===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believe, expects, or estimate. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations by us will be in fact achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Krista, thank you very much, and good afternoon, good evening, all. Thanks for dialing in. And let me echo Krista's warm welcome to our Q1 call. So in addition to me on this end of the phone, you also have Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley, as well as Principal Financial Officer, Rich Baio. We're going to follow our typical agenda where momentarily, I'll be handing it over to Rich. He's going to run you all through some of the highlights from the quarter. I will follow behind him with a couple of additional observations, and then we'll be very pleased to open it up for Q&A. Before I hand it over to Rich, maybe just a sound bite or two from me, perhaps stating the obvious or not perhaps actually stating the obvious. I think the world is chockablock full of volatility these days, these weeks, these months, and perhaps this year and maybe beyond. It seems to be presenting itself in a variety of different ways, political, social, economic, and certainly natural catastrophes as well. But it is, without a doubt, a moment where the realities of risk-adjusted return come into very sharp focus. And from our perspective, it applies to both of the business activities that we participate in, that being underwriting and investing. The resilience of our business model was once again demonstrated over the first quarter. And we feel as though it is another example of how this organization is not just built to perform well during moments where there is a tailwind or smooth seas. But in fact, it is built to continue to excel or succeed during more challenging environmental circumstances. From our perspective, it's very important not to lose sight of the goal of the exercise. The goal is to create value. And in our opinion, it's not just about the steps forward you take, it's also about the steps backward that you avoid. So as we talk about the quarter, there are going to be no but-fors. There is going to be no lipstick on the pig or any other analogy. We're going to talk about what the results were with CAD activity and with a variety of other events and how we managed to navigate through it. It is the reality again that when it comes to value creation, and the power of compounding and what that means for value creation, avoiding steps backward is very consequential. So with that, I will hand it over to Rich. Rich, if you want to run us through the highlights. Please. And I apologize every now and then if you hear a cough or a sneeze, here in the northeast, it is very much peak allergy season. Richie, over to you.
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. Good evening, everyone. As you saw, the company started 2025 with a strong first quarter reporting net income of $418 million or $1.04 per share. And an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 19.9%. Despite significant industry-wide catastrophic activity led by the California wildfires, we continue to demonstrate stability in underwriting earnings and continued growth in net investment income. Operating earnings were $405 million or $1.01 per share yielding an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 19.3%. The calendar year combined ratio was 90.9% and the current accident year combined ratio excluding cat losses was 87.2%. The driver for this difference was cat losses of 3.7 loss ratio points or $111 million representing an above-average cat quarter primarily attributable to the California wildfires. Prior year development was favorable in the current quarter by approximately $1 million with small offsets between segments. Accordingly, the current accident year loss ratio excluding cats was 59.4% representing a 30 basis point increase over the prior year. Largely due to business mix. The expense ratio of 27.8% continues to benefit from the growth in net premiums earned which grew to a record $3.3 billion. In addition, the 80 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter includes a nonrecurring compensation-related benefit of approximately half of this amount. We believe the expense ratio should be comfortably below 30% for the full year as we continue to invest in our newer operating units and make investments in our infrastructure. As it relates to premium production, the company grew net premiums written to a record of more than $3.1 billion. The insurance segment grew 10.2% to our second-best quarter of $2.7 billion with growth in all lines of business. The Reinsurance and Monoline Access segment grew 8.2% to a record quarter of $439 million with growth in property and excess workers' compensation partially offset by a small decrease in casualty. Turning to investments. Net investment income increased 12.6% to $360 million. The improvement is primarily attributable to two items. First, our record net invested assets of $30.7 billion and higher new money rates on our growing fixed maturity portfolio along with strong operating cash flows in the quarter of $744 million. And second, higher investment fund income arising from transportation and financial service-related sectors. As a reminder, we report investment funds on a one-quarter lag and with the recent volatility seen in the equity markets, you may expect some correlation between public and private equity markets. Accordingly, we anticipate investment fund income may be at the lower end of our quarterly range of $10 million to $20 million in the next quarter. The credit quality of our portfolio remains very strong at a AA minus, with a duration on our fixed maturity portfolio including cash and cash equivalents, increasing from the fourth quarter of 2.6 years to the current quarter of 2.7 years. Foreign currency losses in the quarter of $19 million related to the weakening U.S. Dollar relative to most other currencies. Offsetting this income statement loss is an improvement in the currency translation loss and stockholders' equity of $24 million. The effective tax rate was 22.5% in the quarter and we continue to expect 2025 will be 23% plus or minus. Stockholders' equity increased by more than $500 million or 6.2% over the beginning of the year, to a record $8.9 billion. Book value per share before dividends and share repurchases grew 7.1% in the quarter. And our balance sheet remains strong with cash and cash equivalents of more than $1.9 billion and financial leverage of 24.2% the lowest level in decades with no debt maturities, until 2037. Rob, with that, I'll turn it back to you. Okay.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. That was great. Let me offer a couple of additional comments. It's a piggyback on what Rich just shared. As far as the top line goes, you know, it came in where we're up about 10% or to be more specific, if I were a CPA, I would call it 9.9%. But we are pretty pleased with that. Obviously, rates contributed to that. X comp coming in at 8.3%. In addition to that, the renewal retention ratio continues to hang around 80%. I mean, it's like balance to the ship just doesn't move around very much. But I think it's a relevant data point because it tells you as we continue to push for rate and making sure that we're getting paid what we need to get paid, we are not churning the book. Drilling down a little bit more on the insurance front, particularly as it relates to market conditions, And I would tell you that professional liability has become particularly competitive been talking to you all about the D and O market for some period of time. I would add cyber as well as far as competitive. And at the risk of being a little bit rude, which I apologize for in advance, I think transactional liability as far as the marketplace probably gets the stupid award. As far as maybe one other data point, we've chatted with you all about some of our reservations and around workers' compensation. And medical trend. And you might look at our numbers in the release and some of the exhibits and say, well, how does that reconcile with the growth that they're seeing? And let me again, similar to last quarter, flag for you that the growth that we are seeing is really driven by specialty comp. And what do I mean by that? Typically, it's a little higher hazard in nature. There is less competition and you're not seeing both regional and in particular national carriers trying to play the game and leverage the multi-line offering to get the comp. So that continues to be a good opportunity from our perspective. Switching over to the other segment that being reinsurance and excess. I would call out here. I don't think we break out all this detail, but it'll be in the queue. And that is professional liability. As a component of casualty. So our professional liability book as it relates to reinsurance was down a little over 25%. That is really just a reflection of market conditions. And quite frankly, our colleagues have the discipline and the courage to do the right thing. So we'll have to see. I've commented in the past how it seems like the reinsurance market just as it was some number of years ago, sluggish to respond to property, particularly cat, it seems as though yet again, we're seeing some similar just in the casualty lines and in particular, professionals. So we will stay tuned and see how that unfolds. Rich covered the loss ratio earlier. As far as the ex-cat accident year and how it ticked up. About 30 basis points. As he mentioned, that's really due to mix. The only other comment I would make is we are paying close attention as you would expect to the tariffs. And it is a very fluid situation as everyone has an appreciation. So trying to unpack that and figure out what it means for lost cost, that's something that we are working on actively. And, again, as that comes into sharper focus, that may be instructive to us as to how we think about both loss ratio as well as rate need. At this time, as far as the expense piece goes, you know, I would echo Rich's comment about comfortably under 30. The only other comment I would make, yes, he did flag that we had a bit of a benefit from an over-accrual from last year. So maybe that's skewed it a little bit in the quarter, but arguably, it also meant that we overstated our expense ratio a little bit as it turns out last year. It was actually a little bit better last year than we had reported. Flipping over to the investment components. So really, things are firing on all cylinders. Not that there aren't challenges, but we're really pleased with the portfolio, how it's managed, how it's been positioned. Rich commented on the duration, ticked out 2.7 years. And continued to maintain that very strong quality at a strong double A minus. I think one of the important punch lines here is the opportunity or the upside that we see both on the underwriting side and now specifically in the investment side. We have a book yield on the domestic portfolio of approximately 4.7%. We got what's rolling off the portfolio is something below that. So we're gonna see some lift from that. And in addition to that, we have a new money rate that's probably give or take around 5.2%. You got a $30 billion investment portfolio, call it $27 billion or so, interest-sensitive slash fixed income, cash, etcetera. So if you take, call it, 50 plus basis points, and you apply that to $27 billion, that gives you a sense of where the earnings power is going. It's certainly possible that at some point, you could see the interest rates at the shorter end of the curve come down, but from our perspective, the intermediate and longer-term end we don't see that backing off as anything. It could tick up from here. So long story short, the business had a very good quarter to say the least, flirting with a 20% return in an environment such as this where we saw exceptional cat activity I think is a very strong outcome. What is, in my opinion, even more encouraging is the rate accuracy that we continue to maintain while growing the business. And in addition to that, what we've been able to do with the investment portfolio. So as rosy as the picture is here, and it's not that there aren't headwinds and challenges, I think it's pretty evident that not only did we have a good quarter, but the balance of 2025 is looking very encouraging. And the foundation that we're beginning to pour for 2026 appears to be quite solid as well. So why don't did you guys have anything else you want to add? At this time? Okay. Then, Krista, why don't we take a pause there? And we're very pleased to open it up to any Q&A that folks would like to have.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Kligerman: Well, that's enough. Good evening. I was particularly interested in the short tail lines up 13%. Rob, what areas did you get excited about? Because as I'm thinking about the property subset and you called out rates being up 8.3% x property, meaning, like So at the rate you
Rob Berkley: it. Andrea, I beg your pardon. It's 8.3 x comp. I'm sorry if I missed that. Oh, okay. So it's 8.3 x comp. Thank you. That is correct? Okay. Sure. And as far as the growth goes, you know, we're seeing we continue to see opportunity on the property lines. And in addition to that, we are seeing opportunity in the A and H space as well. And those are probably the big drivers as far as the short tail.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. A and H and property. And within the property component, I know, I mean, I guess property pricing is know, there's so many sub-lines I'm hearing kinda down mid-single digit. Could you maybe elaborate a little bit on that? Like, what property lines do you like? And what are you seeing in rate in property?
Rob Berkley: So as far as the insurance market space as with regards property and obviously, it's a Yeah. Space. We continue to see opportunity to push rate at a pretty healthy pace on the risk front. On the cap front, Certainly, there's a bit more competition for particularly coming out of the likes of Lloyd's both directly as well as through binding authorities that they seem to for some reason, be empowering. In addition to that, Berkeley One our private client, iNetWorth personal lines business, continues to be able to demonstrate their considerable value proposition to the marketplace and grow their footprint while simultaneously taking very healthy rate. And then, lastly, our A and H business which has a rich history of performing at a very high level, continues to be able to capitalize on market conditions.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And in the reinsurance segment, I mean, again, you put up another fabulous combined ratio I guess you did an 85.4, and that's even with 10.9 points of cuts. Should we be thinking about that as a stable kind of run rate? For reinsurance? I mean,
Rob Berkley: Well, I don't I think that we are very pleased with the performance of the business and how our colleagues very effectively positioned it. I don't think any of us know what tomorrow will bring, with certainty. That having been said, I think that portfolio and how it has been created and put together has put us on very firm ground. Both where we are today and how we're positioned to capitalize tomorrow. So I think that we, again, remain very encouraged with that business and how it's positioned.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions. Have a good afternoon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Elise. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. My first question I know I think in the prepared remarks you guys said, you know, pointed out the $1 million of development in the quarter and I think said seems like nothing to call out in the segments. You know, would you be willing to give us just, if it's immaterial numbers, just how much reserves in the quarter moved in both insurance and reinsurance? Yeah. Richie, do you
Rob Berkley: I don't have them. Rich, do you have each segment? Because it was, you know, again, I think people look at the combined and they kinda they grasp their head, but we got a lot of moving pieces that come out to this in the wash. So what were the pieces?
Rich Baio: So for the insurance segment, it was $11 million unfavorable prior year development. And in the reinsurance and monoline access, it was favorable by $12 million.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my second question was on the underlying loss ratio. I think you guys said mix right, in the prior question, right, Tim, on reinsurance, which had a strong improvement in the quarter. You know, we did see, you know, some, you know, year over year deterioration in it in insurance. In the Q1. Can you just, I'm assuming, maybe mix was it, you know, also attributed to that segment. Can you just, you know, walk us through, you know, what was know, going on within the underlying loss ratio and insurance in the q one? Go ahead, Rocio.
Rich Baio: Sure. So as you pointed out, Elise, yes, it is business mix. Obviously, one of the elements that plays into that is also our outward reinsurance purchasing that we do. And you might recall we purchase reinsurance both at the group level, but we also purchase it at the operating unit level. And we've got 58 plus operating units across the group. So theoretically, if some businesses are growing, others are shrinking, perhaps, the level of reinsurance plays into that because of the impact on the ceding commissions on the quota share arrangements, etcetera. So that's really in large part what drives that 30 basis point swing from the prior quarter.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my last one, obviously, you know, you guys recently announced that, you know, Mitsumi Samuetoma was gonna take right the 15% stake in the company. I know in the presentation that you was put out, it pointed to them starting in May. Not sure if this is a question for you or them, but is there an update on the regulatory process and is that May timeframe still intact?
Rob Berkley: So they are going through the process that that needs they need to go through, and we tried to be helpful as we would with any shareholder. But I think as you pointed out, Elise, it's more of a question for them than for us. We are not in the all of the details and won't be in the details because
Elyse Greenspan: And the high net worth homeowners, how are you thinking about you know, what the impact of tariffs might be? Well, as you'd expect, Rob, we're particularly focused on the shorter tail lines, both auto particularly around the physical damage. As well as property. But I think it would be a mistake for one to other lines as well. So for example, workers' compensation and what the impact could be around pharma. A lot of drugs are manufactured outside of the United States. So it's something that we're very focused on. The whole tariff situation again, as mentioned earlier, and I know you and others appreciate is very fluid. We are doing our best to try and leave the tea leaves and we are actively doing a variety of different analysis to try and figure out what this means for loss picks and how that would instruct rate need. So, yes, does it have an impact on property? Yeah. Potentially, it would. Would that include personal lines and homeowners? Without a doubt. And certainly another obvious one is auto physical damage. But while those may be the two more significant spots I would encourage folks not to underestimate or completely ignore other product lines as well. Got it. Thank you. That's very helpful. And then maybe just as a follow-up on the pricing, sounds like it accelerated 60 basis points or so in the quarter. You know, what are you seeing in terms of outliers by line of business? Is that any different from recent quarters, and what kind of drove the acceleration? Yeah. I think it's pretty consistent with what we've seen in the past.
Rob Berkley: And there are some product lines that we've talked about in the past like auto liability as an example. Where we are very focused on lost cost trends, social inflation, and doing what we need to do to keep up with that and other liability lines as well. But I as we've called out in the past, auto liability and particularly umbrella and how the auto liability feeds the umbrella exposure are areas that we continue to push pretty hard on. But I also would suggest that I wouldn't get overly preoccupied with 60 basis points one way or the other. I would suggest, in my mind, the takeaway is that the company remains very focused on rate adequacy and keeping up with trend. And I think that is evidenced both in what we've delivered this quarter as well as what we've delivered for the past many quarters.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks a lot.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zerminski with BMO. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hey, Mike. Good afternoon.
Mike Zerminski: Hey. Good afternoon. I guess know, going back to the macro crashing that, you know, with the tariffs, there's lots of uncertainty. But maybe curious if you can kinda talk high level about your view on work comp. Profitability. Recession scenario. I know you just kind of simply said, you know, keeping an eye on tariffs impact on pharma cost. But I guess curious more specifically as higher than historical wage inflation levels, has that been a material tailwind in recent years that we should be thinking about too under a recession scenario or just any high level thoughts given the the sign of business continues to be just highly profitable and we're getting a lot of recession questions. Thanks.
Rob Berkley: So I think the answer is yes. I think coming out of COVID when we saw significant wage inflation, that comfortably outpaced much of the medical inflation equation. That created a bit more tailwind or wiggle room for the. Obviously, that can cut both ways. And you know, medical costs are a little bit of more than 50% of every claims dollar. So one should not, in our opinion, under. And so long story short, to your point, Mike, I think it does cut both ways. And one will need to see how it unfolds. But, you know, again, as far as the growth that we're seeing in comp, it partly has been due to wage inflation. But even more so as we flagged earlier today as well as I think in the prior call, we see opportunity in some of the comp market that is less commoditized. And is more specialty in nature. So, yeah, I think to get to your specific question, I think wage inflation was a plus but that can cut both ways. And to your point, I think people need to be very conscious of that.
Mike Zerminski: Okay. But that's very helpful. I'd be switching gears a bit to lawsuit, you know, slash social inflation. If you know, thinking kind of, looking at, you know, Berkeley's at debt disclosure and just the industries as well, you know, other liability occurrence continues to be I know you said no analogies, but right kind of dig through the Python. You know, do you feel pricing levels for other liability occurrence? I know that gets it works its way through different lines. But do you feel that pricing, is that kind of a level where directionally Berkeley can start playing offense, or do we really need to see a continue to see a material increase in pricing there to really feel like the coast is clear.
Rob Berkley: I think that we've done a pretty good job keeping up with it. And the question really is how the balance of the market will behave and we are encouraged by what we saw quite frankly more recently with additional discipline coming into the market in certain product lines. That having been said, we don't know necessarily what tomorrow will bring. So will there be an opportunity for us to accelerate the growth? We'll have to see with timeline. But, again, you know, one of the things and I think you're in some ways flagging right now is how different the market is and how product lines have decoupled. And one of the benefits that we as an organization are enjoying is the breadth of our offering. So there are parts of the marketplace that we participate in where we are maintaining very much of a defensive posture, and there are other parts of the marketplace where we're finding to lean in. Other liability occurrence, we'll have to see how it unfolds. Clearly, there are many folks that have taken some bumps and bruises, particularly on the excess and umbrella. And historically, that would suggest that will lead to opportunity. And if that is the case, we look forward to participating.
Mike Zerminski: Okay. Got it. Got it. They'll sneak in just a follow-up question to Rob Cox's question and your answer about tariffs. Impacting more than just the auto line. I probably just need to do more homework myself, but is there have you been willing to quantify just directionally you know, commercial property, would tariffs under their current form potentially impact loss ratio by, like, just I don't know if you have a corridor, like, very low single digit.
Rob Berkley: So, Mike, the answer is that the tariff discussion coming out of Washington particularly led by the administration, I think, is still a bit of a moving target. So for us to put a number down right now that's I'm hoping that that's something we can do, give or take 90 days from now for you and others. But right now, I think it would be premature. My message to you is that we are very focused on it. And making sure that we will take the appropriate action for a loss ratio as well as what those implications are from a pricing perspective. As well. The short answer is if it comes to be as it's been advertised, yeah, it's gonna drive up lost cost. Do I have a number for you? No. Not that would be particularly valuable to you, or valuable to us sharing with anyone at this moment.
Mike Zerminski: Understood. Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good evening, everyone.
Josh Shanker: How are y'all doing?
Rob Berkley: We're doing great. How are you? Good. Good. Thank you. I wanted to dig into some of the comments you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you have to concentrate on specialty workers' comp to understand why Berkeley grew in the quarter and otherwise tepid comp environment. But you always have a specialty as what you're writing. Is it were there a few unique opportunities that you saw in 1Q 2025? And should we expect that workers' comp is going to be a unique area that Berkeley's able to grow for the next few quarters? The industry struggles?
Rob Berkley: So I think that maybe thanks for flagging that, Josh, and let me try and do a better job articulating this, the thought, than I did. You're absolutely right that by and large, all we do is specialty in nature. But some of what we do that is specialty in nature oftentimes by the standard market is mistakenly not recognized as specialty, and that tends to be smaller and midsize accounts. So as they are mistakenly coming into that marketplace, you know, that creates more competition, and we have no qualms letting that part of the portfolio shrink. That having been said, what I was attempting to flag was there is a part of the comp market which is perhaps even more specialized. And what I mean by that, it's even higher hazard in nature. Where the standard market has a greater recognition for the complexity and is less inclined to try and come into that marketplace. And cut rates and try and leverage their multiline offering. So apologies if I muddied the waters, but hopefully that a bit of clarity.
Josh Shanker: And is there anything we can use by looking at this number to think about the remainder of the year?
Rob Berkley: Well, you know, just both you and I, along with others, know that nobody knows exactly what tomorrow will bring. If market conditions in that part of the comp market continue as they have been. More recently. Then we will look forward to continuing to lean into that opportunity. If that opportunity or window of opportunity were to close, then, you know, you will see us do what you would expect us to do. And we will have no qualms letting the business move in a different direction or away from us.
Josh Shanker: So if I could ask the same question, but about a different market, about commercial auto liability. It's been a tough market for a while. But this is the first time that I've really seen Berkeley's premium volume are really fade compared to the prior quarters. Has something changed in the last three months?
Rob Berkley: It I think what it is is this our commitment to rate accuracy, and the rest of the marketplace has been a bit sluggish. Particularly earlier in Q1. I would tell you more recently, perhaps there's early signs of a green shoot coming through. Hard to know whether that is green grass or a weed, but we remain hopeful. Okay. And if I can sneak one other in, you know, Andrew mentioned about the cats notably, Berkeley has no exposure to California homeowners. Which they avoided the the didn't avoid completely. Obviously, they avoided the line of business that was most exposed to the biggest cat in the quarter, yet this was quite a big quarter for catastrophe losses for Berkeley. Has the premium footprint changed as you've moved into ShoreTel line and expose yourself more to property such that we should revise our priors and how we think Berkeley's cat loss exposure evolves relative to the market more broadly.
Rob Berkley: Josh, so the way I would answer that is no. Not really. First off, as far as the homeowners piece, I wanna make sure there's no misunderstanding. It wasn't that Berkeley One didn't get to expanding to California. A conscious and deliberate decision was made not to enter California. As far as the balance of the loss, as it relates to that, it has to do with our commercial lines book. And we have felt as though the property market, as we've talked about in the past, is reasonably well priced. And that's why we were prepared to take on a bit more exposure. I think that view was validated if you look at the result we delivered, even with having opportunistically modestly expanded our footprint or participation in the property space, we still delivered a 19 plus percent return. So long story short, do I think you should come away from this feeling like there's been a sea change in our approach to property and can't expose property. No. I think that would be a mistake. Do I what do I hope that you'll continue to recognize that we are an organization that is opportunistic. And when we see things that are well priced, we're willing to take on a bit more exposure yes. I would hope that that would be the takeaway. But, no, there's not a sea change in our appetite for, tax, if you will, And that's why arguably, a $40 to $50 billion event relative to our size. I think by any measure, we are underweighted as far as our cat loss.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for all the answers. Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for calling in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: David, good afternoon.
David Motemaden: Good afternoon, Rob. I had just a follow-up question on the reserve development within the insurance segment, the $11 million. I was hoping to get a little bit more detail in terms of some of the moving pieces there.
Rob Berkley: I don't have that in front of me. If you'd like maybe you could give Victor and Richard a call tomorrow, and we can unpack it. I think we have about $17 billion of reserves. So I didn't view $11 million as the be all and end all, but we're happy to do our best to unpack that for you.
David Motemaden: Great. Thanks. And then you know, I was I know not a big line for you guys either, but the property reinsurance growth was a pretty nice tailwind this quarter. You know, ticked up quite a bit. I guess, how should we think about how sustainable growth is in that market within the property cap market?
Rob Berkley: I think it depends on, you know, what tomorrow holds, how let When the day is all done, the property market, particularly as it relates to reinsurance, was not as rosy. At this one one as it was a year earlier. But we still think that it's well priced. But as we've demonstrated in the past, whether it's property or any product line, if that opportunity shifts and is less attractive, we're very happy to let it go. So what will tomorrow bring? I don't know. But right now, we think that there's still a reasonable risk-adjusted return to be had. That having been said, you know, we all saw a fair amount of erosion at one one. So I don't know if there's another year or not. In the tank.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe just lastly. So there's been some efforts at tort reform in Georgia. I know you guys are a decent-sized player in Georgia within GL and commercial auto. I guess just curious on your thoughts in terms of you know, what that does to sort of address some of the social inflation issues that have been problematic there.
Rob Berkley: I guess the short answer is we're pleased that it's getting the attention. Not sure if it's enough, but it's a step in the right direction.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hello, Mark. Good afternoon.
Mark Hughes: Thanks. Hey, Rob. How are you?
Rob Berkley: Doing fine. Thanks. I'm here well.
Mark Hughes: Anything to say on admitted versus E and F? And the mix shift, it seems like it's continued in E and S. How did you see that play out? This quarter? Any commentary on submission growth would be great.
Rob Berkley: So using a pretty broad brush, we are pretty pleased with the continued flow in the E and S market. Ever increasing particularly around some of the liability lines. Casualty in particular. And for that matter, excess and umbrella. As far as the property piece goes, there's still opportunity there, but probably a bit less than there was yesterday. January was a little bit more challenging, but we were very pleased to see how the balance of quarter unfolded. And tried it to be quite encouraging.
Mark Hughes: Thank you for that. And then, Rich, on the reinsurance purchasing that you talked about influencing the mix, which influenced the current accident year. Is that an ongoing phenomenon, do you think, or is that the there's some timing about the purchasing of that reinsurance that might have influenced Q1 more than others?
Rich Baio: I don't think it has to do with the timing of the purchasing. It really is just driven by each of those operations, whether they're growing or shrinking or moving in or out of particular businesses and what the contribution is to the overall. So if you have a business as an example that we quote or share some of that out to third-party reinsurers and you don't have as much net premiums written contributing to the overall total net premiums written it will obviously have an impact one way or the other. So, no, I think if you look at our session rate, we kinda hover in that high 14 to low 15% rate. So I think that our session rate is pretty consistent from period to period. It's really just the composition across the 58 plus operating units.
Mark Hughes: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Anderson with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Andrew. Good afternoon.
Andrew Anderson: Hey. Good afternoon. Just on casualty reinsurance, you had mentioned the professional liability component. I was just hoping you could touch on kind of the rate and discipline that you're seeing in the market and expectations or thoughts of that maybe improving as we go through the year?
Rob Berkley: So the punch line is a lot of it has to do with a fair amount of it has to do with D and L. A fair amount of it has to do with cyber and transactional as well. And to make a long story short, it's not that we're writing the same number of treaties and the rates just getting cut. Or the underlying is collecting less premium, it's our colleagues drawing a line in the sand and saying, this treaty does not make any sense to us any longer. We are not going to do it given the economics. Which we very much applaud. Thank you, Kevin.
Andrew Anderson: Got it. So maybe still some nonrenewals as we go throughout the year on that line perhaps?
Rob Berkley: Obviously, one one is a big date. But we'll have to see how it unfolds. But again, of course, with stuff it comes through throughout the year.
Andrew Anderson: Okay. And then just on specialty workers' comp, it is the rate there kinda similar to traditional workers' comp or what are you seeing in that market?
Rob Berkley: It's a healthier market. Where we find the rates are higher, and we think the rate accuracy is more appropriate.
Andrew Anderson: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Thanks. Hey. How are you? Two quick ones here for you. First one, just on the property reinsurance again, were there any kind of reins premiums or anything in there that may have kinda elevated the growth on a year-over-year basis? Just given the cat losses. Nothing. Okay.
Rob Berkley: Not material.
Brian Meredith: Okay. Excellent. And actually, next one is for is for Bill. Just curious, Bill. During the 1970s, we had stagflation. Maybe give us tell us what that kinda means for the commercial insurance industry and kinda what it was like back then with stagflationary environment.
Bill Berkley: Well, first of all, that's age discrimination. I think that the stat replacement was a problem. But the inflation was somewhat different. It was much more focused, and you saw it in it wasn't quite across the board in the stagnant economy. There were a lot of different moving parts. But I think that the industry when that happened, went through a tough period of pricing pressures but it did it wasn't a disaster by any means. I think the industry was able to move along raising prices, and keep up with that. But there was less growth because the economy really wasn't growing. So less growth pricing was okay, and the industry lifeblood of new companies and change was diminished. So flexible, modest size, and larger-sized companies did well. Not a lot of new companies getting started was really when we were to getting into the business. And you had had lots of issues, including things we faced when we were just getting into the business. So in fact, just looking back at what that was, it opened the doors to really a much improving period of time. But margins were not what they were, although interest rates moved up. So we had improving interest rates. That was with you know, interest rates started to move up where they were had been settled at 3% to where they became settled at 6%. So it was an okay time for the industry if you paid attention to risk. But, overall, bigger companies did better than smaller companies. And opportunities existed. So like everything, there's no broad brush that gives you an answer. Very, very differentiated.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Wes Carmichael with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Wes Carmichael: Hey. Good evening. I just wanted to come back quickly to the increase in the underlying loss ratio that was driven by mix. And, Rich, I heard your commentary on reinsurance. And I don't think it sounds like it, but I just wanna confirm, is there any mix standpoint on the expense ratio that you're saying?
Rich Baio: There could be as well because as I was alluding to earlier, depending on the contributions quota shares with ceding commissions, that could also have an impact on the expense ratio. So yes. In this case, that was less the Correct. Case in the quarter. That's right.
Wes Carmichael: Okay. Understood. Thank you. And then just in the insurance segment, I wondered if you could just unpack growth a bit more. And Robbie talked a bit about workers' comp for a while. So any more color on the other lines, including other liabilities that you might call out in the quarter or going forward?
Rob Berkley: I think it's a combination of just making sure we're staying on top of it with the rate and market conditions where we are seeing opportunity to grow. And we are making the most of that. Where the opportunities are. So, you know, long story short, some of the product lines, it's rate, rate, rate all day. Like auto. As an example, there are other product lines where rate adequacy remains very and market conditions are such. That it's allowing us not just to grow through rate, but to grow through exposure.
Wes Carmichael: Thanks so much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. If I can go back to the specialty workers' compensation driving the growth. Are the underwriting and claims handling tools different from the prior book of workers' compensation at Berkeley?
Rob Berkley: Sorry. What was the last piece? Mary? I beg your pardon? Are they different from what?
Meyer Shields: So the legacy, in other words, the compensation business that you've written over the last few years.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the answer is that each one of the businesses is specialized in nature, and some of the opportunity as we alluded to earlier with some of the higher hazard is creating a meaningful opportunity for us and we are leaning into that. And is it yes. It has teams of people, as you know, were set up a decentralized structure with different businesses with their own folk and expertise. To support that area of focus or to go hand in hand with that area of focus. So the answer is yes.
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then completely changing topic. So in the press release confirming Mitsubishi Butelmo, their president and CEO talked about deploying their network to grow the value of their investment, which I think means Berkeley. I'm hoping you could flush out what that means in terms of growth potential for Berkeley.
Rob Berkley: We'll have to see over time. Obviously, they are a large organization. With a meaningful footprint in different parts of the world. And if there's an opportunity for us to partner with them and bring some of our expertise and skills, then if that's something that makes sense for the business, that's something that we're very open to.
Meyer Shields: Okay. But that's not something nothing 2025? We'll have to see.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you very much.
Meyer Shields: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our question and answer session. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing comments.
Rob Berkley: Krista, thank you very much, and thank you all for dialing in. As suggested earlier, I think by any measure, a very solid quarter. Let alone when we had a CAT of this size. Additionally, I think it was very encouraging the top line that we were able to enjoy, and, of course, that was nicely complemented by the continued benefit on the investment portfolio as well. Thank you all, and we look forward to connecting with you in 90 days or so. Have a good night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Lisa, thank you very much, and good afternoon all. And let me echo Lisa's welcome to our fourth quarter call. So, as in the past, we have Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman, joining on this end along with Rich Baio, Chief Financial Officer. And we're going to follow our typical agenda where shortly I'm going to hand it over to Rich. He's going to walk us through some highlights. I'm going to then follow-up with a few quick comments on my end. And then, we'll be very happy to take the conversation in any direction that participants wish to take in. Before I do hand it over to Rich, just a very quick comment really not just on behalf of myself but on behalf of all of my colleagues expressing our concern for all who have been impacted not just by the recent events in California and these horrific fires, but also we shouldn't forget about the many people that were terribly impacted during the 2024 year as a result of hurricanes and other events. From our perspective, it is certainly a moment for the industry to demonstrate its value to society. I know that my colleagues and I are very focused on ensuring that we, as an organization, do what we are supposed to do to live up to our responsibilities and certainly our hope that our peers at other organizations will be doing the same. So with that, I will hand it over to Rich. Rich, if you want to run us through the highlights and then we'll take it from there.
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. Good evening, everyone. The 2024 full year closed out with record top-line and bottom-line results, yielding return on equity of 23.6% and operating return on equity of 22.4%. The fourth quarter record operating earnings increased 15.5% to $453 million or $1.13 per share, with an operating return on equity of 24.3%. Net income represented our second best quarter, increasing 45% to $576 million or $1.44 per share, with return on equity of 30.9%. The key drivers behind the quarter were strong underwriting results, combined with the continuation of growth in our core investment portfolio. Starting with underwriting performance. Our current accident year combined ratio before cat losses of 2.6 loss ratio points was 87.7%, consistent with the full year 2024. The calendar year combined ratio was 90.2%, resulting in $294 million of underwriting income, bringing the full year 2024 to 90.3% and a record underwriting income of more than $1.1 billion. The prior year development was favorable by $1.6 million in the quarter. Drilling down further into the component parts, the current accident year loss ratio ex cats was 59.2%, which ticked up slightly from the prior year due to business mix and remains flat to the full years 2024 and 2023. Cat losses increased over the prior year, primarily due to Hurricane Milton, driving the increase quarter-over-quarter of 1.4 loss ratio points. The expense ratio of 28.4% was flat to the prior-year quarter, continuing to benefit from record net premiums earned of more than $3 billion and initiatives driving technological and operational efficiencies throughout the business. We believe 2025 will reflect an expense ratio comfortably below 30%. The full year 2024 marked another record year on top-line. The gross and net premiums written grew 9.6% and 9.3%, respectively. In the fourth quarter, the Insurance segment's net premiums written increased 9.9% to more than $2.6 billion, with growth in all lines of business. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment grew in property and monoline excess with a decrease in casualty due to the competitive pricing environment. Moving on to investments. The core portfolio increased 9.4% to $313 million. We do expect the core portfolio to continue to grow over the fourth quarter 2024 in the foreseeable future due to higher new money rates compared with the roll-off book yield and growth in the size of the investment portfolio. Our record operating cash flow from 2024 of almost $3.7 billion followed the year before's operating cash flow of $2.9 billion, which was also a record, and has enabled us to invest more while maintaining the high credit quality of AA minus. In addition, we've increased our investment duration from 2.4 years to 2.6 years in the quarter. And at the end of 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of almost $2 billion. Net investment gains were primarily driven by favorable market value movements in common and preferred equity securities. Investments in the energy and certain financial services sectors led to the $163 million unrealized gain. Effective tax rate of 21% in the quarter benefited from the utilization of some foreign valuation allowances established against operating loss carry-forwards and true-up adjustments for prior periods. This brings our full year effective tax rate to 22.5% and we expect 2025 will be 23%, plus or minus. As it relates to capital, the stockholders' equity increased 12.6% to $8.4 billion, primarily due to record net income of $1.8 billion, partially offset by the return of capital to shareholders of $836 million through dividends and share repurchases. In the fourth quarter, we paid regular and special dividends of $220 million and repurchased $67 million in shares. Our after-tax unrealized investment loss is $517 million as of year-end 2024, an improvement of $69 million from the prior year. And finally, book value per share before repurchases and dividends grew 23.5% for the full year. Rob, I'll turn it back to you.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Rich, thank you very much. Very clear, and sure appreciated by all. So, before I offer a few thoughts on the marketplace and then on our quarter, just highlighting the obvious at this stage as you've likely had an opportunity to flip through the release and would have heard Rich's comments. 2024 was truly another exceptional year for the organization. And I did -- before we get into the nooks and crannies that we typically do on these calls, I did want to take a moment just to pause and both thank and congratulate our roughly 7,300 colleagues for yet again a job very well done. The three of us have the privilege of speaking on behalf of the full team, but as a reminder to all, this is a team sport and the outcome is a reflection of the team, not just the folks that happen to be speaking to you on this call today. So again, to the team, thank you and truly congratulations on yet another great performance. Maybe pivoting over to a couple of thoughts on the marketplace, as far as much of the liability market, it continues to be plagued by social inflation. The combination of an emboldened plaintiff bar along with quite frankly, this jet fuel that they have in their back pocket, otherwise known as litigation funding, continues just to up the game. That having been said, social inflation does not apply to all product lines equally. So, maybe to give an example or to be more specific, while it is certainly prevalent in most places within the liability space, if you look at certain lines of business where claims are more exposed or is more commonplace where there is actually physical injury to someone, you will see a reaction coming out of a jury that tends to be far more inflated. By example, the type of awards that are coming out related to auto liability or med mal and the inflation that we are seeing in those types of claims is far more than what we would be seeing in the D&O space or what we would be seeing in the accountants' liability space, just to pick a few to try and articulate the point. One of the things that's been both surprising and, quite frankly, a bit disappointing to me has been how slow or sluggish the reinsurance market has been to respond to social inflation and some of the challenges. It is our suspicion that you are seeing a gradual groundswell that is building and we will see discipline coming to the casualty reinsurance market, hopefully over the coming months and years, and that will create an opportunity for our colleagues in the reinsurance space. But in the meantime, when there is that lack of discipline, we very much applaud our colleagues for the discipline that they are exercising. Pivoting over to the short tail line, specifically property, certainly for the moment and we'll have to see what the impact of the California fires is, but for the moment, property insurance, there is still a tailwind, but it is slowing. And if you pivot over to the property reinsurance market and even more so the retro market, it is clear that at 1/1, there was no tailwind to be found. In fact, it was quite to the contrary, there was a growing headwind. By example, our property cat renewal risk-adjusted was down 15%-ish and a similar percentage for our retro. Moving on to our quarter, I don't have a lot to add and I guess at the risk of being a little bit repetitive following Rich, the net written premium was 8%, but going back to a comment earlier and what Rich had unpacked for us a little bit, I think you need to look at that a little more carefully. And the fact of the matter is if you back out the casualty reinsurance where we find market conditions to be concerning and we believe that more of a defensive posture is appropriate, if you back that out, we're at 10%. Rate ex workers' comp came in at 7.7%. Renewal retention ratio a little bit above 80, which continues to be very consistent with what it's been for at this stage, I don't know how many quarters or, for that matter, how many years. On the expense front, the 28.4%, Rich talked about continuing to be sub-30% for the foreseeable. Richie, this is a little bit of a heads up. I'm going to ask you to talk about expenses for a moment. But if you go back and you look at the journey that we've been on, we've been able to hold the line on expenses through investment in technology along with the utilization of BPO. And if you think about where our expense ratio was pre-COVID and where we are today, even with the COVID benefit on expenses having gone away, we continue to be in a very good place. So, I'm going to keep going in a minute, but I'm going to take a pause, catch my breath. And Richie, if you want to speak to expenses for a moment, please?
Rich Baio: Sure. So, as Rob alluded to, certainly post-COVID, we've benefited where our expense ratio has been in the low 20%s to mid-20% -- low 28% to 28.5% area. But proceeding that, going back to 2020 and prior, certainly began with a three handle. And if we go back to the decade ago, basically at 33%-and-change. So, certainly have seen close to a 5-point improvement in the expense ratio over that period of time.
Rob Berkley: And I would just add to that, one needs to keep in mind our mix of business and a meaningful amount of the business we write has an acquisition cost that is greater due to the fact that we do a fair amount of business in the wholesale market. So, Rich covered the combined ratio. Again, a 90.2%, given the cat activity in the quarter, not a bad place to come out. Speaking of that, on the topic of cats, obviously, it's very early to be speculating around California and what it will mean, but I would just remind folks that we are California light when it comes to property. Obviously, one of the areas that has gotten a lot of attention is the personal line space and our efforts, known as Berkley One within the private client personal line space, we do not participate in the California market. So hopefully that is helpful. And I think the punch line is, while I'm sure we will have some loss activity associated with the fires, I expect that it will not keep us from still delivering a respectable return to our shareholders in Q1 based on everything I can see today. Switching over to the investments, again, Rich covered this. The AA minus continues to get stronger with every passing day and we're feeling very good about that. Simultaneously, you would note as Rich flagged the duration. We've talked about this for some number of quarters. When we see the opportunity, we're going to nudge that duration out. We saw an opportunity, so it popped out from 2.4-and-change out to 2.6-and-change. And again, we feel no pressure, but when we see the window of opportunity, our colleagues are not going to let that pass by without taking advantage of it. I think another data point that really plays into the whole economic model and I think as we've talked about over the past couple of quarters, when we were going through an extended period of time and interest rates were reduced or depressed, if you will, I think a lot of folks forgot about the component of our economic model that being the investment portfolio and investment income. Obviously, that has been reawoken. Everyone can see that, but that story is not fully told at this stage. So, a couple of data points for you. Our domestic book yield for the quarter was approximately 4.6%. Our new money rate today is 5.25%-plus. So, as you can see, that increase along with the cash flow that Rich talked about for the year of $3.7 billion or $810 million in the quarter, we have a growing portfolio where new money rate is considerably above the book yield, and I think we all know what that means. So, long story short, what's the punch line? It's the following: 2025 is a year that we think the table is already set and it's set in a very attractive way. And with every passing day, we're setting the table more and more for 2026. The reality is that our underwriting margin is likely to improve from here over time and certainly at a minimum will not be deteriorating. In addition to that, as far as the investment portfolio, the other key component of our economic model, as I mentioned just a moment ago, the investable assets continue to grow at a healthy pace, and that new money rate given our view on where quite frankly government borrowing is going to need to be, where inflation is going to be, there will continue to be an opportunity for us to put money to work at a healthy spread above the current book yield. As it is today, we do not see that disappearing overnight. So, obviously, people will digest and process the data any way they like, but the numbers and the information that we shared with you all today, those are statements of fact and, quite frankly, you don't need to be particularly insightful to see how the story is likely to unfold, not just over the 25 year, but more and more likely with every passing day 26 and perhaps beyond. Okay. That was as usual probably more than I promised. Why don't we pause there, and Lisa, if we could go ahead and open it up for Q&A?
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question today from Alex Scott, Barclays.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Alex. Good afternoon.
Alex Scott: Good afternoon. First one I have for you all is just, how we should think through balancing growth? It sounded like you're not willing to budge on the margins you're seeing and potential improvement even. Just given the landscape, particularly for reinsurance, but even in insurance with what's going on with property, do you think we're going to go through a period where we have to potentially be lower than where you all would like to be on growth over the medium to long term? And how does that get balanced out with potential capital return and just how we should think about where you'd run your leverage through a period like that?
Rob Berkley: Well, a, thank you for the question, and b, my thoughts on it are as follows. We as an organization are unapologetic in the fact that we're in business to make good risk-adjusted returns. We will write the business and lean into it when we think the margin is there and we will have no qualms taking a more defensive posture when we don't think the margin is there. I think we have demonstrated that time and time again and you can see that actually we lay the numbers out for you on Slide 7 or Page 7, if you will, of our press release, and you can see our casualty reinsurance in the quarter was down more than 15%. That's because of the comments not only that I shared earlier today, but we have talked about in past quarters and earlier where we just don't think that the market is exercising the discipline and quite frankly is expecting an appropriate risk-adjusted return. So, we will participate where we think it makes sense and not. So, when you put that all together, Alex, we can only control what we can control. We can't control the market. We can control our behavior. We are seeing opportunities in much of the market today. We think we have great colleagues with great expertise. They understand how to separate the wheat from the chaff, and I think we're in a pretty good place. Again, if you look at some of the growth in the insurance front and you can see the opportunity that while slowing still exists even on the property reinsurance front, we're going to try and take advantage of that. But when the day is all done, we think that there is still a lot of opportunity out there and we're looking to capitalize on it. And our comment around opportunity to grow, nobody knows for sure until you're there, but at this stage, the fact is we have a lot of -- we have businesses that when you put it all together are growing at high-single-digit or more, and there are parts of our business, quite frankly, that are growing at a much higher rate. So, again, hopefully, that was a lot of babble on my part, but if you look at Slide 7, I think -- or Page 7 of the release, it demonstrates we grow where the margin is. And so, what does that mean? We think the business should be able to continue to grow at a healthy rate in excess of trend.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's all very helpful. Maybe focusing a little more on the primary side, I guess, we heard from one of the other smaller specialty companies that property, they were seeing a lot of competition. I think they flagged MGAs. I think others have flagged the Lloyd's market. How is price adequacy in property within the insurance business? And is that still a place that you can grow your targeted profitability?
Rob Berkley: We think that there is still an opportunity, generally speaking, in property. That having been said, it's reasonably evident that there is a bit more competition today than there was yesterday in certain pockets. We'll have to see what the impact is of the California fires, whether that changes the appetite of some. But yes, as I tried to articulate earlier, I think for property insurance, there is still a tailwind, but it is clearly diminished from what it was yesterday. But it has not become a headwind or eroding to the extent that the reinsurance market has on the property front.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Rob Berkley: Elyse, good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question on -- you guys in the last couple of calls, right, have been willing to kind of provide the reserve breakdown, right, by segment. I was hoping you could give that to us tonight and then just provide any color you might have seen within insurance or reinsurance that stands out with short or long tail reserves in the quarter.
Rob Berkley: Elyse, I don't have it in front of me. I think what -- if you wouldn't mind, Rich can probably give that to you or Karen. Karen, if you wouldn't mind just circling up after the call because we wouldn't want to give you anything but the accurate information. As far as where are the challenges, I think as we've talked about in past calls, we're paying close attention to auto liability and we're paying close attention to access, particularly -- and umbrella and particularly how auto liability feeds into that. Going the other way, workers' compensation continues to be a good guy, and we have some other lines where it continues to be very encouraging as well. I think the actions that we have taken regarding auto, both in the primary and how it applies to the excess, are well entrenched at this stage. So, I would never go so far as to declare victory prematurely, but I think we're on the right path.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And it sounds like from your comments, right, you guys are pretty cautious, right, on the casualty reinsurance market. So, as you think about how that market, I guess, could play out in '25 as well as, right, other markets, be that other long or short tail lines, do you think you'd get back Rob to 10% to 15%? I know, right, it's less top-line to grow. You don't want to grow in areas, right, that aren't offering good opportunities. How do you see growth from a top-line perspective playing out in 2025?
Rob Berkley: So, this is the part where I guess you see if I take the bait or not. And I guess the answer is this. I don't know with any greater certainty than anyone else what 2025 is going to hold for us. I believe that there should be an opportunity for this organization for the 2025 year to grow in double digits. Is it possible that that could prove to be 9%? Yes, it is. Is it possible that that could prove to be 16%? Yes, it is. But do I think that we should be able to grow our exposure in something in excess of the rate that we are achieving? Yes, I do. And given that we are getting more than 7 points of rate, I think that that should help us get to what I'm pointing you in the direction of.
Elyse Greenspan: And then, one last one. Was there anything -- it looks like the insurance underlying loss ratio maybe ticked up a little bit in the quarter from where it had been running. Was there anything one-off...
Rob Berkley: Yeah, maybe about 0.5 point or so. And I would caution you not to read too deeply into it because Rich and I did spend some time on this and it really just boiled down to mix of business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is Andrew Kligerman, TD Securities.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Andrew. Good evening.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, thanks a lot. Good evening. Looking at the other liability net written premium, it was up at a solid 9.5%. And if I remember correctly, Rob, you had expressed a fair amount of optimism around pricing in the insurance casualty line in October, and you felt pretty good that it might see some pickup. Could you kind of elaborate on where that is now in January?
Rob Berkley: So, I've not seen our January price monitor, so I'm a little bit on my heels. That having been said, based on the anecdotal information that I have heard from colleagues, I think that the momentum continues to be very strong around rate achieved on much of the liability and other liability included in that.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. So, it's strong. So, Rob, what's the disconnect between your concerns about the reinsurance casualty pricing? How do you reconcile the reinsurance pricing coming off? And I think you said down 15%...
Rob Berkley: Our premium -- just to be clear, sorry, our premium was down about just shy of 15.5% for our casualty reinsurance in the quarter.
Andrew Kligerman: For casualty, and yet you seem to like it on the primary level. Could you maybe reconcile the two and why you're far less favorably disposed on reinsurance casualty?
Rob Berkley: Because I think the casualty reinsurance market needs more discipline and they need to charge more, whether that be through adjusting ceding commissions or in an XOL basis getting at it a different way.
Andrew Kligerman: Interesting.
Rob Berkley: And I think there's a disconnect. No different than if you go back a few years ago before the reinsurance market woke up, there was a disconnect between property primary and property reinsurance.
Andrew Kligerman: Interesting. And then maybe one last quick one. International, not a lot of color on that, but kind of curious because your insurance ops are in Asia, Latin America, UK, Europe. Any color that you could share with us on what's going on abroad and how you're seeing those markets for your business?
Rob Berkley: Well, obviously, we participate in a lot of different markets and no one is a mere image of another including the market conditions. But what I would tell you is this, that we have some really exceptional people running those businesses and they are amongst some of our highest margin businesses. And going back in time, that hasn't always been the case across the board, but some of our best risk-adjusted returns are coming from -- are being generated by our colleagues outside of the United States. I think there are certainly parts of the international effort where the market is particularly competitive and the opportunity to grow has become more challenging. Nevertheless, our colleagues and their ability to navigate through those competitive environments, I think we have a great deal of confidence in.
Andrew Kligerman: Thanks a lot.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Mark Hughes, Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Good afternoon.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mark. Good afternoon.
Mark Hughes: Rob, any comments on the mix between E&S and admitted? There's still strong movement into E&S. How do you see that now?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Mark. And maybe if you don't mind taking half a step back. The submission flow coming into the E&S marketplace continues to be robust. We'll have to see again what the impact of the California fires is, but we're probably seeing a little less momentum on the property side and more momentum on the casualty side as far as the submission flow regarding E&S. I would tell you there are pockets of professional that have become a little bit more competitive on the E&S front. But that having been said, overall our E&S business is growing considerably faster than our admitted business today.
Mark Hughes: And then, you expressed a lot of confidence that the underwriting profitability wouldn't be deteriorating or would be likely improving and definitely not a deteriorating. Pricing is still up nicely. What should we think about the inflation and loss costs? Are you seeing a step down in loss inflation? I know you've talked about the social inflation in those drivers, but seems like you have a little more optimism about the spread on a go-forward basis.
Rob Berkley: I think we've been getting a lot of rate for a long time at this stage. In addition to that, I think we have grown visibility and confidence in the underwriting actions that have already been taken and continue to be applied. And when you put all of that together, I think we are cautiously optimistic as to what that likely bodes for the results over time. I think the reality is when we look at our mix of business and we look at the rate that we have achieved and that we continue to achieve and if you look at the aggregate, 7.7% or so, and we look at how we think about trend at a pretty granular level, we think we're in a good place. So, again, none of us know for sure, particularly with some of the longer tail lines other than through the passage of time, but there's some encouraging data that we're seeing.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question. Have a good night.
Operator: From BMO Capital Markets, next up is Mike Zaremski.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good evening.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good evening. First question. Coming back to -- I'm going to assume, we don't know the -- you don't have the answer to the reserve changes this quarter, but based on kind of the year-to-date nine months, it looks like workers' comp was definitely a big good guy in terms of reserve releases. So, I'm just trying to kind of curious one of the tougher questions we get is you know, why is Rob bearish on kind of workers' comp if profits are so good and still continues to release a lot of reserves. So, just kind of curious if your views on comp are improving potentially or just kind of talking through the dynamics there.
Rob Berkley: I think that when it comes to workers' compensation, I miss assessed frequency trend and how remarkably negative it has remained for an extended period of time. In addition to that, I probably did not give enough credit to wage inflation and what that has meant for pricing and, by extension, margin. On the other hand, I continue to be concerned about medical cost and medical trend, and it is hard for me to imagine that the workers' comp market will be insulated from that reality indefinitely. So, at this stage, as you would have noticed in the quarter, we grew a little bit in comp even though our rate was ever so modestly negative, but we are finding opportunities to grow in comp, but it tends to be very specialized. We are not growing what I would describe as a main street comp. We are growing in specialized comp as far as the exposure goes.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. Okay. I appreciate the candidness there. Switching gears, if we reflect on the past year or whatever amount of time you would like to reflect on, is it fair to assume that given you're growing faster in E&S than in commercial that that's having kind of a positive impact on the overall company's combined ratio, or is that not a fair assessment?
Rob Berkley: Well, I hope every place we're growing is going to have a positive impact on the combined ratio. I understand your point is E&S higher margin, and in some cases that is the case, but that's not always the case. But maybe specifically to your point, I think that our loss ratios are in a very good place. Do I think it's possible through the passage of time that they will improve? Yes, I do believe that that is a possibility. Are we going to sort of get ahead of ourselves? No, we are not. Mike, I don't know if we had the conversation, but certainly Rich and I have chatted with others about it. It was -- that 16 through 19 year and that stark reminder of the mismatch between when you write your business and when you'd really know your cost of goods sold, that was a very sobering experience for us. And as a result of that, we're just not going to get ahead of ourselves. Quite frankly, at this stage, the business is generating without any strain 20%-plus returns. So, there's really no incentive in my opinion to do anything other than make sure we are thoughtful and measured and continue to have a healthy respect for that reality of not knowing your cost of goods sold until some number of years after we made the sale. So, yeah, when I -- when we look back on it in the future, I think things are going to look possibly better than they do today, but we're not going to get ahead of ourselves.
Mike Zaremski: Got it. And just lastly, sticking on the E&S marketplace, loud and clear about growth -- your growth outlook kind of direction remains the same as last quarter. But specifically in the E&S marketplace, given how, I guess, good returns are for most companies, because we're hearing some companies talk about some pricing deceleration in the E&S casualty marketplace. Are you seeing that at all? Thanks.
Rob Berkley: I don't see that in the E&S casualty space. I can imagine that potentially happening in the property space, let's -- putting aside whatever the California impact is, but I don't see that happening in the casualty space. And quite frankly, I think if anything, that pricing environment is more likely than not to remain quite resilient when it comes to casualty. We'll have to see professional perhaps as a different animal, but if we're talking about E&S casualty, then I think that that is quite strong and there's nothing that leads me to believe that you're going to see that momentum erode. Again, property a little bit different. And if you unpack a lot of the growth that the E&S market has seen over the past several years, it is weighted towards property. So, as I think we've all talked about, property tends to respond quickly and very severely, but it tends to be shorter lived as opposed to casualty tends to be slower, but oftentimes has more staying power as far as market conditions.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: We'll go next to Katie Sakys, Autonomous Research.
Katie Sakys: Yeah, thank you. Good evening. My first question is on the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess loss ratio. I mean, it was an exceptional result this quarter on an underlying basis. I know for the Insurance segment, you guys caution not to read too much into the uptick in the underwriting ratio there. Perhaps you can offer us some color on the result in the reinsurance segment and really what you're thinking on the margins there as you look into 2025?
Rob Berkley: So, maybe going back to a couple of the comments earlier, obviously, we have reservations around some of the casualty lines and for that matter some of the professional within the reinsurance market, excuse me. In addition to that, on the other hand, we have the property market, we believe, is clearly under pressure. You could see that clear as day at 1/1, but we think that there continues to be margin in the business and for the moment, it's adequately priced. So, we are going to continue to ride that property horse as long as we can until we reach a conclusion that it no longer makes sense, and then you will see us go from an offensive posture to a defensive posture. As far as the casualty goes, I think we already covered that. That action on the reinsurance front was, again, demonstrated by us shrinking the book by more than 15% in the quarter. And again, I think that it's just a reflection of our view that we're capital managers. We're in business to make money. If we don't think it's a good risk-adjusted return, we're happy to let it go.
Katie Sakys: Got it. Okay. And then, circling back to your commentary, Rob, on the workers' comp growth this quarter, you've mentioned there were particular niches of workers' comp where you guys were seeing some opportunities for growth. Are those pockets of growth sustainable? And can we expect to continue to see some modest growth out of that line over the next couple of quarters, or are these niches that kind of pop up and come and go?
Rob Berkley: So obviously, again, nobody knows for sure what tomorrow will bring, but the couple of monoline businesses that participate in the specialty comp space, the momentum that they're enjoying today, we do not see that going away tomorrow. So, certainly, we think there will likely continue to be some opportunity throughout '25.
Katie Sakys: Okay. And then, if I may sneak in one more? Do you guys have any updates on your 2025 reinsurance program and how your catastrophe loss budget for this year might compare to 2024?
Rob Berkley: I would suggest -- I don't have it at my fingertips. I don't think Rich does, but you certainly if you give Karen a call, she can get into it in some detail or at least as much detail as we're allowed to. But I would remind you of the comment that we shared earlier around our property cat reinsurance risk-adjusted was down 15%-ish or so, and a similar reduction in risk-adjusted rate on the retro.
Katie Sakys: Got it. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions. Have a good night.
Operator: Next up is Bob Huang, Morgan Stanley.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Bob. Good evening.
Bob Huang: Good evening. So, quick question on -- like I'm curious your view on social inflation really. So, it does feel like plaintiff bar is more active in the Northeast and West Coast, in fact, something that California's Commissioner also touched on when it comes to L.A. Wildfire. Are there any particular geography in the US where you feel it could be represented like a higher risk area for social inflation? Like, is there a way to think about the Northeast, West Coast, Midwest, curious your way to think about it, is it shifting away from Florida and Georgia?
Rob Berkley: So, I mean, I would tell you that there are certain territories or states or really counties that are part of the country that are obviously more challenging than others. I think the difficulty is not the states that have historically been very challenging, but it's the ones that are changing very quickly. And from a legal environment perspective, we have some states that are very red and have always been red. We have some states that perhaps are more blue and they've always been blue. And now what's becoming more challenging is some states that were one color changing to a different color or some states, for example, that were perhaps once red and now they're more purple. I would tell you an example of a state that has shifted dramatically would be one that you just mentioned, the state of Georgia, where once upon a time, that was an easier place to do business, but it has become ever more aggressive as far as the plaintiff bar goes. Another state that once upon a time was defendant-friendly or more defendant-friendly would be Texas. And there are counties in Texas that I'm not quite sure they've become Cook County, but they are definitely trending in that direction. So, I think you raised a really important point. It's one that we internally spend a lot of time thinking about because this rate alone is a very blunt instrument and -- so are terms and conditions. My colleagues, to their credit, are obviously using the rate tool and the term and condition tool, but they are also, at a very granular level, down to county thinking about exposure based on legal environment. I think that has become and will become increasingly more and more something that this industry is going to have to grapple with.
Bob Huang: Got it. Okay. I guess my follow-up is just so that like I'm clear, then in that case, is it fair to say that some of the commercial casualty lines could potentially behave more similar to personal line in the sense where geography and region is more important than the business mix? Like, is that a fair statement down the road? Just curious as to if that is the direction of...
Rob Berkley: So, I assume that you're leaning in the direction of [nat cat] (ph), if you will, and what that means for exposure. You're extrapolating from that as far as legal environment by territory and what that means for exposure?
Bob Huang: Yeah. Just to see if that makes sense on your side.
Rob Berkley: So, the answer is to us, while it's a bit of a generalization directionally, not only do we share your view, we are applying that to how the business operates.
Bob Huang: Okay. Got it. Really appreciate it. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: And we'll go next to David Motemaden, Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Hey, good evening.
Rob Berkley: David, good evening.
David Motemaden: So, Rob, you spoke a little bit about some of the competitiveness in the casualty reinsurance market, and commend you guys for stepping back a little bit from that market. I guess, has that made you reevaluate at all your outward program? One of your peers purchased a little bit more coverage. Has that entered your thought process at all here as we -- or did that enter your thought process at all at the 1/1 renewal?
Rob Berkley: So, we're conscious of cost of capital, both the capital that we effectively own and the capital that we effectively rent, i.e., reinsurance. We also are conscious of the fact that there are some reinsurance relationships that are true partnerships, and there are other reinsurance relationships that are truly transactional. Those that are partnerships are ones that tend to endure time. From our perspective, our colleagues are very skilled in understanding where the marketplace is, and I think are attentive to making sure that we are doing what is in the best interest of our shareholders and simultaneously treating those that are truly our partners with the care and respect that they deserve. So, when the day is all done, we're conscious of where the market is and we're going to do what we think makes sense for this organization, its shareholders, and our long-term partners.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then, it was good to see the commercial auto growth tick up a little bit as well as the other liability growth in the quarter. I guess, are rates in those lines, are they at levels that are, I guess, good enough for you guys to continue to lean in as we head into 2025?
Rob Berkley: Obviously, we were satisfied with the available rate. Otherwise, we wouldn't have written the business, i.e., as you saw what we did in the reinsurance space. Today, given the rates that we were able to achieve, we're happy with it. I don't know what the rating environment will be for the balance of the year, but from my perspective, the loss activity that the marketplace is facing and some of our competitors have finally come into grips with reality is creating an opportunity for those of us that have been already grappling with that reality to move forward more quickly.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then, I know you guys didn't give the reserve development by segment. So, I'll follow-up with Karen. I guess, I'm just wondering...
Rob Berkley: It's like the one piece of paper I left in my office and it's a long haul and I got short legs. So, give Karen a call.
David Motemaden: Yeah, we'll do. I guess, there's obviously a lot more focus on the more recent accident years. I'm sure you guys are also laser-focused on that as well and we can see it in the pics. Any sort of incremental color that you can provide on that would be helpful.
Rob Berkley: I mean, nothing really beyond what we talked about. I think we continue to be very -- as we've mentioned even earlier in this call, we're very focused on auto liability. We're very focused on other product lines where there's the potential for injury to individual that seems to turbocharge social inflation. So, I think one needs to do it. Is social inflation impacting most liability lines or cash? Yes, the answer is, but it does not apply equally to all product lines. We are concerned about med mal. We are concerned about auto liability. We're even concerned about other types of coverage where you could have an individual or a group of people physically hurt. That seems to be where a jury will take someone to the woodshed. And we are doing what we need to do on that front as covered earlier from a rate perspective, from a selection perspective, from a terms and conditions perspective. And part of selection as discussed with our colleague a few moments ago is territory, jurisdiction, whatever, county.
David Motemaden: Yeah, understood. Thanks for that color. I appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thank you. Have a good night.
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields, KBW.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Meyer. Good afternoon or evening rather.
Meyer Shields: Hi, Rob. How are you?
Rob Berkley: Good. How are you?
Meyer Shields: I guess -- doing okay. Thanks. So, we spent some time talking about, like, these examples where bodily injury to individuals is exacerbating social inflation. How -- is the loss trend in those situations, is that getting worse, or is it just something that you're talking about now that you've been seeing internally for longer?
Rob Berkley: I think that it is just very apparent that that trend is a bit steeper, and that's not something new. It just has been, and I couldn't figure out what the heck to talk about today. So, I figured I should talk -- mention that.
Meyer Shields: Fair enough. Okay. When you talk about, I guess, the various court jurisdictions, so the one that stands out as a concern is older ones getting -- I'm sorry, better ones historically getting worse. How should we think about that in the context of longer tail -- or medium tail lines reserves?
Rob Berkley: I think for people who haven't been paying attention, it's likely for them to have some catch up to do. I think for people who have been paying -- I mean, what I was describing as far as Georgia, Texas, whatever, as just placeholders, this isn't like something that just happened last quarter. This has been a groundswell that has been percolating and we just happen to be talking about it tonight. But we've been talking about this internally for not what would be measured in quarters, what would be measured in years. So, the response to those realities, those are already well in place.
Meyer Shields: Okay, understood. Then, final quick question. You talked about a mix change impacting the ex-cat accident year loss ratio in the Insurance segment. How is it impacting the expense ratio, that mix change?
Rich Baio: I don't think it's having much of an impact on the expense ratio. What's really driving the movement, and as you saw, I think period-over-period, it only moved 0.10%. So, it's fairly small. So, I would say as it relates to the acquisition costs, we're not seeing huge changes, other than perhaps where there might be a change in the reinsurance structure that we have from one year to another year where we might have gone from a quota share to an excess of loss or vice versa. So, there would obviously be some differences in terms of where that runs through in the income statement.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next up is Brian Meredith, UBS.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Brian. Good evening.
Brian Meredith: Yeah, thanks. Hey, how are you doing? A couple of questions here for you, Rob. The first one, little big picture. So, a number of the standard commercial carriers have talked about and granted still small, growing in the E&S market, right, having E&S operations and they're growing there, I'm just curious kind of what your thoughts are there? Is that at all impeding on some of maybe your opportunities in the marketplace? Are you seeing that?
Rob Berkley: In the interest of time, I'm going to be direct, but I don't mean to be a bit disrespectful. We don't see them.
Brian Meredith: Good. That's helpful. And then, I guess the other one I'm curious about is maybe you can kind of flush out a little bit what's going on with Berkley One. I know that's been a good operation, growing kind of expectations here for 2025, homeowners insurance still a pretty hard market. Maybe give us some view on opportunity there?
Rob Berkley: So, look, I think the opportunity that existed yesterday, that exists today will be just as strong tomorrow. I think we have truly an exceptional team of people that are very skilled when it comes to managing the shareholders' capital. I think they have done truly a fantastic job in building a franchise that is not just accretive to their operation, but is truly accretive economically and brand wise to the group overall. And I think that their contribution to the profitability of the group in the 2025 year will be considerable.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Brian. Have a good evening.
Operator: And the next question is Josh Shanker, Bank of America.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good evening.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thank you very much. Hi there, everybody. I just want to maybe ask a little more specific question on Brian's Berkley One. Obviously, you don't write homeowners in California. There's certain things about that market that are unattractive [Technical Difficulty].
Rob Berkley: Josh, a, thanks for the question. And b, I think the Berkley One team, at this stage when it comes to homeowners, they're very focused on the opportunities in the markets that they're in. Will they add other markets over time? Yes. Is California in the [on-deck] (ph) circle? I think that there is a healthy recognition and appreciation and respect for the challenges that exist in that market on multiple levels. And consequently, I think the team has appropriately made the decision that this is not a distraction or that we would like to have today, not an area of focus for the foreseeable. And so, certainly for the people of California and that insurance market and those that participate there and other stakeholders, we wish them nothing but the best. But at this moment in time, we are very focused on other opportunities that are before us.
Josh Shanker: And I want to switch to an investment question. Over the long term, Berkley shareholders have been rewarded very well through some of the alternative investments that the Berkley has made over many years. It's not been really the case in 2024 in a year which has enjoyed very significant market appreciation for public equities. Can you talk a little bit about what you see for '25? Is the positioning of the portfolio potentially improved? Obviously, not going to make foolish investments overall, but what's been preventing Berkley from realizing the potential of that part of its strategy and what can we see in the future?
Rob Berkley: So, Josh, maybe a couple of quick comments. First off, as far as alternatives, Rich had flagged what we saw coming through in a couple of our investments, particularly in the unrealized associated with public securities. So, I think it was about $150 million, $160 million unrealized, which was I think pretty healthy for a 90-day period. Putting that aside as far as other areas of the alternative investment portfolio, I would suggest that one not leap to a conclusion. Obviously, oftentimes there is value that exists that may not necessarily be as visible. So, I understand your point about the '24 year. Again, no different than the underwriting or the investing on the public securities. Our focus is long-term risk-adjusted return. And sometimes in the alternative portfolio, that could be a little bit lumpy, but the focus on total return is not something that is lost on us today just like it wasn't lost on us tomorrow. But before we go any further on to any other questions or discussion you'd like to have, Josh, maybe I can turn it over to my boss here who takes a particular interest in the alternative investment portfolio.
Bill Berkley: Good evening, Josh. I think that our portfolio as a whole, especially our public company portfolio, had a very good year. I think that the performance for the year was adversely impacted primarily by one private equity fund that did not do well. It was a surprise to us on a couple of things. And it had a consequential adverse impact. We think that's behind us. But I think honestly, some of that private equity investing will be reduced as the available returns in more liquid markets are such that the advantage of private equity is somewhat diminished. That doesn't mean we won't take advantage of things when they come up, but our bogey is a little higher with a little less risk. So, it was no doubt a bump in the road, that can always happen, but I wouldn't expect it to be a problem going forward.
Rob Berkley: Josh, is there another question?
Josh Shanker: I will cede the evening to you gentlemen. Thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Josh. Have a good evening. Lisa, any other...
Operator: We do have one further question. It's Yaron Kinar from Jefferies.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Good evening.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good afternoon. This is Andrew on for Yaron. I was just hoping within insurance and short tail lines, some pretty good growth this year and particularly in the quarter. Can you help us just think about the drivers there? Was it property, inland marine, A&H?
Rob Berkley: Yes, yes and yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So, kind of all three is contributing.
Rob Berkley: Mainland property and inland marine, though it's not as big a play for us as property, but yes, mainland property.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And then, just on the 50-basis-points impact to current year picks, I know you mentioned it was business mix, but I would think with the growth in property that would be beneficial to the underlying. So, was perhaps that offset a bit by auto-related exposures or a different factor going on there?
Rich Baio: This is Rich. I think it's -- that's certainly part of the equation, but you also have to look at the contribution that the short tail lines make relative to the other casualty lines as well, which have higher loss ratios. So, if you look for instance at other liability and auto as an example, that represents close to 50% of the total book of business, which does have typically higher loss ratios than property or short tail lines.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I'll hand things back to Mr. Rob Berkley for any additional or closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Lisa, thank you very much for hosting us this evening, and thank you to all our participants for dialing in. I think I'll just flag, again, clearly an outstanding year, but that's a reflection of what we did yesterday, but perhaps equally, if not more important, is how we have set the table for 2025, and that is very well positioned. In addition to that, with every passing day, we are setting the table for '26. So, the business is firing on all cylinders, and we do not see that changing for the foreseeable. Thank you again for dialing in, and we look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days. Have a good evening.
Operator: And once again, everyone, that does conclude today's conference. We would like to thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley : Krista, thank you very much. And echoing Krista's comments, welcome to our Q3 call. In addition to me, on this end of the phone, you also have our Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley, and Chief Financial Officer, Rich Baio. We're going to follow a typical pattern, and that is Rich is shortly going to walk you through the highlights. I will then follow up with a few comments and then of course we're very happy to open it up to Q&A and address any questions participants would have. Before I hand it over to Rich, two points that I'd like to make. One, obviously, the third quarter and then more recently, even in the fourth quarter, there's been a significant amount of nat-CAT activity. And oftentimes on these calls or any industry discussions, as we've flagged in the past, people start talking about estimates and models and numbers, and those are all important and real to consider. That having been said, from our perspective, this has impacted countless people's lives, and that is not lost on us. So while we are certainly focused on the numbers and the economics, my colleagues and I are also acutely aware of the challenges that many people in this country are facing as a result of this CAT activity. Further, in addition to extending our concern to all those impacted, I'd like to thank our claims colleagues that are going above and beyond to ensure that we deliver on our promise to all of our policyholders that have been impacted by these events. So again, thinking of those impacted and sending thanks to those that are doing their job and making sure that we deliver on our promise. The second topic I did want to flag, and it really stems from a subject matter that has been getting greater attention more recently, and that is the growth in the specialty space and in particular the E&S market. I don't think it's lost on any of us, the pace of change in the world, how it seems to be accelerating, the level of complexity and risk continues to be on the rise. And certainly there are many contributing factors, but amongst those contributing factors without a doubt, be climate change, as well as social inflation. Both of these items are playing an important role in having a meaningful impact on the insurance industry. And quite frankly, as these two items are impacting loss cost trend, I think much of the standard market or and specifically the admitted market is having a difficult time pivoting. That is creating opportunity for, in particular, the non-admitted market. One of the pinch points that is not discussed as actively in the commercial lines market space as it is in the personalized market space, is the challenges on the regulatory front. There are many insurance departments that are struggling from a staffing perspective, and also we, in addition to that, we see the impact of politics creeping in as well. So as we look at the circumstance and we see this pinch point on the regulatory front, we think that that is likely to continue. That is likely to continue to drive more business into the specialty and in particular the E&S market. And by extension, we think that that is going to bode well for an organization such as ours with a particularly large footprint in the specialty space overall and in particular the E&S marketplace. So with that as a bit of a backdrop, I'm going to pause there and Rich I'll hand it over to you please.
Rich Baio : Great. Thanks, Rob. Good evening, everyone. Our record third quarter net income resulted in an increase of almost 10% over the prior year to $366 million, also contributing to a nine-month record net income of approximately $1.2 billion. We continue to generate outstanding returns on equity of 20% in the quarter and more than 21% year-to-date. Both strong underwriting and investment income contributed to our operating earnings of $374 million or $0.93 per share. Despite the above average catastrophic activity experienced by the industry, we've once again been able to demonstrate our careful and prudent underwriting discipline and in particular stability and earnings. Our calendar year combined ratio was 90.9% inclusive of 3.3 loss ratio points from several CAT events and 87.6% on an accident year ex-CAT basis. During the quarter, there were four hurricanes that made landfall, with Helene being the most destructive across several states and continuing SCS activity that contributed modestly to the total amount of CAT losses. Our net premiums written grew above $3 billion for the second consecutive quarter and continues to benefit our record net premiums earned, which increased 10.8% over the prior year. Current accident year underwriting income, excluding CATs, increased 13.4% to $362 million pre-tax, adjusted for CAT losses of $98 million and prior year favorable development of $1 million. Our current accident year loss ratio, ex-CAT, improved quarter-over-quarter by [1.5 points] (ph) to 59.1%, driven by business mix. We continue to invest in the business to drive efficiencies and better experience for our customers combined with new startup operating units that we've announced before. The combination of these items along with the changes in business mix and reinsurance structures have contributed to the increase in our expense ratio by 20 basis points to 28.5%. As previously communicated, we continue to believe that our expense ratio should remain comfortably below 30%. Turning to investments, pre-tax net investment income increased 20% to $324 million. Fixed maturity securities grew by more than $50 million with the Argentine inflation-linked securities normalizing to an amount commensurate with the prior year quarter. We do not anticipate much change on a prospective basis regarding these securities. However, do remind you that when modeling out 2025, you should factor in the elevated non-recurring income in the first and second quarters of 2024. Record operating cash flow in the quarter of $1.25 billion contributes to the record year-to-date cash flow of almost $2.9 billion. Combining the increase in investible assets with a new money rate that's higher than the roll-off book yield on our fixed maturity securities, we remain well-positioned for further investment income growth. The credit quality of the investment portfolio remains at a AA minus, and the duration is 2.4 years for the quarter. Foreign currency losses in the quarter of $25 million related to the US dollar weakening relative to most other currencies. As mentioned in the past, we actively manage our foreign currency exposure and you'll note an improvement in our currency translation adjustment in stockholders' equity, which offsets the amount in the income statement. The effective tax rate remains elevated relative to the prior year and has been the case in the first half of the year due to the contribution of foreign earnings taxed at rates greater than the US Statutory rate of 21%. This quarter was 23% and we expect the fourth quarter will likely revert to the high 23% to 24% area that we saw earlier in the year. Stockholders' equity increased above $8 billion for the first time to more than $8.4 billion. Strong earnings of $366 million coupled with an improvement in after-tax unrealized investment losses of $381 million and currency translation gains of $49 million fueled the increase. The company also returned total capital of $138 million, consisting of $95 million of special dividends, $31 million of regular dividends, and $12.5 million of share repurchases at an average price per share of $52.30. Our total capitalization remains strong, and our financial leverage ratio of 25.2%, is at its lowest level in almost two decades. Book value per share before share repurchases and dividends grew 10% in the quarter and 20.1% year-to-date. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Rob.
Rob Berkley : Rich, thank you. That was great. Let me just offer a couple of quick sound bites. I think Rich did a really thorough job in covering that. But a couple of thoughts from me. One, on the rate, the rate ex comp for the quarter came in at 8.4%. A little additional context, auto liability is leading the way and closely followed by excess and umbrella. As we've been talking about for some number of quarters, perhaps at this stage it can even be measured in years. The loss trend on the auto-line is something that we have been focused on. We feel good about where we are, but assuming this trend continues, we're going to need these additional dollars to make sure that we're well-positioned for claims getting settled tomorrow. Rich obviously covered the loss ratio. I think 62.4% was [three-ish] (ph) points of CATs, not a bad outcome given the frequency of severity for those that are part of the but-for-club. That's the 59.1%. That having been said, we've talked about this and talked about it, and I suspect we'll continue to talk about it. In our opinion, it's all about building book value with an eye towards risk-adjusted return and the concept of backing out cash as if they don't exist. You would have thought that would have run its course by now given every year we seem to have CATs as an industry. So again, from our perspective, when we measure the business, it is a 62.4%. Rich also covered the expense ratio. Just a couple of quick comments from me. One, at this stage, we have a couple of businesses that are not at scale but are in the process to scaling over time. I expect that as they grow, you're going to see the benefit of that increased earned premium and that will [iner] (ph) to the overall benefit of the group's expense ratio. That having been said, we are actively making investments as you would expect on the technology and data front in particular and that's not cheap, but we believe we will get a good return on the investment as well. Obviously, Rich talked about mix of business that can have an impact. I think the last piece that I would flag is the topic of reinsurance. By and large, we are a low-limits player, so our need to buy reinsurance is not the same as many of our peers that are far more dependent on reinsurance. We have absolutely no problem with our reinsurance partners making a profit. In fact, we expect and respect their need to make a reasonable risk-adjusted return. But every now and then, if you find oneself in market conditions where people are looking to take a more aggressive position or even gouge, we have the optionality to change our approach to reinsurance buying and that can impact the expense ratio as well. Lastly, Rich touched a lot on the FX piece and the various ways that it's impacting our P&L, but the punchline for me, as far as FX goes, Rich, you'll correct me if I'm wrong, but it was about $0.05 to us on the per share. Let me turn to investments for a moment and I'm going to take a brief trip-down memory lane, so I apologize in advance for that and thank all for indulging me. I think everyone recalls what was going on during the financial crisis. There was, excuse me, during the financial crisis -- and then again, during COVID, there was massive amounts of economic stimulation rammed into the system. When we saw that occurring, we had a view that there was no way that you were not going to see some level of inflation following that activity. It took a while to come through, but it did come through. And it came through in spades. Ultimately, the government took the action, one would expect and interest rates moved up, particularly on the short-end. We found ourselves with an inferred yield curve and we as an organization were rewarded for the decision to keep our duration short. Our investment income increased dramatically over a relatively short period of time. From our perspective looking forward, it is likely, in our opinion, more likely than not that yes, while inflation may be coming down, we don't think it is going to fall off a cliff. And our expectation is that short-term rates will come down, but they are perhaps not going to come down as quickly or as aggressively as some have suggested. In addition to that regardless of who you expect will be in the White House, there is no doubt if you take them at their word, which is a hard thing to do, but for purposes of conversation, if you take each candidate at their word, they are looking to grow the deficit by what would be measured by the trillions of dollars. So with that as a reality, from our perspective, it is inevitable that the federal government in this country, not dissimilar to other parts of the world, but certainly in this country will be growing its deficit and there is a real question about supply and demand for government debt going forward. So what does this all mean? It means from our perspective, we think you're going to see the yield curve take more and more of a traditional shape. We think that, that is going to create as we've discussed in the past, an opportunity for us to be nudging out our duration and simultaneously our book yields picking up. So speaking more specifically to our numbers today. As Rich mentioned earlier, the duration is sitting at 2.4 years. Our domestic book yield is 4.5%, our new money rate today on that is something north of 5%. We do not believe that we are going to have to give up much on that new money rate rather than what you will see is we will be taking that 2.4 years duration and nudging it out. As a reminder, for us, if you look at the average life of our loss reserves, it is just inside of 4 years. So given that reality, we have a lot of room to take that duration out. And that again, will allow us to maintain or actually improve the book yield from where it is today and quite frankly, maintain that new money rate at levels that I was referring to earlier. So let's get to the punch line, if we will, and then we'll turn the conversation to anywhere participants would like to take it. So what is the story? What is the -- I guess, the punch line? The punchline is this: the business continues to grow, the rate increases that we're getting, we believe is keeping up with trend, actually probably exceeding trend. So all things being equal. Our underwriting margin is likely to continue to improve. In addition to that, when you look at the contribution of the other part of our economic model, that being the investment portfolio, the fact of the matter is our new money rate is and will likely remain above our current book yield. Our cash flow remains exceptionally strong. Hence, the portfolio is growing and so what does that mean? That means investment income is going to continue to increase from here. So more underwriting income, more investment income is ultimately going to mean more earnings for the foreseeable future. And quite frankly, we think the business is as well-positioned today as it has ever been. So let me pause there. Krista, we will ask you to please open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Elyse. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. My first question just on the reserves, I think the movement was negligible in the quarter. Was there any movement within insurance versus reinsurance in terms of prior year reserve development?
Rob Berkley: To tell you the truth, Elyse, it was reasonably uneventful between the segments. I think, Rich, what was a couple of million going in the way?
Rob Berkley: [$3 million] (ph) favorable on the insurance and $2 million adverse on the reinsurance and monoline.
Rob Berkley: So not overly noteworthy.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then the premium growth did slow within insurance in the quarter. I believe it went from ex-workers' comp from around 13% to 14% to 9%. So it looks like the implied impact from exposure went from something in the range of 5% to 6% to flat given that you gave us, right that 8.4% ex-comp pricing. Just looking to just get some color on the exposure piece or just what went on within the premiums within insurance ex-comp in the quarter?
Rob Berkley: Yes. I mean, as you can -- I know I appreciate, Elyse, there is a lot of moving pieces, maybe just to call out the big ones. It would really be just referencing my comment earlier around the Auto-lines, in particular, and to a meaningful extent, the Excess and the Umbrella line. But those product lines are really no pun intended being driven by our view on Auto. So we have a view as to what rate adequacy is to my colleague's credit. They have drawn lines in the sand and they've been waiting for the marketplace to catch up to them and to share the view. So that had a meaningful impact on the quarter for what it's worth. And this is like way under the safe harbor comment. When we look at October, there is evidence that would suggest that the world is increasingly coming to the conclusion that we had already come to and is in the process of catching up. So when I look at the growth in the quarter, I would caution you not to assume that that's a new normal given the evidence we are seeing in October. I think it's likely that -- again, the world is quickly catching up to us.
Elyse Greenspan: So given that comment, Rob, would you expect, I guess you've kind of steered us in the direction of expecting 10% to 15% top line growth based on how you see October, as well as your view for next year or would you expect to be back in the Q4 and then in 2025?
Rob Berkley: I don't have a perfect crystal ball, but I continue to believe given the breadth of our offering and the -- I believe that we as an organization, on an annual basis, should be able to grow between that 10% and 15%. As I think I've suggested to you and others, there could be a quarter where we exceed that. There could be a quarter where we come in below that. But yes on an annual basis, I continue to believe that we, as an organization, should be running at that level.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Rob. Good afternoon.
Rob Cox: So I was hoping to dive into loss trend a little bit. I think looking back a few years ago, you guys might have noted that or implied that it was in sort of the 5% to 6% range. So I was just curious any thoughts or any color you could provide on the loss trend in insurance today? And is financial inflation coming down a reason to maybe loosen the loss trend assumptions in some places at this point?
Rob Berkley: Well, Rob, I don't remember exactly what we may have said some number of years ago. I don't even remember what I had for lunch today at this stage. But let me give you a little color as to how we think about it. As I said earlier, ex-comp we got 8.4%. I believe that we are comfortably in excess of trend at that level. Obviously, it varies greatly by product line, but we are very focused on making sure that rate adequacy continues to be the priority for us. So we are not in a position to be able to start giving you what do we use by -- for trend by product line or even give you a blended number at this stage. But I think you hopefully can take comfort as I do that at 8.4%, we are clearing the hurdle by a margin. That having been said, as we've also said in the past, and this I have a pretty clear recollection of, is that we understand and have a respect for the unknown. And while I think there are others perhaps in the marketplace that have a firm view on what loss trend is and to the extent that they are coming in, in excess of that, they will be dropping their pick. And obviously, it is for them to decide how they operate their business. But from our perspective, given the uncertainties of the insurance industry, we are not going to get ahead of ourselves. And one would have thought even what has transpired and how the industry has been impacted by social inflation, people would have learned from that and elected to err on the side of caution. As far as shorter tail lines in your question, clearly, financial inflation was one of the big drivers for short tail lines. We saw and obviously, property and there was a meaningful impact on the auto physical damage line as well. Without a doubt, a lot of the pressure that was stemming from a more inflationary environment has subsided and that is giving a bit of a relief. That having been said, I would suggest to you on the social inflation front, particularly impacting many of the liability lines, I think that -- that is as challenging as ever is probably the right way to characterize it.
Rob Cox: Very helpful and very comprehensive. Thank you, Rob. Maybe just as a follow-up on hurricane - on the hurricanes this quarter and into 4Q. Clearly, some really unfortunate losses there in a number of levels from the recent storms. Do you have a sense of how the market might react from a pricing perspective kind of across admitted E&S and reinsurance? And any impacts outside of the Southeast?
Rob Berkley: I think it is a little bit early to reach a conclusion on that. I think we are going to -- at this stage, the outcome of both storms you referenced, and particularly Milton, I don't think that has really come into a very sharp focus, and we are going to just have to see where things settle out. I think the reinsurance marketplace is doing what it can to position itself as I understand it, for flat and my expectation is that unless Milton proves to be uglier, it is going to be a challenge for them to actually achieve flat. As far as the insurance marketplace goes, we'll see how it unfolds, and we are going to have to see what the losses are. I think with Helena, the real challenge there was much of the loss occurred in ZIP codes, where this type of natural catastrophe isn't supposed to happen. So you have a lot of people that's taking a very big step backwards and trying to grapple with. What does this mean for exposure? What does this mean for adequate pricing. So that was a long-winded answer, the short answer is I think it is still in the process of coming into focus.
Rob Cox: Thanks Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley : Good afternoon, Andrew.
Andrew Kligerman: Hi, good afternoon. Hey, good to talk to you. So back on the net written premium element. So overall, you came in, I think close to 8% in insurance, a little shy of the 10% to 15%, but as you mentioned earlier, it could bump around Q-to-Q. What -- I'd like to get a sense of is kind of the outlook. Am I understanding it right? So short-term premium was up low double digit. It seems to me since it's in the --.
Rob Berkley: Sorry. When you say short-term premium, are you [referred tail] (ph)?
Andrew Kligerman: I meant short tail. I'm sorry. So Short-tail lines up low double digit. And my sense there is you're seeing a fair amount of PIF growth where in contrast, other liability, auto, professional liability with those lines being up in the low single digits premium-wise, net written premium, it would strike me that PIF is going backwards. Am I reading that properly? [indiscernible]
Rob Berkley: You are correct. On the Auto-line, our exposure is shrinking at a pretty healthy pace during the quarter for the reasons that I suggested. And our hope is between now in the end of the year, maybe spilling over into early next year, you're going to continue to see more discipline coming in, and we were -- early signs were somewhat encouraging during the month of October. In addition to that, the workers' comp-line, which was pretty much flat. Please understand part of the exposure is not as being payrolls and wage inflation, is playing a role in that as well. So in many cases, our exposure is coming down there as well. So as always, we are looking for where we believe the margin is, and we are leaning into that in places where we have a view that a more defensive posture is appropriate. We are not going to compromise on our underwriting. And sometimes there is a lag for the world to catch up to you. And I think that's what we are seeing in the auto-line. But again, we're encouraged in this month, at least the world seems to be waking up to that reality. As far as the reinsurance front, pivoting over to that segment, the growth that you are seeing in, particularly on the property is just a reflection of market conditions, and we still like the trade there. The flatness that you are seeing on the casualty lines, is really just a reflection of ours. And we've commented for some number of quarters on this, our dissatisfaction with the economics and quite frankly, the [ceding] (ph) commissions, they need to come down and that's what's led to our position there.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And just rounding that out Rob, it sounds like you like the short tail lines? That's a PIF grower. And then the other liability and professional are kind of dipping a little bit in-line with auto with the discipline you're showing. Is that fair?
Rob Berkley: I think I would characterize it -- Rich, the other liability was -- I don't have it in front of me, I have it in mostly 9%. Yes. I think that there's just a lot of pieces that are moving around. The E&S in particular is growing quite a bit. On the other hand, some of the things that we talked about as it relates to the admitted casualty, that is more challenging.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And then just lastly on prior year developments. Anything of note in the 2020 to 2023 accident years?
Rob Berkley: Rich anything that is noteworthy during those years that you wanted to flag?
Rich Baio: I would say it is consistent with what we've been communicating previously and what you've said in terms of the commercial auto liability being an area that is a key focus for us.
Andrew Kligerman: Key focus, meaning that you had maybe a bump or an unfavorable or just pretty steady?
Rob Berkley: I don't have the numbers exactly in front of me, but we had a little bit of noise coming out of the commercial auto liability, nothing particularly overwhelming but certainly evidence of that product line is positioned for a need of change.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good evening. Thanks. My first question, Rob, when you talk about the non-admitted market, E&S. Are you speaking specifically to the kind of the statutory US definition, we can kind of track on a yearly basis, what you're -- how much US stamped, I guess, E&S you have? Or do you also kind of includes the way you guys think about it kind of non-US that might not be able to data run or see on paper?
Rob Berkley: So certainly, a meaningful percentage of what we write non-admitted is through Lloyd's. So Mike, I guess, to your question, you're seeing the US carriers, but I don't think you're picking up the Lloyd's piece would be my guess.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. Thats what I thought. And just -- I don't know if we don't have -- this has to be a that educational. But is the Lloyd's business, is it very different than kind of the US E&S business that makes up the majority of what you do? Is it on a large account versus a small account or anything notable there?
Rob Berkley: The vast majority of what we do in Lloyd's is US-centric. And while there is some, if you will shared and layered a huge percentage of it is smaller accounts as well. So it's generally speaking, a reflection of our overall philosophy, but they do participate in some shared in Lloyd.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And I think it was clear, your answers to kind of your view of revenue growth going forward. But just curious Marsh McLennan, for example, will release an index of pricing by line of business and excess casualty/umbrella has accelerated meaningfully quarter-over-quarter to maybe plus 20% levels. Maybe that's more of a large account phenomenon, which you don't play in as much. But I just kind of get -- trying to understand whether you feel like there's more potential to play offense, specifically in social inflationary lines to the extent you do continue to see pricing move north.
Rob Berkley: The way I would answer that, Mike is we pay attention to different parts of the market. We have a view as to what the margin is and where we think the opportunities are, we are going to lean into it. And where we think, again a more defensive posture is appropriate, we will do so. So do I think that there is meaningful opportunity in the excess and umbrella space to capture the additional rate? Yes, I do. Do I believe my colleagues are executing on that? Yes, I do. But please keep in mind, while we participate with some of the larger accounts, Again the vast majority of what we do is on the smaller end of town. And there is plenty of opportunity there to get more rate, and we are doing it.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you. Thats all I have.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you, good afternoon.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mark, good afternoon.
Mark Hughes: I think you had mentioned that the improvement in the current accident year was business mix. I wanted to make sure that I heard that properly. And then Rob, I thought you might have said that with the rates exceeding the loss trend, the underwriting margin should continue to improve. How should I think about those two statements?
Rob Berkley: I think -- well, two things. First off, as far as the business mix, we were pleased with the progress that has been made on the property ex-CAT front or the attritional loss ratio. I think that's something we talked about, I don't know  I probably lose track of time a year, 18 months, two years ago, and my colleagues have done a great job in getting us to a better place and that has coming through in the loss ratio. I think, as far as the rate increase and how that's going to come through, look we have a view on trend, and we have an understanding of how much rate we're getting and the delta between the two in theory should ultimately [enter] (ph) to the benefit of the margin. But we are not in a rush to declare victory prematurely.
Mark Hughes: And then the tax rate for next year, what should we think about that?
Rob Berkley: You should think about it being too much. Rich, do you want to comment on it?
Rich Baio: I would say that based on where our foreign earnings are today, if we continue down that path, I would think you'd expect -- we would expect a rate that's commensurate with what we're showing this year, which I would say, would be somewhere in that 23.5% to 24% area. But as Rob alluded to, we're certainly looking at ways to try and keep that rate down as much as we can.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley : Hi, Josh. Good afternoon.
Joshua Shanker: Good afternoon. How you are all doing?
Rob Berkley : Doing fine, thank you. Hopefully you're well.
Joshua Shanker: Wonderful. Thank you very much. Rich may have said it, where is the new money yield on purchases going on right now for the portfolio?
Rob Berkley: I think it was me and got slightly over 5%. I'd use more than 5%, less than 5.25%. Those are the bookends for you.
Joshua Shanker: And is that being purchased at a different duration than that [indiscernible].
Rob Berkley: Just to be clear, that's on the domestic. So you would compare that to the 4.5% that we flagged earlier.
Joshua Shanker: Is the duration -- are you choosing to -- is there a lengthening going on given the changes in the yield curve behavior?
Rob Berkley: Incremental so far. But we'll see what cost over time.
Joshua Shanker: That's exactly what I mean. What would we need to see for you to say that longer is better?
Rob Berkley: I think, Josh, we probably don't have a specific answer, but what I can tell you is we're playing close attention to it, watching it every day. And we'll see how the story unfolds, but I don't have a specific road map that I'm in a position to share with you at this time.
Joshua Shanker: And is credit at all a concern -- I mean, it's always a concern, but given outlook for things, are you incrementally more concerned or less concerned about credit compared to where you were a year ago?
Rob Berkley: I think we are always concerned about credit, and that's why as Rich flagged, we are maintaining a very strong AA- on the credit quality of the fixed income portfolio. And you will not see us compromising on quality just to try and fluff up the book yield, if you will. We saw colleagues doing that, quite frankly, during the financial crisis where they -- as well as in during COVID where they compromised on duration and compromise on quality, and that's just not something we're going to do.
Joshua Shanker: All right. Well, thank you for all the answers.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions Josh.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley : Hi, David. Good afternoon.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Hi, good afternoon. Rob, I had a question just on the insurance business. So the 60.2% accident year loss ratio ex-CAT improved 50 basis points year-over-year. Sounds like all of that was mix and some of the progress you guys have been making on some of those fire losses from a bit ago. I guess I just wanted to see if there is anything unsustainable in the result as well that might be flattering things from maybe like a light non-cap property perspective or anything else that you would highlight?
Rob Berkley: So look, obviously we'll know through the passage of time, but the biggest contributor to the improvement that you are referencing was the attritional loss ratio associated with the property. So do I think we just got lucky? My sense is when I look at it, I don't think that's necessarily the case. I think we have many colleagues that are working really hard and have improved the situation. And you are seeing it come through. But again, that's my sense based on what I have seen, we'll see more over time.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. And then I guess, is that something that -- I mean, is that like fully in the numbers now? Or is that something like we should continue to see that improvement going forward specifically on that attritional property book?
Rob Berkley: David, not trying to be difficult, but they are what they are as we share them with you, and that's us being completely transparent. Could it get better from here? Yes, it could. Could it somehow take a step back? Yes. I mean, I can't guarantee or promise exactly what tomorrow will bring. But based on my look at it. I'm encouraged by the progress that has been made, and I think it is a reflection of the efforts of many of our colleagues.
David Motemaden: Got it. Great. Thats helpful. And then maybe I saw this in the 10-Q in the first quarter and the second quarter. It looked like there was some adverse that you guys -- adverse PYD that you guys have taken on the other liability line of business for accident year '21. And I guess I'm just wondering if that continued here in the third quarter and also just how accident year 2022 and 2023 are holding up?
Rob Berkley: I think as opposed to getting into that detail, we'll have a lot of it in the queue and ask that once you have a chance to flip through the queue, if you have any questions, please reach out to us.
David Motemaden: Okay, sounds good. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: But for what it's worth, there's nothing, as Rich suggested earlier, there is nothing concerning or alarming from our perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley : Hi, Ryan. Good afternoon.
Ryan Tunis: Hi Rob, good afternoon. I guess just the first question, thinking about the 10% to 15% growth and trying to figure out if I'm thinking about this right. So is it what you're really saying is you think that Berkley is a 10% to 15% grower but you flagged some risk reduction or remediation or what have you commercial auto over the next few quarters? And perhaps while you are doing that, it might be more of a challenge to do 10% to 15%. I'm just trying to understand, am I thinking about that, right, that the 10% to 15% is sort of a longer-term view?
Rob Berkley: Let me at least try to answer your question. I think what we have suggested and are trying to suggest today on an annual basis, we believe the business can grow at 10% to 15%. In addition, as we suggested in the past, there could be a quarter where we grow more, there could be a quarter that we'd grow less. Ultimately for us, while we certainly would like to grow, underwriting margin is king, queen whatever label you'd like to use. When we look out at the marketplace during the quarter, we took some action as it relates to auto, in particular, and quite frankly, a few other lines related to auto. As a result of that, that slowed the growth. One of the things that at least I was trying to suggest earlier is it would seem as though. The issues that we have identified parts of the market are starting to more actively grapple with those in October, and that would provide some encouragement that you will see what I would view as a one-off quarter headwind, maybe subsiding somewhat. So as I suggested earlier, long story short Ryan, I am not of the view that we are changing the position that the business should be on an annual basis able to grow 10% to 15%. I was merely trying to unpack the quarter a little bit and help you understand what that speed bump is which I believe is becoming less and less of an issue based on what we saw in October.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Then just a follow-up, just a couple of quick ones on CATs. First of all, I'd be curious what your loss was from Helene? And then second of all, I know you don't want to give a number for Milton. But if I look back to the Ian quarter a couple of years ago, it was about $100 million of CATs. Can you say directionally like could it be that big again given the growth or probably from a [donor] (ph) standpoint, this is [indiscernible]. For Milton. Correct. So, for, for Helena or Milton, what was those?
Rob Berkley: For Helena, I think you should assume about half of it, give or take, was Helena related. Then there were some other CAT activity, as Rich referenced, though Helena obviously got all the attention. There were some other losses going on. Switching over to Milton, I think it is premature for us or for that to really give you a specific number. But as I think whatever the outcome would be, it will be sitting within what you would expect from this organization as far as the size of the loss. And as you've heard from Rich, you've heard from my boss, you've heard from me, we pay very close attention to the topic of volatility, whether it be on the underwriting side or the investment side. So that's probably about as much color as I can give you on Milton, but I don't think that there is something that's going to come out of that, that's going to make anyone pause severely.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Alex Scott: Hi, good afternoon.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon.
Alex Scott: Hi. So I wanted to ask you a question about capital. You guys have been growing a little bit less as you're doing some work on some different lines. And externally, it's always hard to sort of judge how much dry powder a company may have in capacity to sort of lean into opportunities as they rise, you have. And so I would just be interested to know -- how do you think about that? And then maybe if you could just refresh us on sort of pecking order at this point with pricing getting better and some good signs but not putting it into growth as much right now. How do you approach share buybacks and special dividends and so forth?
Rob Berkley: So from our perspective, the company has a comfortable surplus of capital plus. And again, anyone who has a real curiosity can go through the painstaking experience of perhaps taking the S&P model and taking our data and running it through. And you will get a large surplus or excess of capital, which is there to allow us to be opportunistic. Arguably, we have more capital than even one would need to maintain that position. And as we see opportunities, we will be returning that to those that belongs to specifically our shareholders. So long story short, we have an excess of capital in the company at this stage is generating capital more quickly than we can utilize it. So it's a reasonable assumption that we will continue to opportunistically look for ways to return the capital to shareholders while still maintaining a comfortable balance plus.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thats helpful. As a follow-up, I wanted to ask about reserves. I mean, it's no secret that some external folks struggle with looking at the disclosures on more recent accident years and myself included in that. And it's hard from the outside. So I wanted to ask you, like what are the some of the nuances to it? What are some of the things that when you all look at the more recent accident years? And maybe it is an update on the paid loss ratios you're seeing, I don't know. But what are some of the things that give you more confidence than I've had?
Rob Berkley: Well again, I'm not sure I fully understand all the reservations you or others have, but Id suggest that it's really a couple of things. We've talked about the paid loss ratio in the past, and we're happy to pick up that conversation anytime anyone wishes to. In addition to that, we've talked about the strength of our IBNR compared to total reserves, as well as the strength of our IBNR relative to case, and you can see that trend. And then in addition to that, I think on the last call or two, we talked about our initial IBNR relative to our earned premium, Rich, which we brought back to people's attention because I think, there were some question with the other metrics we were putting forth. Well, how is that impacted by the fact that the business is growing? So that's why we try to draw people's attention to the initial IBNR relative to earned, which should take into account growth. In addition to that, I think that there are a lot of folks that before they reach conclusions, they need to unpack our mix of business with greater granularity. And there are some people that have offered a view on the more recent years and how we've thought about those reserves without having a full appreciation for in some cases where we're using a claims made form as opposed to an incurrence form or amongst other mixes of business. So we look at our loss reserves, very regularly, every quarter, we look at it at a very granular level by operating business, by product line, and we look at the aggregate and we look at it in between the two. And from our perspective, ultimately we respect the fact that everyone is entitled to their opinion. At the same time, we are doing the best we can to try and help people understand but there is also a reality and it is going to be hard for us to prove it other than through the passage of time. I think the last point that I would raise, as it relates to the topic of reserves. I think the world oftentimes paints with a very broad brush. And when they see other market participants having to grapple with some challenging circumstances, they look at the product line particularly when it is casualty or liability exposure. And then they'll extrapolate and they'll say, well, this company over here had problems with this product line, so let's go out and look at who else would potentially have that exposure, and then they'll make this leap that, that is going to be an issue for everyone. And I think that, that can be a very slippery slope and would encourage people to invest the additional time and perhaps use a finer brush and recognizing that there is a greater distinction than perhaps I appreciate at base value.
Alex Scott: Got it. Very helpful perspective. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS Financial. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks for fitting me in. Two questions here for you. First one, Rich and Rob, you talked about some of these businesses that are kind of new and incubating right now, but should help the expense ratio, as they kind of come online and you put them into your results. Is there any way you can kind of give us some quantification about how much premium is sitting in these businesses and what benefit they could potentially have from a premium perspective looking over the next 12 months?
Rob Berkley: Hi, Rich, I don't know if you want to speak to that. I mean it will be back of the envelope. Brian, we can sort of [indiscernible] now -- or if you want something more specific, you're welcome to give us a call. Rich, what was your comment? Go on.
Rich Baio: There is four operating units that we've moved over from, I'll say, our corporate expense category into our underwriting expense category in the first quarter and round numbers, $25-plus million in net written premium in the quarter.
Brian Meredith: So that was the benefit in the quarter. Got it.
Rob Berkley: That's the premium that they contributed to the quarter. But I think maybe picking up on the point in taking it slightly further. Those businesses, by and large, are very much in the early stages of scaling, Brian. So as they scale you will see them become less dilutive to the expense ratio and hopefully, sooner rather than later neutral. And perhaps at some point, it will become accretive.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my second question, I think you may have talked about this in previous calls, but your investment funds, they've been for the last I would say, at least 18 months [turning] (ph) kind of below what your historical kind of returns on that -- those funds have been over time. Is that something we should expect going forward kind of lower returns there? Or is there something unusual going on right now? Should that kind of snap back here at some point?
Rob Berkley: I think that we're going to -- these we book on a quarterly lag and actually, it is at times, surprising to me how long it takes us to get the visibility. But I think the number in the short run that I would encourage you to consider is probably $10 million a quarter. And hopefully, over time, you're going to see that make its way back towards $20 million a quarter. But in the short run, I would encourage you to pencil in $10 million. But again Brian, waving my arms trying to offer all the qualifications. We believe in the returns over time, but in the short run, it can be lumpy, as you know.
Brian Meredith: Understood. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: We have no further questions in our queue at this time. I will now turn the conference back over to Rob Berkley for closing comments.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So before we say good bye. Actually, I don't have anything to add at this time, but I think our Chairman may have a few thoughts.
Bill Berkley: I would just like to add one comment that went along with the investment income question and that is our goal is to take advantage of the changing shape of the yield curve and move the duration of our portfolio out. On the other hand, if you look at the level of leverage in the world, there is not a rush to do that. At the same time, weve no interest at all, as Rob said of lowering the quality, if anything, the kinds of things we bought in the past quarter have been probably average of AA, not AA-. It's an opportunistic strategy that's geared to the view that we don't think rates are going to go down a lot, especially on the longer side. And therefore, we can continue to invest. And it's not only reinvesting the money, but we're going to probably have $4 billion of cash flow. That's a lot of money to invest. So we are quite optimistic about our investment income, let alone our operating profit margins from underwriting. So we continue to see quality and duration improving as the yield concurrently going up.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Krista, thank you very much, and thank you to our participants. As suggested earlier, we think the business is well positioned, and we look forward to catching up with you in about 90 days. Thank you. Have a good evening.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements, some of which forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023, and our other filings made within the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Krista, thank you very much. We appreciate you getting us through that marathon of a safe harbor statement. And good afternoon to all, and welcome to our Q2 call. Thank you for finding the time, and thank you for the interest in the company. Along with me on the call, you have Bill Berkley, Executive Chair, as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the group. We're going to follow our typical agenda where momentarily I'll be handing it over to Rich, he'll run through some highlights for you all, he'll then flip it back to me, I'll offer a few of my own observations on both the industry as well as our quarter, and then we'll be pleased to open it up for Q&A. Before I hand it to Rich, I guess perhaps stating the obvious, clearly an active quarter of frequency of what I would define as severity, but perhaps relatively modest severity on the property front. From our perspective, it was an opportunity for this organization to differentiate itself as it does when there is severity on the property market front. And in spite of all the challenges, we were still able to deliver a 91% combined. I guess for those that subscribe to the [but for] (ph) club, it would be an 88%. But when we look at the goal of the exercise being to generate good risk-adjusted returns to build the book value, we are of the view that cats do count and so does net development. In our opinion, it's not just about the steps forward that you take, it's also about the steps backwards that you will avoid. And that is very much woven into how we approach the business on all fronts. So with that, I will hand it to Rich, and I will follow him in a couple of minutes. Rich, if you would, please.
Rich Baio: Of course. Thanks, Rob, and good evening, everyone. The company continues to perform well with a second quarter annualized return on beginning of year equity of 20% on a net income basis and 22.4% on an operating earnings basis. References to per share information in my comments and the earnings release have been adjusted for the 3-for-2 common stock split effected on July 10. Operating income increased approximately 35% to $418 million or $1.04 per share, driven by strong underwriting and investment income. Growth of 11.2% in net premiums written to a record $3.1 billion represents the first time above $3 billion for a quarter, and provides the opportunity for continued record setting net premiums earned beyond this quarter. The US dollar strengthens to many foreign currencies in the quarter, adversely impacting the growth rate by approximately 90 basis points, and accordingly would have been 12.1% excluding the foreign currency impact. We grew in both segments of our business, led by the Insurance segment with 12.2% growth unadjusted for foreign currency, and the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 3.5% led by property. Pre-tax underwriting income was $254 million, which included $90 million of catastrophe losses or 3.2 loss ratio points. Heightened catastrophe events during the quarter led to the increase in cat losses of 1.1 loss ratio points over the prior-year quarter, well below what we would expect will impact the industry. Our careful and prudent management of cat risks has continued to result in stability in earnings. Our accident year loss ratio, excluding cats, is at 59.4%, slightly below the prior year's 59.5%. The prior-year accident development was favorable by $1 million, combined with the previously mentioned cat losses brings our calendar year loss ratio to 62.6%. The expense ratio increased 40 basis points to 28.5%, primarily due to higher commissions from business mix and is relatively flat to the sequential quarter. We remain confident with our guidance that the expense ratio should be comfortably below 30%. Record pre-tax net investment income increased almost 52% to $372 million. The fixed maturity securities continue to drive results quarter-over-quarter with an increase of more than $100 million. In addition, net investment income from investment funds improved to $25 million in the quarter. The record operating cash flow through the first six months of $1.6 billion, combined with the ability to reinvest the roll-off of existing securities at higher yields, should continue to drive growth in net investment income quarter-over-quarter for the foreseeable future. The credit quality of the investment portfolio and duration remains at AA- and 2.5 years for the quarter. The effective tax rate was 23.7%, and will likely remain at this level throughout the remainder of the year due to the contribution of foreign earnings taxed at rates greater than the US statutory rate of 21%. Turning to capital management, the company returned total capital of $381 million, consisting of $224 million of share repurchases, $127 million of special dividends and $30 million of regular dividends. Stockholders' equity increased [4.3%] (ph) from the beginning of the year to $7.8 billion, while book value per share of $20.42 grew 5.4% over the same period. Book value per share before share repurchases and dividends grew 4.7% in the quarter and 9.7% on a year-to-date basis. With that, Rob, I'll turn it back to you.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thanks, Rich. That was great. A couple of comments from me, maybe starting on the more macro and the industry and then we can touch on our quarter as promised. So, from my perspective, the industry continues to be one that responds to pain. Pain is the catalyst for discipline and change. We see that from one product to another. I guess perhaps one analogy would be the cast may change, but generally speaking, the script does not change. Unfortunately, it's somewhat predictable. Speaking of change, certainly, we are seeing a bit of a tempering on the financial and economic inflation front. That having been said, social inflation shows no sign of abating. Social inflation is something that we have been very actively and loudly talking about going back to 2018 when we started to wave our arms and share with people what we were seeing in loss trend. One of the challenges, particularly as of late, and it's really in much of the country is there's a bit of resistance to in amongst many insurance departments and allowing carriers to get rate filings that they need to keep up with loss cost trend. That consequently has been creating and continued to create an opportunity in the specialty lines, in particular the E&S lines as the standard market is not able to get their rates to where they need to be, again, given what trend is driven by social inflation. I'm not going to get into every nook and cranny of every major commercial line, but I will flag that auto liability continues to be an area of concern, and obviously, by extension that can feed into the umbrella line. From our perspective, when you talk about social inflation, there is no product line that is more exposed than auto liability these days. Turning to our quarter, as Rich covered earlier, I would just point out the gross was up by 11.4%. As he mentioned, the net was up by 11.2%. The big delta there was a couple of fold. One was, at captive business, which continues to do exceptionally well. A few new operations that we started and when they're in their infancy and don't have much balance to them, we'll maybe be a bit more dependent on the reinsurance buy. And lastly, there was a moment post 1/1, but before everyone started to turn their attention to what could be a very active win season, the ILW market softened a little bit and we took advantage of that. As Rich mentioned, the 11.2% on the top-line was reasonably healthy growth. The rate coming in at 8.3% ex comp from our perspective should give comfort to others as it gives to us that we are keeping up with trend. That having been said, rate's important, but it's not the whole story. One needs to be conscious of what's happening with terms and conditions. And history would remind all of us that oftentimes terms and conditions can have a greater impact than rate on the outcome of underwriting. In addition to that, something that we talk about from time to time, but it's coming into sharper and sharper focus, and that is how there are certain territories or jurisdictions or venues that as far as a legal environment or a legal climate are changing and changing very rapidly. So, there are certain territories that once upon a time politically were red and that would spill over to the legal environment. We are seeing those change. And I wouldn't say that they're bright blue, but they are certainly evolving to something that's more of a shade of purple from our perspective. Rich touched on the expense ratio, again, reasonably stable there. Obviously, as he had mentioned earlier in the year and again touched on in his comments a few moments ago, new businesses that we started that are in their infancy are now incorporated into that until they get their critical mass, they're a bit of a drag on the expense side. And in addition to that, we are making some pretty chunky investments on the tech front as well as the data and analytics front. Loss ratio, the 62.6%, again, not bad given the time of year and what's going on with SCS and related. That having been said, we are always looking to try and improve upon that. There's a lot of chatter in the marketplace at the moment around losses and specifically around reserves. Look, when the day is all done, there's a one of the great challenges of this industry is you sell your product before you know your cost of goods sold. None of us know what tomorrow will bring. None of us know what a jury is going to do. That having been said, as we have commented countless times over the past several years, particularly in light of the commentary, the questioning and occasionally the chastising that we've received for in spite of all the rate we've gotten, how is it that you are not dropping our [losses] (ph). Our response has been consistently that we have a respect for the unknown. We have an appreciation for what's going on with social inflation. And consequently early on we are going to hold our picks at a higher level and they will season out over time as we have more information. A couple of data points that I thought could be possibly helpful is the paid loss ratio continues to run-in the mid-40%. When we look back at how much rate we have gotten since 2019, all lines ex comp on the insurance front are approximately 68% that's cumulative of course. And finally, another data point since some people have suggested that the paid loss ratio only tells part of the story because your business is growing. I'd add to that much of the business, its growth has been due to rate, but nevertheless, I would suggest that people could look at a different data point if it would be helpful to them that being initial IBNR relative to net earned premium. And if you go back in time and you look at that data, which we have, if you look at sort of the '16 to '19 period, that was running at somewhere between 31% and 34% ish. If you look at '20 to '23, that's running between 37.5% and 39%. So, as people think about the strength of our loss reserves, perhaps that would be a helpful data point. Pivoting over to the investment portfolio, Richie touched on this earlier, duration 2.5, strong AA-. The domestic book yield coming in at 4.5% and the new money rate, in spite of all the chatter around interest rates and where they're going so on and so forth, still starts with a 5%. And I would tell you it's probably flirting with 5.25% these days. Cash flow remains strong for the quarter with $880 million, $1.6 billion for the first half of the year. Maybe taking a half a step back and a little more of a macro front, I think some people have taken note that we played it reasonably well in how we positioned things for this rising interest rate environment. And after the quick acknowledgment of that, I think attention quickly turns to, so what are you doing now? What are you doing to make sure you set the table appropriately for tomorrow? And to make a long story short, we have a view that regardless of who ends up in the White House and regardless of who's sitting in what seat in Washington DC, this country has a serious issue with deficit and fundamentally a serious issue with spending. So, there is nothing that leads us to believe that that is going to be curtailed anytime soon. That having been said what compounds the challenge is that some of the largest buyers of US treasuries that being foreign buyers, specifically China and Japan. It's reasonably apparent that they, along with other foreign buyers, the appetite may not be there. So, when you put all of this together, our view is that even if short-term rates come down, you are likely to see the yield curve un-invert, and that will provide an opportunity for us to nudge our duration out. Obviously, around the election, there's a lot of commentary and speculation as to what leaders that will be in the White House will be doing going forward. I would just add the observation from our perspective. If we find ourselves in a situation where an administration takes a different view around immigration and we find ourselves further in a situation where certain parts of the labor market are no longer here to do those jobs. That will likely lead to greater inflation. Additionally, the idea of tariffs does quite frankly, all it does is raise the cost of products that will likely lead to inflation as well. Just pivoting quickly over to capital, Rich touched on the capital we've been returning. When the day is all done, the company at this stage for the foreseeable, we think is going to be growing at 10% to 15%. Could there be a quarter where we do a little more? A quarter we do a little less? Absolutely, but that's sort of the strike zone as we see it. But at the same time, we're generating returns and give or take high teens, low 20%s pretty consistently, and there's a lot of visibility around that from our perspective, so our ability to return capital for the foreseeable -- it's pretty robust. When you layer that on top of, I think, the view, if you take a close look at the analysis any of the rating agencies have done, we are an exceptionally strong place to begin with. So we'll have to see what tomorrow brings. But there is a lot of flexibility that the organization enjoys at this stage. So, I will pause there and, Krista, we would be pleased to open it up for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Elyse. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon as well. My first question, you hit on in your comments, right, a lot of interest in reserves these days across the industry. I know you guys said you released $1 million in the quarter. Could you just provide some more color, be it the breakdown between insurance and reinsurance or anything by accident year, just to give us a sense of what's going on within that?
Rob Berkley: Why don't -- Rich has the insurance versus reinsurance. And if you're looking for more detail, I would suggest that if you don't mind, Elyse, just follow up with Rich and Karen and they'll give you as much detail as they're legally allowed to.
Rich Baio: So, on the Insurance segment, we developed favorably by $2.5 million. And on the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment, we developed unfavorably by $1.5 million. So that's headed down to the $1 million.
Rob Berkley: I would just add there's a lot of gives and takes on each one of those, depending on the product line. And for our purposes, we're looking at it by operating unit, by product line.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then maybe another one for Rich. You guys had given some guidance on the Argentinian inflation-linked securities. Where did that come in in the quarter? And do you have a sense of what that could provide in the third quarter?
Rich Baio: So, in the second quarter, we wound up reporting $63 million on inflation linkers. So, it was within the high end of the range. And then, if you were to look at a normalized level with regards to the linkers on a go-forward basis looking out over the next few quarters, we would anticipate, depending on inflation, where it goes, it could be somewhere between $20 million and $30 million.
Rob Berkley: And just to add to that, Rich, maybe what you were just sharing is sort of contribution and what it means on operating. If you could circle back and give Elyse a sense what it means on the net as well because of the FX fees and so on? Because I think it's important that people have the full picture on this.
Rich Baio: Absolutely. So, in the quarter, one of the things that you'll have noticed is that we had about $58 million of losses on I'll say a realized/unrealized capital gain perspective. There's a number of moving pieces in there. But to Rob's point, there's about $50 million of foreign currency losses that are reflected in that number. So that would offset the $63 million that we reflected in net investment income. So, on a net income basis pre-tax, you have about $13 million of impact, if you will impacting the net income. And if we were to look out into the foreseeable quarters, you'll likely see a similar situation arise where FX will largely offset the impact that's coming through on the net investment income side.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And one last one. Rob, you said 8.3% rate ex workers' comp in the quarter. I think that went up 50 basis -- that went up 50 basis points sequentially. What was the driver of the increase?
Rob Berkley: We charged more.
Elyse Greenspan: Well, which lines contributed?
Rob Berkley: I have the aggregate in front of me. Elyse, if you want to circle back with us, we'd be happy to and share it with you. But what I would tell you is probably auto is the leading candidate. So, when you look at -- maybe, just -- maybe more than you're looking for, but I'll throw it out there anyways. When you look at the growth, for example, where we break it out in the release, the auto line is growing at almost 16%. What's driving that is rate, rate, rate per the comments earlier. So, auto is the leading candidate these days.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Rob. Good afternoon.
Rob Cox: Hey, good afternoon. I appreciate you taking the question. Yeah, I just wanted to go back to reserves. Rob, you mentioned some bigger movements. I don't know if that's bigger than usual this quarter between product lines, but any further color on the reserve movements by product line?
Rob Berkley: Sorry. I don't recall commenting on reserves by product line. Rich, did you hear something by product line?
Rich Baio: No.
Rob Berkley: Yeah. So, there was no commentary on that, Rob. I'm not quite sure what you're referring to, excuse me.
Rob Cox: I was just commenting on how you said there was like, puts and takes, I think by product...
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I mean ultimately, the point that I was trying to articulate was that we got 60 different businesses that make up the group, and we're looking at both in the aggregate as well as at a very granular level. So, when you hear about the development that Rich looked at, I think that the reality is that there are a lot of pluses and minuses, and that's just where it came out to, but as far as specifics as it relates to what's happening, that'll probably be more detail in the Q.
Rob Cox: Okay. Got it. Thanks. And then, just as a follow up, I wanted to just go back to some of the comments from last quarter on raising some IBNR in the insurance picks, and if there was any movement in sort of how you guys looked at loss trend across product lines within the Insurance segment this quarter?
Rob Berkley: Well, honestly, Rob, I don't have a clear recollection of what you're referring to. I think, generally speaking, we feel pretty good about our picks, but as mentioned earlier, alluded to earlier, we're paying close attention to the auto liability line.
Rob Cox: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good afternoon.
Josh Shanker: Hi. I'm going to get my chances on reserves.
Rob Berkley: Okay.
Josh Shanker: We'll see what I can find. So, one of your competitors, or maybe one of your peers, I should say, said there's been an elongation in the pace of when claims are being paid. And being paid at a higher level of severity. To the extent that -- that doesn't mean you couldn't have reserved and anticipated for, but is there another pig that the python has swallowed for the industry in '22 and '23 that the claims are coming in differently than they would have looking at the trends from the years prior?
Rob Berkley: Nothing that's noteworthy from our perspective. Josh, we're not the biggest property shop that you cover, but we certainly do play in the space. And at this stage, we're not noticing any meaningful pattern of an elongation of the property claims tail.
Josh Shanker: And you cited, of course, the difficulties persistently with a line like commercial auto liability when you talk about how much IBNR you're putting up, are there certain lines that are getting that special IBNR focus that are driving that in particular?
Rob Berkley: I think. Really what we're focused on, Josh, is the claims environment and making sure that we are acutely aware of where that is going. We have taken a tremendous amount of rate and a variety of other actions, and we continue to pay close attention to that. And when I was making the comment earlier about being sensitive to different legal venues, that would certainly apply to commercial auto or auto liability, if you like. So, when we look at that product line, are we trying to make sure that we are approaching it with the appropriate level of caution? Absolutely.
Josh Shanker: And if I can sneak one more in for Rich. And I guess in past quarters, we're talking about the high interest yield opportunity in fixed income markets. And I think it was said that the appetite for the proportion of income going into alternative strategies will be lower given how much money you can make in bonds, but I notice the proportion of alts has been creeping up over time. Is that just an unusual quirk? Are you seeing different opportunities in the alternative markets that you couldn't see six and twelve months ago.
Rich Baio: Josh, I think it's really more around commitments that we make, so as you can imagine, these are private equity like investments and so when you make an investment in a particular fund, you're committing to a certain amount of capital over time. So that's what's giving rise to the increase in the dollars that are showing up there, if that's what your question is.
Rob Berkley: But I would just add to Rich's comments, Josh, we are -- given where interest rates are, from our perspective, alternatives are really not of great interest to us going forward. Could there be an exception here or there? Absolutely. We are very pleased with the opportunity that the fixed income market offers, and I think you will see us continue to lean into that at this stage.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for all the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO Capital markets. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good afternoon.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, Rob. Just curious, most of the attention on reserves has been coming from non-commercial auto actually, more recently. You've been showing and talking about kind of commercial auto continue to get increasing rate. Not that commercial auto has been a good guy for the industry in any way, but is there anything we should be reading through that you think the industry still has plenty of kind of issues to deal with, grapple with on commercial auto more so than the other non-auto...
Rob Berkley: What I'm trying to message Mike and probably not doing a great job, is that I think social inflation doesn't necessarily discriminate between lines. I think it is alive and well, and basically every liability line is exposed to it. That having been said, I think there are some liability lines that seem to be getting more tension from the plaintiff bar than others. From my perspective, auto liability has got the biggest bullseye on its chest. Does that mean Gl gets off scot free? Absolutely not. But that's sort of how we think about it, and that's what the data that we see would suggest.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. Switching gears a bit to the dynamics within the workers comp market. You all have been kind of clear that the profitability. Your view is that it's likely that the soft market is going to impact for profitability. And most of the commentary historically has been more on the severity side of the equation and negative pricing, but I wanted to your peers recently brought up that frequency was becoming a little less negative. I don't know if you also share that view or data that we should be thinking about the frequency component of workers' comp?
Rob Berkley: I think -- how long can it be so negative for, I think, is an appropriate question. But the piece of the puzzle that we have been most preoccupied with is the medical piece. And from our perspective, the comp benefit schedules in many states has been, some would say, suppressed. Other people would say just benefited from the fact that it prices off of Medicare. Much of it prices off of Medicare. The federal government and how it approaches Medicare pricing, I think we all know, is just a mechanism for them to transfer public cost to the private sector. And comp has benefited from that. But when the day is all done, we don't think that that will happen indefinitely. When you look at other product lines like private passenger auto and you see the shift in trend around medical cost for claims, I think that that would be another data point. Mike, I think as we perhaps have talked about in the not too distant past, you can look to a state like Florida and the action that they took as it relates to benefits. So, I'm sure that it can't be a negative trend with the same pace that it's been on the frequency front indefinitely. But the -- in our opinion, one of the big wildcards out there is medical trend, and we think that that's going to come home to roost.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. And lastly, in your prepared remarks, Rob, you talked about, I might have what you said, I don't have live transcript open, but some resistance allowing carriers to kind of get the rate they need to queue up loss cost trend. I had thought that's more of a personal lines phenomenon, and you're not really much of a personal lines...
Rob Berkley: My comments were not focused on personal lines, though clearly to your point that it's a real issue for personal lines. We've seen it in certain states where it's proven to be really problematic and leads to a dislocation in capacity in the marketplace or availability of capacity in the marketplace. That having been said, there are many insurance departments in this country that are resistant, that, a, are not operating in a very timely manner and, b, are in some cases quite resistant to allow carriers on the commercial line side to get the rate increases they need. So, when you look at the very healthy flow of business into the specialty market and the E&S market, in particular, which we have been a great beneficiary of and continue to be. Part of the catalyst for that is standard markets are not able to get the rates that they need and consequently that is impacting their writings. And that creates opportunity for organizations like the one that I work for.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Interesting. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mark, good afternoon.
Mark Hughes: Good afternoon. Hello. Rich, you had suggested, I think, in your commentary that the investment income should continue to step up quarter-over-quarter for the foreseeable future. Is that also taking into account the drop-in contribution from the inflation linkers?
Rich Baio: Yeah. So, if you look at it on a prior year basis to the 2024 year, we would expect for the foreseeable future an increase in our net investment income.
Mark Hughes: When you say quarter-over-quarter...
Rob Berkley: Corresponding period. So, Q2 '24 versus Q2 '23, Q3 '24 versus Q3 '23, yes.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Got that. And then, the expense ratio in the reinsurance segment, Rob, I think you talked about some chunky investments and technology, that sort of thing. Would one expect the expense ratio in reinsurance to kind of stay at this level of 29% or so?
Rich Baio: Yes. But, obviously, a lot of that has to do with scale. So, as we've touched on, I think, in the past, much of the opportunity has been in the short-tail lines. We'll have to see how those opportunities persist. Further, our colleagues, to their credit and their underwriting discipline, have not found as much opportunity on the liability lines. So, is the 29% sustainable? Yeah, but a lot of that will be in part driven by whether the business is able to grow or remain the size it is, or if market conditions were to deteriorate dramatically, then it's possible that could tick up incrementally.
Mark Hughes: And when you think about growth, you pointed out that E&S has become more prominent perhaps. How much of the growth is coming from that mix shift in the E&S when we think about your top-line?
Rob Berkley: So, the E&S business is probably growing at, give or take, 50% more than the standard market rate. That's a bit of a generalization.
Mark Hughes: And is that -- 50%, is that a little bit better than say what it was this time last year, or does that [help put steady] (ph)?
Rob Berkley: Maybe incrementally better.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Good afternoon. How are you? First question, just what are  the cat losses within Insurance, almost $90 million, can you give us a feel of the driver of that? Was it the convective stuff in the US, or [indiscernible] international stuff?
Rob Berkley: That was primarily SCS in the US, right up the middle of the country.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess just on the capital return, I was going to ask how you think between dividends and share buyback, but then I noticed -- I mean, you see you guys doing these specials. But then I noticed that these specials have been almost as predictable from a time of the year standpoint as just the regular divvies. Can you just give us an idea of like why not increase just the common dividend by more and maybe get more credit for that rather than kind of pay these special dividends as though they're regular?
Rob Berkley: I think it just boils down to flexibility. We're pleased to share the capital with the shareholders, return it to them with consistency. At the same time, we don't know what the opportunity will be tomorrow. We don't know how the stock will trade tomorrow. So, we want to have flexibility as far as growing the business. We want to have flexibility around what we believe is the most sensible way to return capital to shareholders, whether it be repurchase, special dividend, so on and so forth.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Andrew. Good afternoon.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good evening -- hey, good afternoon, good evening. Friday was a pretty surreal day with that whole CrowdStrike cyber issue.
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
Andrew Kligerman: So, I'm kind of curious, could you frame W. R. Berkley's cyber exposure? And then, with that, what do you make of that for the industry and how it's going to affect the industry, whether it's pricing, loss costs, et cetera?
Rob Berkley: Well, I appreciate the question and it's certainly a topic that many of us around here have been scratching our heads over just kind of wondering and daydreaming what will come of it as far as market conditions. But when the day is all done, as far as our book goes, we don't -- is it -- will we have perhaps some level of loss activity? Yes, perhaps. But given what we know today, we don't see this being a material loss to the organization at this stage. When the day is all done, to the extent that some type of business interruption is offered, usually, there's an hours clause, if you like, associated with that, and consequently, given when the patch was available and how quickly people, particularly institutions that have some level of sophistication could get back on their feet, we think it'll prove to be manageable. So, I would be surprised if we didn't have any loss activity, but we certainly do not envision this being something of materiality or great consequence at this stage. That having been said, I think for -- what does it mean for the industry, what does it mean for society, I think we'll have to see over time, but I think for many, perhaps it was a reminder or a wake-up call for the systemic exposure that exists around much of the technology that the world uses to operate.
Andrew Kligerman: I see. That's helpful, Rob. And just quickly, I mean, as a percent of net written premium, like what proportion of your overall book might that size to?
Rob Berkley: Less than a couple of percent.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Okay. And then maybe just shifting back to the commercial auto, 16%, you said maybe all of that growth might have been rate. How comfortable are you with the 2024 book of commercial auto that you're writing? And what does that speak to your reserve adequacy from '21 to '23 on that same line?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Look, it's something that we are looking at very carefully. I think that we've -- in our picks, we thought that we are building in appropriately a bit of a risk margin with that period that you just referenced. We'll have to see how much risk margin there still is there, but at this time, we feel reasonably comfortable. That having been said, are we looking at it actively? And are we trying to grapple with how much do we need to charge today with the assumption that trend will continue on from here and when we settle the claims? Yeah, we are focused on it. So, at this stage, are we uncomfortable? No. Are we paying attention to it? Absolutely.
Andrew Kligerman: Awesome. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just had a question on the Insurance segment. So, the accident year loss ratio ex cat was flat year-over-year, increased a little bit versus the first quarter. I was wondering if you could just talk about some of the puts and takes within that? What was driving it to be up versus the first quarter? And just how we should think about that going forward?
Rob Berkley: Really, just to the extent -- I'm just trying to think for a moment, David. Really, the only big moves that -- and they weren't even big, they were just incremental, but we made in a couple of places, would stem from auto, and they can share that we're staying on top of that. But again, when it comes to the overall, it's pretty incremental. And then, we may have in a couple of places taken a look at the umbrella because, again, how that feeds into -- how the auto feeds into the umbrella, we want to make sure that we don't fall behind there.
David Motemaden: Got it. That makes sense. And then, I think, the previous question kind of touched on this too, but I noticed in the 10-Q from last quarter, it looks like, you guys had started to make additional reserve increases to just the other liability line for, I think it was accident year 2020 and '21. It sounded like those were primarily auto related. I guess, I was just hoping to get a little bit more color on exactly what was going on? If you're seeing that happen again here in the second quarter? And then maybe just how you're thinking about that and maybe spreading to general liability and umbrella just non-auto related?
Rob Berkley: There's no evidence that we see at this time of the issues that we're seeing in umbrella, if you will, spilling over to the other product lines or the issues that we're seeing specifically in auto, I should say, spreading to the other product lines. So that differently, we feel quite comfortable at the moment with the GL. As far as the auto goes, it's a challenging movement. I mean, you drive down I-95 or whatever highway you go down and every other billboard is plaintiff's attorney with their phone number in case a truck cuts you off. And from our perspective, the trend is meaningful, and we need to make sure that we keep up with it. And we want to make sure that the old years are in a reasonable place. And that obviously, as mentioned a few moments ago, has implications, still relatively modest implications, for umbrella. But to your specific question, do we see that sort of some type of viral effect, if you like, spilling over into GL, for example? No, we are not seeing that.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just a quick one. You had said earlier you guys have gotten 68% cumulative rate since 2019, excluding workers' comp. I'm just wondering, how does the loss trend look versus 2019 if we were just to compare versus that 68% rate increase?
Rob Berkley: The numbers that we have, it's less than that.
David Motemaden: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Brian. Good afternoon. Good evening.
Brian Meredith: Hey, two questions for you. The first one, I just noticed professional liability grew this quarter for the first time in over a year. Anything kind of interesting going on there? Or is it getting better? Or just anomaly?
Rob Berkley: It tends to be what it is, it's what I would define as professional liability ex D&O is having a reasonably good moment and that's both admitted and non-admitted. The challenge as we've discussed in the past and of course you're acutely aware of, Brian, is on the professional front is D&O. So that continues to be a challenged marketplace. A submarket under D&O that I would flag as very, very concerning is transactional liability. And that is a book of business that we have that is shrinking at a very rapid pace just because we don't like market conditions, but as far as the opportunity, it's much of the professional market ex D&O.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then...
Rob Berkley: Both admitted and non-admitted.
Brian Meredith: Thanks for answering. And then second question, you talked a little bit about terms and additions and how that's been a should be a big benefit to profitability going forward on a bunch of this business. Maybe you can give us some examples of kind of what's happened over the last several years in terms of conditions, limits, profiles and that stuff that's going to contribute to the profitability? And I'm assuming that's not factored into that 68% number that you gave us. And maybe how that mitigates any type of development potentially on some of the GL and commercial auto?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. On the GL side, an example would be that you see a contractor move out of the admitted market where they are buying whatever, $1 million limit or [one-to-one] (ph), and they are paying basically, whatever, $50,000 for the $1 million limit. And all of a sudden the standard market because of loss activity or a variety of other reasons, including they can't get the rate that they need, all of a sudden kicks it out. And then as opposed to being $50,000, it's $150,000, but you get $650,000 of cover and maybe you're doing something with defense and you start sub-limiting all kinds of other things and [indiscernible]. So, it really is very much apples and oranges or maybe even apples and bananas because of what you can do with the terms and the conditions. And that's why if you look at our history as an organization, some of our most profitable business has been what we've been able to write on an E&S basis.
Brian Meredith: And actually a quick follow-up then. Do you know approximately how much of your business today is E&S versus, call it, 2019 prior to the cycle hardening up?
Rob Berkley: I don't have the number in front of me, but as I mentioned to your colleague earlier, pretty consistently our E&S business, even putting aside specialty, but just E&S has been growing at a rate for some number of years, it's 50% more than what our standard market business has been growing at. And just to define standard market, a lot of that is admitted specialty. So, I mean the E&S has really been growing quite quickly and provides good opportunity.
Brian Meredith: Excellent. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. So, some of the questions of [Technical Difficulty], it looks like at least compared to the first quarter, the growth in Insurance short-tail line...
Rob Berkley: Sorry, Meyer, I beg your pardon, but your line is breaking up a bit.
Meyer Shields: I'm sorry, is this any better?
Rob Berkley: A little bit.
Meyer Shields: Let me try that. I was hoping you could comment on the apparent slowdown in the growth rate of short-tail lines in Insurance?
Rob Berkley: Sure. It's just a long story short, that's really property and property market. And I think as we talked about some number of quarters ago, the property reinsurance market was what drove the property market. The property reinsurance market has peaked, and no surprise to any of us, the waterfall effect of that is that the property market continues to be good, but the level of opportunity there is perhaps not quite as robust as it was six, 12 months ago.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That makes sense. Second question I guess in investment portfolio we saw at least on a percentage basis a decent decline in equities, in common equity. Can you comment on that at all?
Rob Berkley: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that once more?
Meyer Shields: Yeah. Just the sequential decline in the carry to value of the common stock equity portfolio compared to March 31?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. We -- did you want to go? We sold a bunch of...
Bill Berkley: Well, Meyer, we sold a bunch of common stock.
Rob Berkley: Common stock, yeah.
Bill Berkley: We just...
Rob Berkley: We took some gains. We realized some gains.
Bill Berkley: We just decided that for the -- other than our specialty positions, the stock market wasn't the place we ought to be at the moment.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Yeah, I just wanted to know if there's any sort of macro view embedded in that.
Bill Berkley: No, sir.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing comments.
Rob Berkley: Krista, thank you very much. We appreciate your assistance today and thank you to all for finding time to join us for this discussion. Hopefully, you take away from the dialogue that not only was the company in spite of some of the challenges in the environment to deliver a great outcome, we are also very well positioned. And it's not that there aren't challenges out there, but the business has, is and will continue to do a very effective job in managing the shareholders' capital and making sure that we are achieving those risk-adjusted returns that the capital is entitled to. We will look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Audra, thank you very much and let me echo your words earlier with a warm welcome to all that are participating in the call today. We appreciate your time and look forward to discussing with you our Q1 2024 results. In addition to myself, we also have Bill Berkley on the call, Executive Chairman and Rich Baio, Chief Financial Officer and we are going to follow our typical agenda where I am going to be handing it over to Rich shortly. He will be running through some highlights, once he is completed his comments, I'll follow along with a few additional thoughts and then we will be pleased to open it up for questions, comments, discussion. But before I do hand it over to Rich, I think anyone who's had an opportunity to flip through the earnings release would understand already. But I'll say it regardless, that we had a very strong and solid quarter, great way to start the year. And when you really look at the results and unpack it a little bit, as we'll be doing over the next hour or so, it's pretty clear that the business is firing on many cylinders or essentially all cylinders at this stage. Rich again will get into some details and while there are a couple of moving pieces in the investment portfolio that merit some conversation or discussion, I think the overall story is that whether it's on the investment side or on the underwriting side, business continues to benefit from the foundation that was poured yesterday. We continue to pour it today and position the business for continued success. This is really a result of the whole team and in particular, I think it's worth noting that the level of expertise, the focus and as important as anything, the discipline that exists on both the underwriting part of the business, as well as the investment part of the business. So for us, we're pleased with the quarter. Rich is going to give you some more detail on it. In addition to that, we're probably even more enthusiastic because of how we see the business unfolding, not just for the balance of this year, but with every passing day we are laying the groundwork for what 2025 and beyond will look like as well. So with that, let me hand it to Rich and he will share with us some of his thoughts on the quarter. Rich, good morning.
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. As you mentioned, we're off to a terrific start in 2024, with record quarterly operating income driven by record net investment income and our best first quarter underwriting income. Operating income increased 53.4% to $423 million or $1.56 per share, with an annualized operating return on beginning of year equity of 22.7%. Net income increased 50.4% to $442 million or $1.64 per share, with an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 23.7%. Our growth in net premiums written accelerated to 10.7% to a record of almost $2.9 billion. Rate improvement and exposure growth continue to contribute to the increase in our top line. Before discussing the segment results, we reclassified a program management business from the insurance segment to the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment. This reclassified business has similar characteristics to one of our reinsurance operations already in the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment and has common management for both operations. And accordingly, reclassifications have been made to the company's 2023 financial information to conform this presentation. Having said that, the insurance segment increased net premiums written by a 11.9% to more than $2.4 billion and the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 4.2% to more than $400 million. Pretax underwriting income increased 31.8% to $309 million and our calendar year combined ratio improved 1.8 points from the prior year to 88.8%. The current accident year combined ratio ex cats was flat year-over-year at 87.7%. A reduction in the current accident year catastrophe losses contributed to a benefit of 80 basis points to the calendar year loss ratio of 60.2%. Cat losses were $31 million or 1.1 loss ratio points in the current quarter versus $48 million or 1.9 loss ratio points in the first quarter of 2023. Combining this improvement along with the prior year favorable development of approximately $1 million brings our first quarter 2024 accident year loss ratio ex cats to 59.1%. The slight uptick in the ratio from the prior year is due to business mix. Expense ratio improved 20 basis points to 28.6% due to a non-recurring benefit associated with compensation. We remain confident that our 2024 full year expense ratio should be comfortably below 30%, even with the previously announced new start-up operating unit expenses. Pretax net investment income grew 43.2% to a record $320 million in the current quarter. Our core portfolio increased more than 63%, which was influenced by Argentine inflation linked securities. We don't expect the remainder of 2024 to benefit as significantly from much of these securities which have matured in the first quarter. Partially offsetting this benefit is a loss of $29 million from investment funds. As you may recall, we report investment funds on a one quarter lag and since our first quarter represents the fourth quarter of the year for investment funds, we believe their mark-to-market process is more rigorous due to financial statement audits. The two primary fund strategies for the current quarter's loss were transportation and financial services. To synthesize this down for the second quarter of 2024, we expect investment funds will have less impact from mark-to-market and perform more like they did in the fourth quarter of 2023, as we expect the Argentine inflation linkers to do as well. We had very strong operating cash flow of $746 million in the first quarter, an increase of almost 68% compared with last year. The combination of new money rate above the roll off yields on our fixed maturity portfolio and increasing investable asset base, the company is well positioned for a future investment income growth. In addition, credit quality of the portfolio remains at a AA minus, duration increased from 2.4 years to 2.5 years in the first quarter. The effective tax rate increased to 23% in the first quarter and we expect this to remain elevated throughout 2024 when compared to the prior year. The amount of foreign income and its contribution to the global earnings of the company at tax rates greater than 21% statutory rate in the U.S. will likely result in a higher annual expected effective tax rate. Our stockholders equity remains very strong at a record $7.8 billion, despite an increase in unrealized losses and currency translation losses of $98 million in the quarter. Book value per share was $30.34 at quarter end, an increase of 4.4% from year end and 14.7% over the prior year quarter. With that, Rob, I'll turn it back to you.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Rich, thank you. So, let me start with a few sort of comments on the marketplace and then I'll offer a few further observations on our quarter. So perhaps a place to begin would be bifurcating between insurance versus reinsurance, which obviously the markets are related, but they're not one in the same and starting with insurance maybe calling out E&S as a part of the market. I think there's been some commentary around perhaps E&S is losing some momentum and I would suggest that one needs to use, at least through my lens, somewhat of a finer brush. As far as we can see, the momentum for the liability lines is -- continues to be as strong as ever. To the extent you're seeing any slowing in the momentum of E&S, it's likely to be property related. As far as the property market in general, when it comes to insurance, we think that it still does have some momentum, but it probably does not have the level of momentum that it had last year. We're still seeing rates moving up and we expect they will continue to move up for the immediate future. That having been said, I think part of what you're seeing is the insurance marketplace catching up to what the reinsurance marketplace had taken action around and their costs of the capacity the rent has gone up. As far as GL, again, from our perspective, it remains very robust, both admitted and non-admitted and no surprise, it's the social inflation continuing to persist that is driving that. Just on the topic of social inflation auto, which as I think I've commented on in the past, continues to be very much in the crosshairs of social inflation. We think that, that is part of the market that you're going to see considerable additional firming going on, specifically in commercial auto. Excess and umbrella, particularly to the extent that it relates to the commercial auto market, you are going to see additional firming there as well. Workers compensation, we have offered our more defensive view around that. And of course, as far as professional liability goes, we have called out D&O where obviously some number of years it spiked. More recently it has been dropping at somewhat of a precipitous rate. And at this stage, we view that it is not bottomed, but it is closing in on the bottom. Pivoting to reinsurance, barring what Mother Nature may do tomorrow, it would seem as though the property cat cycle has run a bit of its course. From our perspective, rates were off for property cat reinsurance at 1.1, 5% or more risk adjusted. And, you know, we'll have to see how that unfolds. That having been said, we are seeing some potential green shoots of discipline returning to the liability market within under the umbrella of reinsurance. We have been reasonably outspoken about our concerns around discipline over the past couple of years within the liability or the reinsurance liability market and we will see what comes of that. Turning to our quarter top line, just shy of a 11%. As you would have noted in the release, we are pleased with the rate increase that we got at the 7.8%, which in our opinion is comfortably outpacing trend in the aggregate. And the renewal retention ratio continues to be at approximately 80%, which is what we would expect. The strength in the insurance growth, as Rich referenced, just shy of 13% is quite strong. Property in particular was a contributor as we take advantage of that market opportunity. And again, in keeping with my comments about market conditions on the reinsurance front, you would have seen us continuing to exercise discipline when it comes to the casualty or liability lines. As far as our loss ratio goes, clearly a good performance in the quarter and we believe that the stage is set for a good balance of the year, as well as increasingly what we should be expecting for 2025 and beyond. Just as a data point that I share from time-to-time because I think it's a helpful indicator or certainly a truth that we can all hang our hat on. During the quarter, our paid loss ratio was a 45.8, which is the second lowest it's been in the past eight years and the only time it was lower, it was lower by 50 basis points. So we are in a very comfortable place on that front. Just on the topic of losses, maybe spending a few moments on the topic of loss reserves and I think there's a shared appreciation for the challenges that stem from just to put a stake in the ground 19 and prior and what that may mean. From our perspective, I think that we are well on our way, as I suggested to some, to having that behind us. The averaged life of our reserves is just inside of four years, so at this stage that period is getting very much towards the tail end, is there perhaps a little bit out there still? We'll see what time it's possible, but certainly our expectation is that much of it has been processed, if you will. I think a few other data points that are worth noting at least we find them to be helpful as leading indicators when it comes to strength of reserves and putting aside the comment about paid losses, we would encourage people to consider having a look at IBNR as a percent of total reserves, the ratio of IBNR to case reserves and while some people may look at those two data points and say, well, you know, they could be impacted by the growth in the business and certainly there would be that reality to a certain extent, though I would suggest that people should look more carefully at how much of our growth was coming from rate. That all having been said, there is another data point that we look to and we would encourage others to consider as well and that is initial IBNR as a percent of net premium earned. I think all of these data points that I and drawn to your attention to are worth your consideration and I think would suggest the -- this our reserves are in a improving a good place and more likely than not continuing to improve and we will see that mature over time. As far as the expenses go, Rich walk through that. In particular, I would just call out that we had four businesses that had been in their infancy and the first quarter of this year is the first time we pulled them into the expense ratio and we're pleased to see how they are developing and maturing. On the investment portfolio, Rich had walked you through this as well, but a couple of highlights from my perspective, he referenced the AA minus and it happens to be a very strong AA minus, so there could be a lot of credit activity and we would still be in a very comfortable place. As Rich flagged the duration, it nudged out from 2.4 to 2.5. Do we continue to look for opportunities to nudge it out? Yes, absolutely. Do we feel any pressure that we need to do that overnight? Absolutely not. The book yield as Rich referenced or maybe he didn't, I'll be referencing now was 5.9%, but if you back out the Argentine component, the book yield is actually 4.2%. I think that's relevant because when we talk about how we're sort of laying the ground for the future here or what one should expect going forward with our sort of core domestic portfolio, which is the lion's share of what we have at 4.2% and a new money rate that's somewhere between 5.25 and 5.50. I think that combined with the strength of our cash flow should give you a sense as to the earnings power of the business and the contribution that we will be receiving from the investment portfolio, which again, I think there's considerable upside from here, again with the domestic core fixed income portfolio, that's 100 basis points plus upside from here. So when you, you put it all together, I think that we have been thoughtful and prudent on the underwriting side. We responded to the data and pushed rate and adjusted terms, conditions and appetite mix of business and we are seeing the benefits of that, but we don't want to quite frankly as we had shared with you in the past, declare victory prematurely and but more likely, in my opinion than not, but we'll see with time, good news to come on that front. In addition to that, as I just suggested, as it relates to the other part of our economic model, our investment portfolio, very well positioned, benefiting from the focus and the discipline and the opportunity to take advantage of a new money rate that is 100 basis points above where our book yield of our core portfolio will prove to be very advantageous. So with that, I will pause there and Audra, if we could please open it up for questions?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mike Zaremski at BMO.
Rob Berkley: Good morning, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the data point on the pay to incurred and the color on the reserves. Just curious, you know, your -- we did see in the staff statements too, that the, the reserves ratios appear to be getting better. Just curious, do you guys make any material changes or maybe top off a little bit the 2023 vintage as well?
Rob Berkley: When you say top off, what is your...
Mike Zaremski: Just curious if you made any changes to kind of your view on the more -- on the 2023 vintage as well, which we couldn't see in any changes there on the staff data, we won't see that until next year.
Rob Berkley: Nothing particularly material at this stage. Again, we think that the -- look, we were constantly looking at our loss picks in trying to tweak and refine. So it's not like we come up with these picks and then they're frozen indefinitely. That having been said, there was nothing material or consequential to the portfolio overall as far as changes during 2023.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, got it. You know, in your prepared remarks, Rob, in the beginning, it sounded like, you know, you're just as optimistic or maybe more optimistic about the -- how the portfolio is coming together than you were last quarter. I guess, you know, pricing power, you know, I know it's just a quarter doesn't make a trend, looks like it's kind of flattish. Are you --- are we still kind of on the view that top line growth is likely to be in the low double digits for the year? Or do you think things could play out a bit better, especially if pricing on the cash flow side for the industry starts to move a bit north?
Rob Berkley: My best guesstimate at this stage and that's with a capital G is that we should be able to grow the business all, given what I see between 10% and 15%. As Mike, I know you're aware of and we all presumably have a shared appreciation. We have 60 different businesses, all focused on different niches within the marketplace. And at any moment in time, there are parts of the market that we participate in that are improving and there are parts of the market that are facing more of a headwind. One of the things, again, as I think we've discussed in the past is that once upon a time, these product lines marched in lockstep, at this stage, they have seemed to be decoupling more and more every day. So there'll be some puts and there'll be some takes, but overall, I think that there's a better than average chance that we can grow between 10% and 15% for the foreseeable future. Could there be a quarter that we come in shy of that? Yes. Could there be a quarter that we exceed that? Yes, but that's sort of the channel markers I would offer you.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just lastly, on property, I feel like there was a couple of comments made. You said that maybe that's an area that could lose a bit of pricing momentum in the E&S marketplace, given it's a more, you know, my words, a little bit more commoditized line in terms of ability for people to come in and out. But then you also said, you know, you're, you know, you think you've been growing into property a bit over time. So just want to be clear, do you still feel like property is an area that over the course of the year, you know, returns are good that Berkley which is underweight can play more offense?
Rob Berkley: Look, so let maybe just to bifurcate it a little bit between insurance and reinsurance. So, first off, I think that one needs to understand just because pricing is peaked, that doesn't mean there's not still good margin to have. So if you look at our reinsurance business and the opportunity that we still see in property, we view it as still a healthy line. That having been said, barring the unforeseen event, we think that property cat specifically has perhaps seen the peak we'll see with time. Obviously, the reinsurance marketplace has an impact on the insurance market, when reinsurance costs are up, then obviously that there is a trickle through or a waterfall effect for the insurance market and there is a little bit of a delay in that. So, the reinsurance market, which force the firming, I think, is out ahead. I think there's still margin to be had there, I think the impact that it's had on the insurance market is still very real, as the insurance market is still coming to grips with that higher cost of capacity that they rent from the reinsurance marketplace. But I don't think that there is the same level of pressure in or urgency in the insurance marketplace in particular E&S that we saw or felt a year ago. That doesn't mean there's not still opportunity. That doesn't mean we don't still like the margin and don't still want to have a second helping of whatever the market can offer. We have a view as to what adequate rate is in order to achieve the risk adjusted return that we think is appropriate. Right now, we think that opportunity, generally speaking, still exists in property. How quickly that will dissipate? I don't know, but we play close attention to it and we will not have an issue shutting off the spigot if we don't think it is a good use of capital going forward.
Mike Zaremski: Helpful. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Josh Shanker at Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Good morning, everybody.
Rob Berkley: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. I was interested in just getting a little bit of past perspective and maybe future perspective on the impact of the Argentine component of the investment portfolio in the traditional NII. How has it impacted the past, this quarter and how should we think about it in the future as a one-off line item?
Rob Berkley: Okay. So it's what I would describe as somewhat of a recent phenomenon that is a reflection of the shift in the political environment. As far as data points go, Richie, I know that in your comments, you alluded to what we saw in the -- I guess it would have been the fourth quarter of last year, which was really the, I think one of the first meaningful contributions or impacts that we saw and we saw an even greater impact in the fourth quarter and we'll see how it unfolds from here. Rich, do you want to just spend a moment, maybe sharing with Josh and others that may be interested in just what has transpired with these linked securities in Argentina?
Rich Baio: Sure. Happy to do that, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Rich Baio: So Rob had alluded to earlier, the impact, excluding Latin America, in terms of our book yield being 4.2%. If we were to look to the prior period, a year earlier, if you will, just to show an appreciation for the increase in the domestic portfolio, that would have been around 3.6%. So certainly saw some pick-up there in regards to our overall yield. We did have a majority of our Argentine positions mature in the first quarter. And so for that reason, that's why we're saying that we would not anticipate the same level of investment income that we saw in the first quarter of this year, but would anticipate that we would get back down to a more leveled basis, as it relates to the Latin American portfolio in the second quarter and it will continue to decrease as the remainder of those inflation linkers mature throughout the remainder of this year.
Josh Shanker: So given that sort of situation, if we think about the amount of portfolio that matured this year or was preempted by a sale of investments, it was no different than in prior quarters. We can look at the sort of the trajectory on where investment income has gone, excluding 1Q and think about that might be a way to think about, as we head to a 5.5% yield on the overall portfolio, that it will continue along a trajectory towards that path?
Rich Baio: I think that's a fairly reasonable approach, Josh, yes.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And just on the reserve releases, you know, historically, you tend to be pretty conservative in your portfolio, not releasing a lot of reserves, sometimes there's one-off course where it happened. What happened in this quarter that made you feel that there was a reason to throw off some reserves here?
Rob Berkley: Josh, we -- as I think we've discussed in the past, we look at our reserves a variety of different ways by each one of the operations that makes up the group by product line at a very granular level. We also look at it at the aggregate as well, the group level and we assess where we are and what we need and what tweaking needs to happen. I think there tend to be some folks that tend to maybe not try and tweak as regularly as we do, but we are constantly looking at it and trying to make sure that we're not getting the porridge too hot or too cold. So at any moment in time, there's 60 different moving pieces, but we feel as though that things are in a good place.
Josh Shanker: All right, I'll come up with some harder questions, come offline, but I appreciate the disclosure. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thanks for the question, Josh.
Operator: We'll go next to David Motemaden at Evercore.
David Motemaden: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Rob Berkley: Good morning, David.
David Motemaden: Good morning. Just had a question, if you could just let us know, understand it's about $1 million of favorable PYD. How much of that was coming from the insurance segment versus the reinsurance segment? And maybe just a little color in terms of the movement between lines and accident years?
Rob Berkley: Sure, David, to make a long story short, the amount of movement from each one of the two segments was what I would define relative to the overall reserve position of each segment, let alone the aggregate, one could say is immaterial. And as far as the development goes, if you wouldn't mind just catching up with Karen on those details. But there wasn't anything out of the ordinary and from based on what I have the sheet that I have in front of me, but why don't you catch up with Karen and she can try and give you a little bit more detail on that. But if your question is, are we taking lots of reserves out of the current year or the more recent year? No, the answer is, we're not.
David Motemaden: Understood, that...
Rob Berkley: And a reminder, our life of our reserves is just inside of four years and the incurred tail is inside of three years.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. And then just following-up on that, just looking at the accident year loss ratio ex cat in the insurance business, assuming negligible PYD to sort of back into that, it looks like it deteriorated around 100 basis points year-on-year. I'm wondering, was there any change that you guys made to loss trend or anything on the mix side that you would just call out as sort of pushing that up?
Rob Berkley: Richie, is there anything that you recall?
Rich Baio: I think certainly with social inflation, some of our loss picks maybe are slightly higher than where they had been the year earlier, but it really is just a mix of the business that's just rising that.
Rob Berkley: Yes and probably the areas, well, not probably the areas that we are looking hardest at the picks would be around commercial auto and it's less that we have concerns about prior year, it's more that we just have concerns about the environment and where it seems to be today and where we expect it's going tomorrow, we've got to keep up with that.
David Motemaden: Understood. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Commercial auto and quite frankly the -- some of the excess and umbrella as well.
David Motemaden: Yes, that makes sense. Understood. Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll move next to Elyse Greenspan at Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Good morning. Sorry. Thank you. My first question is just in terms of the flow of business you guys are seeing with the E&S market. We saw some stamping capacity out of three of the largest E&S states turned negative in March, which I recognize is only one month of data. But just curious what you're seeing with the flow to the E&S market and any color you have just on what we saw in those three states in March?
Rob Berkley: So I'm not familiar with the data, Elyse, that perhaps you have in front of you. But speaking to our experience, we continue to see during the first quarter very robust activity on the E&S front, particularly on the casualty or liability. In general property, there continues to be an opportunity. But again, I think it's probably not what it was a year ago. And I think that that's just the reality of things and the cycle. So we are more of a liability shop than a property shop though we do participate in property. I expect that we'll try and make some more hay and property before we call it a day, but it is possible that, that may have not peaked, but property is peaking. On the liability front, there is nothing that leads me to believe that the momentum is going to be subsiding anytime soon. I think the reality is that social inflation, the legal environment, the social environment persists and that continues to drive lost costs. And I think that there's some reasonable chance that the reinsurance marketplace is becoming more acutely aware of this social inflation issue and you're going to see them look for opportunity to try and put pressure on the insurance marketplace when it comes to like casualty and liability lines like they did on the property front. As it relates to us, we are less exposed or susceptible to that because we are a small limits player, approximately 90% of our policies that are legally allowed to have a limit have a limit of $2 million or less. So we are not as exposed to the whims of the reinsurance market, but we look forward to the reinsurance market embracing greater discipline on the casualty lines.
Elyse Greenspan: And then going back to one of the prior questions on the loss ratio, I guess, you know, within insurance, I know you guys mentioned mix driving that up and it sounds like there's, you know, nothing else going on there except, you know, some prudence you pointed to within the picks around commercial auto. So given that you guys have these designed loss ratios, would you expect like the underlying loss ratio over the balance of the year in insurance to be pretty consistent with what we saw in the first quarter?
Rob Berkley: I think that we will continue to look at the business and the data and how we think things are performing. And, Elyse, hopefully you would expect we will respond accordingly. So that's the best I can do, sorry, if it's not good enough.
Elyse Greenspan: No, that is good enough. And one last one on workers comp. Anything that you're seeing there, I know at times you kind of called for a floor and a turn and obviously that's been good opportunities for folks for a while and I know that business for you guys, we did see a little bit of a decline in the Q1, but how are you thinking about the comp market not only in 2024, but also going into 2025 as well?
Rob Berkley: My colleagues and I -- we continue to have a view that frequency remains the industry's friend and we along with others have benefited from that, but are sensitive to or maybe I would take a step further and suggest concerned about medical costs and where they are likely going and there's a delay there. So are we at the bottom? It would seem as though my calling the bottom, I was just, some might say early, others might just say wrong. That having been said, I think we are seeing more signs of California bottoming out and the rest of the country or much of the rest of the country is probably a pace or two behind.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions. Have a good day.
Operator: We'll move next to Ryan Tunis at Autonomous Research.
Rob Berkley: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Hi, good morning, Rob. Yes. So just, I guess on this E&S point, if we do get into an environment where business starts to flow from E&S back to admitted. Can you just talk about, I guess, the capability of your business to be able to write it on admitted paper as well? And I would guess you'd have better capability to do that on the casualty side than the property side. But I'm not sure about that, but I'm just curious like I know in the past you've kind of been a "standard not admitted player" you've kind of lived between. So, yes, just curious on your thoughts?
Rob Berkley: Ryan, thanks for the question and long story short, obviously we have both the tools and the expertise to write both non-admitted and admitted. I mean, ultimately what it really boils down to is when some of those exposures make their way back into the standard market is that something that we think is a sensible use of our capital, when the standard market, if it were to become more competitive at that time, do we still think that it's a good use of capital? So do we have the ability to do it? Yes, but we'll need to look at the pricing, the terms and conditions and my colleagues will have to reach a conclusion as to whether they think it's sensible or not. So the tools and the capabilities, yes and colleagues will have to decide whether it makes sense or not.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then switching gears, I guess, thinking about the expense ratio, I guess just looking at the model this morning, this cycle, there's been more underlying combined ratio improvement on the expense ratio than there's been on the loss ratio, which is a good thing, assuming it's sticky. You've obviously talked about a sub-30 combined, but you didn't used to have that. So I'm just -- want to clarify which is that short term guidance or is like this type of expense ratio level plus or minus a point what you think you can do serve in perpetuity?
Rob Berkley: Our expectation is that it's going to start with a two indefinitely. Is it possible there could be some extraordinary something or other that could change that? Yes, of course. But at this stage, you know, we feel that we are in a good place and that this is very sustainable.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Hughes at Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
Rob Berkley: Good morning.
Mark Hughes: I think you've expressed more enthusiasm about the other liability than commercial auto, but commercial auto accelerated a bit and outgrew other liability, which decelerated a little bit in terms of net premiums written. Anything to read into that?
Rob Berkley: I think the takeaway should be how hard we are pushing on the commercial auto rate and the markets accepting it to a great extent.
Mark Hughes: What do you see in terms of pricing in the liability line? You obviously given us the kind of your consolidated non-workers comp number, but anything specifically about the other liability?
Rob Berkley: Rich, my recollection is that we don't break out how our rate increases by product line, is that correct?
Rich Baio: That's correct, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So, Mark, what I would offer you for your consideration is that we feel comfortable that we are outpacing comfortably our view on trend or certainly without a doubt keeping up with it and likely outpacing it.
Rich Baio: Very good. And then final question, the cash from operations is quite strong. If you touched on that earlier, I apologize, but what was the big driver of the year-over-year increase?
Rob Berkley: Richie? My -- go ahead, Rich.
Rich Baio: It's really driven by the underwriting performance. So we had very strong cash collections on a net premiums basis. And then our paid losses, as Rob alluded to earlier from the paid loss ratio perspective was very low as well. And so the combination of those two items was really the biggest driver.
Mark Hughes: Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Meredith at UBS.
Rob Berkley: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Hi, good morning. Two questions. Rich, I'm just curious, could you just give us the actual income that you generated from the Argentina inflation bonds in the quarter? Just so I don't have to do the math.
Rich Baio: Rob, I'm not sure we've then generally given that level of detail. I'm not sure if...
Brian Meredith: I can back into it with what you said in the yield, but I just wanted to know what the actual number was.
Rich Baio: Why don't we take it offline?
Rob Berkley: Yes, Brian, he's just going to check with an attorney and call you back. How about that?
Brian Meredith: Okay, fair.
Rob Berkley: The world we live in.
Brian Meredith: Rob, I'm just curious, perhaps you can remind us how much of your, call it short tail business is cat exposed? And how should we think about your kind of cat load here in 2024 based upon just the growth you're seeing in that short tail business?
Rob Berkley: I'm just trying to -- make sure I understand, Brian, you want to know how much of our business is cat exposed?
Brian Meredith: Yes, the short tail business, but you're seeing really good growth in that business and obviously you said rates good, right? I'm just curious how much of that is actually catastrophe exposed, kind of property versus not cat exposed, where you're seeing the growth. And then if I look at your, call it cat load that you've been had over the last year or two, it's kind of run around 2% to 3%, is that pretty consistent what you think would look like going forward, given your portfolio?
Rob Berkley: The answer is the 2% to 3% is probably in the right zip code, it may be up a little bit from there. As far as how much of our portfolio is cat exposed? You know, that's become perhaps a more complicated question than it once was because of what we've seen happen with wildfire and SCS over the past several years. So I don't have a percentage for you as to what's exposed to quake or particularly as we get earth quake apparently now in the northeast or exactly what is exposed to wind. We're happy to pick up the conversation offline, but we have a view that cat load has had to evolve from how people thought about it just a few years ago. So the short answer is, I don't have a percentage for you, but we're happy to further the conversation if you like.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Meyer Shields at KBW.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, I just had one. Hi, this is Dean on for Meyer. I just had one question. I was sort of surprised to see. I was sort of surprised to see that there were no share repurchases in the quarter. Is there anything anymore color you could provide on that? Or how should we think about repurchases for the remainder of the year?
Rob Berkley: We have, I think, as we've discussed in the past, we have a view as to what the real book value of the business is, putting aside the various accounting principles. We have a view as to what we think the earnings power of the business is. And obviously we know what the stock is trading at. And when we see an opportunity to step in and buy the stock and in what we view as an attractive manner for the shareholders, we will do so. But at this stage, we have not felt as though it's the best mechanism to return capital to shareholders.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Rob Berkley for closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Audra, thank you very much and thank you to all for finding time to dial in. We appreciate your interest in the company. Again, I think by any measure, a very strong quarter. But perhaps, at least from my perspective, more interesting, more exciting is how the stage is set for what will not just be the balance of this year, but likely more and more what 2025 will shape up to be. Thank you. Take care. Bye, bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W. R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of the new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Sarah, thank you very much, and good afternoon all and welcome to our fourth quarter call, and for that matter full year '23 call. In addition to me, you also have Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman, on the call as well as Rich Baio, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. We're going to follow our usual agenda where very shortly I'm going to hand it over to Rich. He's going to walk us through some highlights from the quarter. Once he's completed his comments, I'll offer a couple of thoughts at my own and then we'll be pleased to open it up for Q&A. Before I hand it over to Rich, I did just want to offer a thought or two and for some participants who is probably won't be new to, I guess, a discussion that we've had in the past. For our organization, there is without a doubt amongst all of our colleagues, a shared recognition that the goal of the exercise is value-creation. We approach this through a lens that we've again touched on in the past, but I'll flag it again. A lens that we referred to is risk-adjusted return. All returns are not created equal. One needs to consider the type of risk that you're taking on in order to achieve that return. And in contemplating that risk, one needs to consider volatility as a component of that. One is to ask themselves the question? Am I getting paid enough for that risk? And of course in considering that, what role volatility plays. In the fourth quarter of '23, there should be many market participants that report good numbers. But I think that one needs to look beyond just a quarter. One needs to look at the year. One needs to look at the past several years. When it comes to value creation, it's not just about a step forward. It's about consistently taking steps forward, and it's about avoiding taking steps backwards. When you look at the results of our quarter, without a doubt, they are very strong, very robust by any measure. But I would encourage people to look at the full year and look at the past many years and our ability to create value, taking into account the risk that we are accepting in order to achieve those returns, is really the cornerstone why we've been able to build value for shareholders so successfully over many years. This quarter and this year, no exception. So to that end, before I hand it over to Rich, I would like to thank and congratulate my colleagues throughout the organization on a really outstanding quarter, outstanding year, and yet another year of a job very well done. Also, on behalf of my colleagues. I would like to thank our shareholders for allowing us the opportunity and the privilege for managing capital on their behalf. I will pause there and Rich, over to you. What do you have for us?
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it, and, good afternoon, everyone. The Company continued to report record-setting financial results in the quarter, leading to an outstanding full year. Net income increased to $397 million or $1.47 per share compared with $382 million or $1.37 per share in the prior year quarter. Annualized return on beginning-of-year equity was 23.6%. Record operating income increased more than 21% to $392 million or $1.45 per share with an annualized return on beginning-of-year equity of 23.2%. Our extreme ownership in maximizing risk-adjusted return and everything we do contributed to our record full year underwriting income, net investment income, operating income, and net income. Our top-line growth accelerated throughout the year with the fourth quarter reflecting a 12% increase in net premiums written to more than $2.7 billion, bringing the full year to a record of almost $11 billion. On a constant foreign currency exchange rate basis, the quarterly and full year growth was adversely impacted by approximately 50 basis points due to the weakening U.S. dollar. On a segment basis, insurance grew 12.3% to more than $2.4 billion in the quarter from rate improvement and exposure growth. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 10.2% to more than $300 million. This marks a record level for full year gross and net premiums written for each segment. Turning to underwriting performance. Record quarterly pre-tax underwriting income increased 8.2% to $316 million, representing a calendar year combined ratio of 88.4%. Current accident year catastrophe losses were flat at 1.2 loss ratio points for the comparable quarters with $32 million and $30 million reported in fourth quarter 2023 and 2022 respectively. Prior year development was favorable by $1 million, bringing our current accident year loss ratio ex-cats to 58.8%. The improvement over the prior year's quarter of 50 basis points was primarily due to business mix and lower attritional property losses. The expense ratio increased 60 basis points to 28.4% in the current quarter, flat to the 2023 full year. The increase from the prior year's quarter is consistent with our prior communication that being lower ceding commissions resulting from business mix and reinsurance structure changes over the past year. In addition, increased compensation costs and startup operating unit expenses have also contributed to the small increase. We expect that our 2024 full year expense ratio should be comfortably below 30%, taking into consideration, investments in such things like technology and data and analytics as well as new startup operating unit expenses. So in summary, our current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes of the quarter was 87.2%. Record quarterly pre-tax net investment income increased more than 35% to $313 million, bringing the full year to more than $1 billion for the first time in the Company's history. The combination of our short-duration and record level operating cash flow of more than $2.9 billion in the full year has positioned us well to invest in securities with higher interest rates. The book yield on the fixed maturity portfolio continued to advance throughout the year to 4.4% on a 12-month basis. Our net invested assets increased approximately 10% in the past year to almost $27 billion. The credit quality of the portfolio remains very strong at AA minus with a duration on our fixed maturity portfolio including cash and cash equivalents of 2.4 years. The investment funds improved from the consecutive quarter to $11 million although declined from the prior year in large part due to market value adjustments in the real estate fund area. As a reminder, the investment funds are generally reported on a one-quarter lag. Foreign currency losses in the quarter related to the U.S. dollar weakening relative to most other currencies. It's worth noting, however, that the net effect to stockholders' equity is negligible since the improvement in our currency translation adjustment more than offset the amount reflected in the income statement. Stockholders' equity increased to a record of almost $7.5 billion. Careful capital management throughout the year resulted in three special dividends of $0.50 each per share plus regular quarterly dividends totaling $501 million. In addition, share repurchases in the quarter of almost 1.6 million shares contributed to a total of more than 8.7 million shares repurchased during the year, amounting to $537 million or $61.69 per share. So our capital management during 2023 aggregated to more than $1 billion, the most we've returned to shareholders in one year while growing shareholders' equity more than 10% and maintaining more than adequate capital to support ongoing growth in the business. Book value per share increased to 11.6% and 25.5% in the quarter and full year before dividends and share repurchases. And Rob, with that, I'll turn it back to you.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Pretty attractive picture and even a conservative CPA couldn't make it sound anything other than encouraging. So a couple of observations on my end. Obviously, the top-line growth, we're pleased with the progress that we're making relative to the past few quarters. I think this is unfolding exactly as we suggested. Just calling out a few pieces of that puzzle, clearly some of the things that we had talked about as far as portfolios that we were separating from, much of that pig is through the Python. The specialty market in general continues to be particularly attractive. I would highlight E&S especially, furthermore, I don't think that party is over. When we're looking at the submission flow, we continue to be quite encouraged. On the other hand, certainly, within the professional liability space and I'll call out public D&O as perhaps one of this extreme examples, I think it is delicate and treacherous and as you can see in the numbers in our release, we are treading thoughtfully as you'd expect. Rich touched on the rate coming in at 8%, which based on our assessment is pretty clear that we are comfortably exceeding any reasonable assumption around loss cost trend. And we are encouraged by that. I know that there are couple of chicken littles out there that are sort of hanging on the rate number that we share on a quarterly basis and some might say, well, geez, this is down below where it was in the third quarter and that is a factually correct statement. That having been said, I would caution people to please understand that is really driven by mix of business and not just product line, but we have more than 60 different businesses under the Group umbrella and at any moment in time, some are growing more than others and rate opportunity is not equal amongst all the businesses in the Group, and obviously our product lines as well. And just as a point of reference, you'll recall this time or fourth quarter '22, we got 6.9 points of rate ex-comp. So again, we are comfortably above where we were a year ago and we are confident again that we are exceeding trend by a meaningful margin. Again, Richie talked about the losses. I'm not going to get into that. The only thing that I will flag is that the paid loss ratio for the quarter came in at 48 and change, and for - I don't know how many quarters it is at this at this stage, it's just sort of floating between 46 and 49, which I think is really just a reflection of the rate action along with the underwriting discipline and focus of our colleagues that are allowing us to be arguably writing business at a pretty healthy margin, to say the least. Again, Rich touched on the expense piece. So I'm not going to rehash that other than I will make the one comment that for purposes of '24, we have some businesses that we started prior. And those are going to be impacting our expense ratio, though, even with those coming into the expense ratio, as they are in business for a full year, the fact of the matter is, that's going to be a relatively modest drag. Going the other way as far as benefit goes, you'll see what happen with our written premium in Q3 and certainly in Q4 and we all know how that's going to travel through and impact the earned in '24, which will clearly be a positive. Last comment on the investment portfolio. Rich touched on that. As far as the book yield, as far as we're concerned, the new money rate for us still today, even with all the humming and honking about where interest rates are going, we still can put money to work at 5%-plus. So we think there's opportunity there. As Rich mentioned, the duration, 2.4 years. We are looking for the window of opportunity to nudge that out. We are not in a rush. We have a slightly different view than much of the world as to where interest rates are going. And when the window of opportunity presents itself, you will likely see that 2.4 moving out from here. So again, I think it's exciting that we had a good quarter. It's rewarding and encouraging that we had a good year and top of - a good year in '22 and so on, but I think the most encouraging thing is when you look at where, I should say, how the table is set for '24 and beyond, we are in a very good place and not only on the underwriting side but on the investment side. So I believe in '24 and likely beyond, you are going to continue to see this economic model firing on all cylinders. So that probably wasn't as brief as I promised, but it was relatively brief for me, and I'm going to pause there and Sarah, we would be very pleased to open it up for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon as well. My first question, Rob, probably picking up kind of where you were ending with your comments. Premium growth picked up right in the third and the fourth quarter ending at 12% in the fourth quarter. So as you think out to '24. Is that kind of the baseline would you expect the quarters of '24 to all be 12% or greater, just given the momentum that you've been highlighting on the call?
Rob Berkley: Yes, no, Elyse, I appreciate that you and other colleagues are trying to build models and making certain assumptions. But the truth of the matter is that, tell me what market conditions are going to be. And I can give you a thoughtful answer to your question. There is nothing that I see today that leads me to believe that there isn't meaningful opportunity before us. And again, do I think the 12% number is a reasonable number to use? Yes. Do I think it's possible to be better than that? It certainly is possible. But again tell me what the market conditions will be and then I can give you a more thoughtful answer as opposed to fumbling around on this end.
Elyse Greenspan: Maybe sticking with that market thought, right? We've heard a lot of conjecture about whether we start to see a broader strengthening of the casualty market. And so where are you on that? Do you think we'll start to see more broad-based pricing momentum within casualty lines as we go through 2024?
Rob Berkley: I think you should. From our perspective, obviously, one of the big drivers there is social inflation and as far as we're concerned, it's alive and well. In addition to that, as far as another pressure point, I think you're starting to see the reinsurance marketplace, particularly on the treaty side, but across-the-board starting to wake up and really recognize some of the challenges that the liability market faces. And the kind of pressure that you saw, the reinsurance marketplace, but on the property line, I think, while it may not be to the same extent, I think you're going to see them start to really focus on the - some of the liability lines and I think that will perhaps introduce further discipline into the casualty market. Quite frankly, if you go back in time, we've sort of been standing on our head and jumping up and down, talking about social inflation for many years. And we started pushing on rate pretty early and it's been good to see more recently people showing up to the party and recognizing what that loss trend is, recognizing what that means for this loss cost and taking action. So long story short, I think that there is some more legs to the liability market, particularly umbrella, auto liability, GL, and there's a lot of the excess market overall.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one more. You guys said $1 million. I think a favorable development in the quarter. I know, we typically get more color when the K is filed. But any movements within lines or accident years that were more significant - the more significant nature in the fourth quarter.
Rob Berkley: Nothing that's particularly earth-shattering. I would say it's kind of more of the same. But if you're looking for more detail, I'd encourage you just give Karen or Rich a call and if you can't get one of them, just give me a buzz.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mark, good afternoon.
Mark Hughes: Hello, Rob, good afternoon to you. Hello, Rich. How - what are you seeing in terms of loss development on some of those older accident years, particularly in the casualty lines, any change in trajectory this year compared to prior years?
Rob Berkley: I would suggest that some of the older years are beginning to show signs of petering out and I think some of the more recent years that look particularly encouraging. As they season out more, we will be more inclined to recognize the good news. But I think at this stage, if you look at the average duration of our loss reserves or an average life of our loss reserve, which is 3.5 plus years, just shy of four years at this stage, we have our arms around, I think a lot of the years that we're particularly frustrating where I think the industry may have gotten caught a little flat-footed, and ourselves are not completely insulated from that with social inflation. I think we may have gotten on top of it a little quicker than some. But nevertheless, '16 through '19 is not without its challenges. That having been said, I think some of the more recent years are encouraging, but I think '16 through '19 are slowing considerably and certainly the earlier of that Group, I think have - maybe not fully played out but are pretty darn close.
Mark Hughes: Yes, very good. How about on workers comp, you had some growth in premiums written this quarter. How are you thinking about that?
Rob Berkley: Yes, that was primarily due to payroll, if you will. Just wage or - wage inflation, if you like.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Anything, any update on....
Rob Berkley: We still have reservations about the product line. We're pleased that we participate in the market. We think our colleagues that are in this space have exceptional expertise and are managing the capital well. But by and large if there is a little bit more of a certainly neutral to defensive posture at this stage, I think as we've talked about in the past, we think that the medical trend is going to prove to be challenging. As far as obviously the U.S. comp market is both broad and deep. And from what I hear from my colleagues that are far more knowledgeable than I, I would keep an eye on California for leading the charge as far as market bottoming out.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question. Good evening.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski of BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good evening.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good evening. I guess just if we wanted to reflect on the past 12 to 18 months, you've discussed it a bit, but there was kind of a pivot downwards in growth for a bit. Did the - was the pivot more the marketplace changed in terms of competition, or was it more so reflection of what you've been talking about? Hi, loss costs are - we need to do a bit of a true-up and - you've gotten that picture of the Python and kind of now the - it's kind of a smoother sailing from here. Just kind of curious how much was kind of more, you think, Berkeley-specific versus just market forces and the competitors doing their thing.
Rob Berkley: So the way I characterize it, Mike, is I think that the market is changing every day. And if you go back, call it two years ago, professional liability, D&O, as an example, was in a different place than it is today. So you have that force. On the other hand, clearly, two years ago property was in a different place than it is today. So you have all these pieces that at any moment in time some things are firming, some things are softening, and obviously, that instructs how we feel and how strong or not our appetite is. In addition to that, I think, as we may have flagged in some earlier calls, there were a couple of what I would describe as meaty relationships scale-wise, that we came to a shared understanding that we agreed to disagree as to what an appropriate rate need is and what action was required. And as a result of that, we wished each other well, or at least we wished them well, and that played a role in it as - in addition to the earlier comments. So do I think that the 12% is this like phenomenal number? That's one-off. The answer is no. I think that there were some things in the first half of the year that served as somewhat of an extreme drag, and what you're seeing now is a lot of that shift away has been processed.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful context. Clearly, the ROE for the year ended up being excellent. So I guess just switching gears a little bit, I think you mentioned the reinsurers. Anything we should be thinking about maybe within your expense ratio guidance or just as the year progresses, in terms of if the reinsurers are able to successfully garner higher pricing, seating commissions or whatnot, on what - they charge their counterparties, such as Berkeley for casualty reinsurance. I know you guys have a reinsurance arm, obviously too, so there's an offset. But just curious if there's something -
Rob Berkley: Yes, obviously, we take it from one pocket and hopefully, we're getting it back and then some in the other pocket. I think one of the things that - so do I think it's possible that you're going to see some of the reinsurance marketplace trying to take action, for example, with seeding commissions? Yes, I do. The good news for our organization, as we've discussed, because of our limits profile and how the business is operated with approximately 90% of our policies that are legally allowed to have limits, having a limit of $2 million or less, that makes us less reinsurance dependent. So consequently, we have the ability to pivot and think about what we buy, perhaps differently than some of our peers, and we also can shift structurally. So as Rich mentioned earlier, around the seed, part of the reason why the - excuse me, around the expense ratio partly has to do with seed, where people wanted to cut seeding commissions. So maybe we switched to an XoL structure that made sense to us, given the rate environment, and that worked out. So the punchline is this, Mike, a hardening reinsurance market when it comes to the casualty lines, net net will be very good for us as an organization because it will force further discipline and consequently pricing power for the primary market. And in addition to that, my colleagues on the reinsurance side, I'm sure will be right in there seizing the opportunity.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. And maybe if I can sneak one last one in, if Bill thinks it's a question worthy of his wisdom. Presidential election year, to the extent the outcome is for a change of the guard, is there anything market-wise, investment portfolio-wise, or just interest rate-wise you guys are thinking of in terms of hard or dry or pivot? If that is an outcome late this year.
Rob Berkley: Before he answers that, I think we may need to read the Safe Harbor again.
BillBerkley: So, I think the bottom line is, we've got a $2 trillion deficit. 92% of the world's countries have deficits. There is going to be an enormous demand for money. Number two, we are the only significant democratic country that doesn't have any kind of national sales tax. We have some flexibility. However, you have to look at every time there's been a need to come to a conclusion, Democrat or Republican, the conclusion has been both parties spend more money. So what that tells you is spending money and not having taxes go up are a cornerstone of the policies both parties have chosen to follow. At some point, we're going to have to decide someone is going to have to pay for all we're doing. And whether that's a value-added tax or increasing income taxes or whatever, we are going to have to do something, and it's going to happen during the next presidential period, or Social Security and Medicare, Medicaid are going to be in jeopardy. So I don't think it matters who's elected. That's a problem that we're going to face. It won't happen till after the election. Whomever is elected won't matter. And I think that's going to mean is we're going to have some pressure on inflation, pressure on government spending, and I don't think that means good things for interest rates coming down. I would expect interest rates at best will be flat. I think people are biased by the fact that we had an extended period with extraordinarily low interest rates. I don't think interest rates are going to go crazy, but I don't think we're going to see them consequentially lower than they are now and probably a little higher.
Mike Zaremski: Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Mike.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, David. Good evening.
David Motemaden: Hi, Rob. Good evening. So I just had a question on the rates that you guys are seeing now in liability lines. If we exclude comp and exclude financial lines, I'm wondering if you started to see evidence of those rates accelerate in the quarter - in the fourth quarter. I'm just trying to get a sense for if we were to adjust for the mixed dynamics that you had just mentioned in your opening remarks if we are actually starting to see those rates move higher in response to the environment.
Rob Berkley: So generally speaking, we don't break the rate data out by product line, but I guess to give you a little bit of color, I would tell you that we are very happy with the rate increases that we are achieving in much of the liability market, to say the least. We are comfortable that, putting aside some challenges within the professional liability space, the rest of it, we think that we are keeping up with trend and then some, or clearing trend by a meaningful margin. So, are things better in Q4 than they were in Q3? I don't really have the specific numbers in front of me at the moment, but just from having my finger somewhat on the pulse, I am very comfortable that the underwriting environment for the lines that you're referring to is every bit as healthy in Q4 as it was earlier in the year, possibly better. And there's nothing that leads me to believe that that momentum is going to diminish. And quite frankly, it's just simply being driven by loss costs and the environment, which, appropriately, I think, is making people focus on it more and more. So we feel like we're in a good place.
David Motemaden: Okay, great. Thanks. That's encouraging. And then maybe if I could just move to the accident year loss ratio ex-cat. So if I look at the improvement year-over-year, I was wondering, and I know this is getting a little bit granular, but I think the prior period had some fire losses in there. Was the improvement really just the absence of those fire losses? And are we sort of at a clean baseline here going forward?
Rob Berkley: Rich, do you want to speak to that?
RichBaio: Sure, Rob. I would say yes. It is certainly part of the reason for the change. Quarter-over-quarters, we certainly, over the last few quarters, as Rob has alluded to, I think on some of the earlier calls, been making some changes with regards to re-underwriting some of the property risk side of things. And so, yes, there has been an improvement. Certainly, much progress has been made. Can't say that it's completely completed, but certainly do I anticipate a better position going forward.
David Motemaden: Understood. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Ryan, good evening.
Ryan Tunis: All right. Just a couple from me on - from an insurance growth standpoint. First one just on professional lines. I guess I was kind of hoping that as we started lapping some of those comps from when this first started a year ago, maybe we'd see a little bit better growth. But it looked like growth was down again even after being down last year in the fourth quarter. Is that not the right way to think about it? Is this a line that based on where market conditions are
Rob Berkley: Are you speaking specifically about professional? Sorry, Ryan. Trying to make sure....
Ryan Tunis: Professional lines, yes, I'm just trying to understand like....
Rob Berkley: Yes. The skinny on that, at least through, in my opinion, is the D&O market, particularly public D&O market has been, from a pricing perspective, in somewhat of free fall, and rates went up considerably, and now they're coming back down. And then we have a view as to what rate adequacy is. And ultimately, while we're sorry to see it go, if it goes, it goes. We're not going to chase it down the drain. In addition to D&O, a couple of other product lines that I would call out would be medical professional, specifically hospital professional liability, where the lack of discipline in that product line over the past, quite frankly, a couple of years, I think, has given reason to pause. To our colleagues credit, they also - they have been operating with the discipline. So that's quite frankly having an impact on the top line as well. Other areas that I would flag, maybe one other would be architects and engineers with some of the larger accounts where again, we have found that the market is willing to do things we don't think make sense, and the pricing has come off. So professional liability, extraordinarily broad category, just trying to give you a little bit of a flavor with some of the bigger pieces of that puzzle. But yes, there are some areas within the professional space that we still find notably attractive, particularly nonstandard. And then there are some big chunks of the professional line, some of which I just referenced, that I think should be giving anyone who's responsible and disciplined real reason to pause.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess just to follow up on the short tail lines.
Rob Berkley: Please.
Ryan Tunis: Growth for the full year was like around 20%. Just trying to understand how much is the composition - how much - from a composition standpoint, did that change this past year? Was it more than normal because of the rate environment, or was most of that growth exposure and rate action on stuff you'd already been writing in 2022?
Rob Berkley: So it's a combination of both. As you'd expect, we're pushing pretty hard on the rate front and it's sticking. In addition to that, as we see rate adequacy more and more attractive, then we're going to lean into that. And you would take note the growth, for example, in short tail lines or specifically property in the reinsurance business during the '23 year. And of course, we had meaningful growth on the property front and the E&S space as well, both through our domestic businesses as well as through our London operation.
Ryan Tunis: Got it, So, I guess, how is like, your outlook for the type of cat exposure you have? Has that changed at all?
Rob Berkley: Not meaningfully, when the day is all done. I mean, as I said a few moments ago, the majority of our growth is driven by rate. So there's a lot of things where our exposure hasn't changed, but we're charging considerably more. But also, that has led to opportunity to write some additional business as well. But I don't have a specific breakout on the 20% what's rate versus exposure. But if you'd like, you're welcome to follow up with us tomorrow and we can give you some more context.
Ryan Tunis: Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Meyer. Good afternoon. Good evening, rather.
Meyer Shields: Hi Rob, how are you?
Rob Berkley: Good, how are you?
Meyer Shields: I'm doing well, thanks. Sorry, I don't mean to talk over you. Follow up Ryan's question. We've seen growth in commercial auto accelerate over the last two quarters, and I was wondering, is something changing in rates there, or is that a change in exposure?
Rob Berkley: I think primarily what's driving it is we're just charging a lot more. We're insisting on a lot more rates. That's the big driver, no pun intended.
Meyer Shields: No, taken. No, that's helpful. Second, I know that you've talked about sort of waiting for, let's say, accident years 2020 and subsequent to mature a little bit. I hope we can get a little bit of a peek in terms of what you're seeing even before you take any reserve actions on those years.
Rob Berkley: Well, I would suggest you look at the paid loss ratios. I'd also sit because that's a reality. In addition to that, I would encourage you to have a look at how much IBNR we are carrying relative to case for some of those years. And further, I would encourage you to look at how much IBNR we're carrying relative to our total reserves.
Meyer Shields: Okay.
Rob Berkley: For those years.
Meyer Shields: Helpful, And....
Rob Berkley: And I think that directionally should give you something to hang your hat on.
Meyer Shields: Perfect. And if I can throw in one other question really quickly.
Rob Berkley: Sure.
Meyer Shields: When you look back at the experience you had as you sort of expanded modestly into property cat in 2023, does that leave you wanting more or less exposure in 2024?
Rob Berkley: The answer is that I think that 2024, at least so far, based on what we saw at 1/1, is likely to continue to provide a very good opportunity. Is it going to be quite as attractive as 23? Perhaps not, but I think that even if it isn't, that doesn't mean it's no longer an attractive opportunity. So we, as far as property cat goes in a very measured way, continue to be bullish on the opportunity. But as I said earlier, we are doing a bit more, but if the growth is really driven by the rate, I don't think you are going - you would not see a dramatic shift in our risk profile.
Meyer Shields: Okay, understood. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Hi, good evening, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Good evening.
Brian Meredith: A couple things here. First one just on that, just some clarity here. So obviously, big growth in property reinsurance. What did you all do at 1/1? I'm assuming we won't see the same type of growth in 2024 that we saw in 2023 in that area. I know you were pretty opportunistic in '23.
Rob Berkley: I'm sorry. As far as our property writings?
Brian Meredith: Property re. Property re. Reinsurance.
Rob Berkley: Reinsurance starting. Brian, I think that - I think, I'm happy to share that with you, but I want to check with our General Counsel to make sure that I'm allowed to share that with you. But what I know I can share with you is that our general view on the property cat market at 1/1 was that it was still very attractive, maybe not quite as attractive as it was at 1/1/23, or said differently, I think the market is still very attractive, but I also believe it has peaked, at least for the moment.
Brian Meredith: Okay, interesting. And then I guess my next question. Rob, and we talked a little bit about this earlier. The ceded reinsurance program and your flexibility there. I'm just curious, is this kind of the time in the market that maybe you do want it to retain more of that business just because rates are quite adequate, your operating leverage is still relatively low compared to history? Why wouldn't you kind of just lean in here and retain more of it?
Rob Berkley: And - there are parts of the business that we are grappling with exactly those questions. Ultimately, the reinsurance marketplace, from our perspective, is that there are some people that are our partners through thick and thin, and there are some people where it's much more of a transactional relationship. Those that are our partners through thick and thin, we are not likely going to cut them off, if you will. Those that are more transactional in nature, we come to the table recognizing we are renting their capital, and we have a choice whether we're going to use our own or whether we're going to rent theirs. And my colleagues are pretty good at doing the math and we try and figure out what makes sense. So are there parts of the business where if the reinsurance marketplace were to push us, we might exercise that option of keeping more for exactly the reasons that you're flagging?
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thanks. And then can I ask one big picture question? I'm just curious. If I look at the industry and the commercial lines and the combined ratios and margins that companies have been reporting, and you've been pretty consistent the last couple of years, but they're about as good as they've ever been, right? I mean, at least in 2025 years. So I guess my question then is with the client pushback there, with the broker pushback, when you're kind of trying to push for incremental rate, and I get it, that loss cost inflation is improving a little bit here, but the returns the industry is generating right now are incredibly attractive.
Rob Berkley: I'm not close enough to it, but I think we're using a pretty broad brush. I think that if you look back at some of the personal lines players or even some of the commercial line folks that write property books, it hasn't been necessarily a wonderful five years for them. Maybe it's better today. But when the day is all done, I think one needs to use a bit of a finer brush and really look at it at product line by product line. I think, as I suggested earlier, I think Q4 is going to be a really attractive quarter for many market participants. But I don't think 2023 proved to be this remarkable experience for all carriers. So again, do I think that the industry is in a better place today, certainly for many product lines, than it's been at other moments in time? Yes, I agree with that comment. But I think if you look at the total results for a lot of insurance companies for the '23 year, not everyone is hanging their hat on a return that starts with a two.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question, Brian. Have a good night.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good evening.
Josh Shanker: Hi. Good evening, everybody. Thanks for taking my call at the end. There's probably a Rich question here. I'm looking at the traditional investment income and stepped up materially $249 million in the third quarter, and you're about $280 - having $288 million, I think, change for this quarter. That's a pretty large step up and the implied yield stepped up a lot. Is there any one-time type of coupons or one-time dividends in that number, or is that a good approximation of where the yield on the book was through the fourth quarter?
RichBaio: So we have seen a - an increase, Josh, in the overall book yield, I'd say from a fixed maturity perspective, we certainly have been able to deploy capital and reinvest at higher rates, as Rob was alluding to earlier in some of his remarks in terms of the - where the new money rate is and where the roll-off is. So certainly that's been a big contributor to it. We did have a little bit of an uptick, if you will, with regards to some securities that we own in Argentina that are inflation-adjusted as well. So that did create a little bit of an uptick. But I would tell you that the book yield in the quarter, I would say, core would be around 4.7%, which is certainly up from where we were at the end of the third quarter.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. And you spoke, Rob, about the new money yield being in excess of 5% right now.
Rob Berkley: Yes.
Josh Shanker: And given all the chatter and whatnot about rates and everything, a lot may have even happened since the new year began. Is there any desire or action going on at the company? Duration is still 2.4 years. Is there intention to crystallize some of the yield at these higher yields available in the market right now?
Rob Berkley: So, Josh, our goal is, if the opportunity presents itself, to move that duration out a bit from here, if that is your question, I want to make sure I'm understanding it.
Josh Shanker: Yes, I mean, or - 
Rob Berkley: We're going to move it out - 
Josh Shanker: Yes, same way. Different way of putting it,
Rob Berkley: Yes. So our desire is to move it out, but we're going to move it out when we see the window of opportunity. So would we like to see that move out to '25, '26, '27 over time? Yes, we would. But we're going to do that in a way that makes sense. So I would encourage you to stay tuned. And we're - there's a lot of volatility in the world, and when we see the things working with us, we're going to try and lean into that window, but we're just trying to roll with the punches. And again, it's remarkable volatility.
Josh Shanker: And one last investment-oriented question. Given the macro outlook for things at this point in time, does it make sense to lean in and perhaps contribute more of the portfolio to the investment fund type of investments?
Rob Berkley: Actually, I think at this stage, quite to the contrary, we're very pleased with what this traditional fixed income portfolio is offering us. And I think, just as a general mix, while we - I don't see us exiting alternatives, I don't think that there's the same level of encouragement or it's not as compelling to look in the alternative directions as it once was given where fixed income rates still are.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for all the answers. Good luck to the new year.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, sir. You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Good evening.
Yaron Kinar: Thanks for taking my questions. Just first question, just looking at the property market, so sounds like maybe a seat, but still pretty attractive returns there. I think you guys have gone through some remediation efforts on the property book as well. I guess with that in mind as we look at '24, if your costs correctly, you're still thinking of growing that book more through rate than through exposures, is that correct? Why not lean more into exposure?
Rob Berkley: I want to draw a distinction. First off, as far as things peaking, that comment was suggested that they may be peaking in the property cat market. And I'd like to draw a distinction between the primary or insurance market versus the reinsurance market. And in addition to that, I would suggest that it's important to draw a distinction between the property cat market versus the property risk reinsurance market because they are clearly not one in the same in our opinion. As far as our desire to grow the business, look, if we like the margin, we are going to lean into it. And I think that at the moment, generally speaking, we like the opportunity that continues to exist in the reinsurance marketplace when it comes to property. And we are certainly paying attention to a lot of the opportunity that exists in the primary property insurance space, particularly as it relates to E&S in the commercial lines. And of course, not to be forgotten, our colleagues at Berkeley, one on the high net worth front, the opportunity for rate, both on the admitted basis as well as, just as a reminder, they are using non-admitted paper as well, is creating meaningful opportunity also.
Yaron Kinar: That's helpful. Thank you. And then my second question, and I'm not sure if you'd be willing to answer this at this stage, but...
Rob Berkley: When in doubt, ask.
Yaron Kinar: I'll try. The - when we see the 10-K and maybe even the scheduled P later on in the year and we look at the results from this quarter, would we see a similar trend to what we've seen so far year to date? Namely, maybe some strengthening in liability reserves of older vintages offset by favorable releases in 2020 through '22?
Rob Berkley: I think directionally, yes, you will see that. Do I think that we are very far or well on our way to having '15 through '19 behind us? Yes, I do. Do I think that it's done? Probably not. Look, we take a different approach than some other organizations when it comes to monitoring our reserves and trying to make sure that we're getting it right. There are some folks that just ignore it for quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, and then all of a sudden they have this giant problem that they need to deal with and they take this massive charge. We take a different approach. Our view is we're looking at it every 90 days or more frequently and we're tweaking it to where we think it needs to be, and we think that that's the more sensible approach. So again, you'll see the information, but I think that we continue to be very optimistic about the more recent years and how that's going to play out. Do I - clearly, some of that good news has been used along the way as we've had some challenges coming out of the older years. I think, again, those challenges are in the rear view mirror and shrinking by the minute. And I think there continues to be a lot of encouraging signs, as I referenced earlier, around the amount of IBNR we continue to carry in some of the more recent years.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions. Have a good evening.
Yaron Kinar: You too as well.
Operator: We do have two more questions.
Rob Berkley: Okay.
Operator: Would you like to continue?
Rob Berkley: Yes, why don't we go ahead and get to those two, if we could, please, Sarah? Thank you so much.
Operator: Perfect. Thank you. So your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Alex, good evening.
Alex Scott: Hi. Thanks for taking - hi, thanks, and good evening to you. I just have one quick one for you.
Rob Berkley: Please.
Alex Scott: You guys have been very good real estate investors over time. So I thought I'd sort of ask a similar question to what Mike asked you before. So just - what kind of opportunities are in real estate? Obviously, fixed income is a lot more attractive right now at higher yields. But are you seeing any stabilizing trends in the real estate market?
Rob Berkley: As far as real estate goes, clearly, there's been a lot of opportunity. Residential has been reasonably stable and has been a good place to be. Particularly commercial on the office front has been more challenging. Fortunately for us, we own some very high quality assets and feel like we're in a very good place there, both with the quality of the assets as well as the occupancy, et cetera, et cetera. Are there going to be opportunities? We're paying close attention, but when you look at where the fixed income market is, the hurdle, if you will, for alternatives, including direct or indirect real estate is that much higher. So are we paying attention? If there was a great opportunity, are we prepared to step forward? Yes, but that hurdle is considerably higher when you look at what we can do with new money on the fixed income portfolio, which gives us good yield, good liquidity, and this risk-adjusted, we like it.
Alex Scott: Understood. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question. Have a good night.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Scott. Good evening.
Scott Heleniak: Hi, thanks. Yes. Just had two quick questions here. Just E&S, you talked about to be an attractive market here. The submission count sounds like it's pretty encouraging still. Can you just - can you comment more on the submission count for the - for Q4 versus the past few quarter, how that's trended and where you're kind of seeing the most opportunity there, if there's any particular lines or areas where it's changed much?
Rob Berkley: So the answer is that it remains as give or take, as robust as ever, and we remain very encouraged. As far as where the most encouraging opportunities are, that's not something that we're going to be broadcasting. I would tell you that products liability has been an area that the standard market seems to continue to have an unquenchable thirst for.
Scott Heleniak: Okay, I appreciate that. And then just the last one is, you mentioned some startups that you had during the year. How many of those did you have in particular, and are you able to talk about what the premium is on those? Just - if you don't have it now, I can get it later. I don't know if you give that out, but is there anything more you can comment on that?
Rob Berkley: Scott, what I recommend, if it's accessible to you, is that you follow up with Karen and Rich, and they'll have a better sense as to what we can share and what we can't. I don't want to get all of us in trouble with the SEC..
Scott Heleniak: Sure.
Rob Berkley: Or anyone else in that matter.
Scott Heleniak: All right, fair enough. Thanks.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for dialing in. Have a good evening.
Scott Heleniak: Thank you.
Operator: I will turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkeley for closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay, Sarah, thank you very much. And thank you to all of the participants. We appreciate your time. I think the quarter speaks for itself. The year speaks for itself. The organization continues to perform at a high level, and as suggested earlier, perhaps the most exciting news is how well-positioned we are for not just '24, but likely '25 and beyond. We thank you again for your time, and we look forward to speaking with you in April. Have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2022 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of the new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Lisa, thank you very much, and good afternoon all, and I guess a second welcome to our Q3 call. We appreciate you dialing-in and your time and your interest today. Joining me on the call, at least on this end, is Bill Berkeley, Executive Chair, as well as Rich Baio, EVP and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow on our typical agenda where momentarily I'll be handing it over to Rich. Hes going to give us a bit of an overview and flag some highlights from the quarter. I will follow with a few comments of my own and then we'll be pleased to open it up for Q&A. Before I do hand it to Rich, I just wanted to make a couple of quick observations and really one macro one in particular and that is on the results of the quarter. I think by any measure, I call it a 20% return is really an outstanding result. The fact is there were no one-time this or one-time that in there, that is truly when you strip it down to its fundamentals, that is how the business is performing. And these great results are really a reflection of a team. This is a team sport, not an individual sport. So my congratulations to all of our colleagues throughout the organization on a job very well done. I have the good fortune of being their mouthpiece in these types of settings. But again, this achievement was a team achievement. To that end, obviously it was a quarter where the organization was able to demonstrate our value proposition to capital. The idea of less risk for more return. We've talked to you all in the past about our, we are preoccupied with a concept that we refer to as risk-adjusted return. You can see it in moments like these that we just saw in Q3 very clearly. When as our Chairman says, the tide goes out, you get to see who's where and what. You could see it in both aspects of our business activities, one being underwriting, the other one being investing. Our underwriting results of a combined of a 90 during a period that had meaningful cat activity is really exceptional. Additionally, on the investing activity, clearly a book yield of 4.5%, while maintaining a quality of AA minus, and additionally, a new money rate of approximately 6%, that is no accident either. These results, these achievements are a result of our colleagues, their focus, their discipline, and their expertise. This call certainly is about reviewing what happened in the third quarter, but I would suggest even more than that, it is about how the table is set, not just for the coming quarters, but the next several years. So I think we are very well positioned. I think there is a fair amount of visibility. We will be getting into that in a bit more detail later in the call. But at this moment, let me hand it over to Rich and he's going to walk us through some numbers. Rich, if you would please?
Rich Baio: Of course, thanks Rob, appreciate it. Net income increased 45.7% to $334 million or $1.23 per share with a return on equity of 19.8%. Operating income increased 30.1% to $367 million or $1.35 per share with an operating return on equity of 21.7%. The company's strong performance was driven by another quarter of significant underwriting profits, bringing the nine months year-to-date to a record, despite consecutive quarters of outsized industry-wide catastrophe losses. In addition, net investment income accelerated throughout the year to yet another quarterly record. Drilling further into the underwriting results, net premiums written grew 10.5% to a record of more than $2.8 billion. We significantly grew the insurance business by approximately 17.5% in other liability, short tail lines, and commercial automobile through rate and exposure. Decreases in workers' compensation and certain professional lines certainly tempered the growth in net premiums written bringing the overall insurance segment growth to 12.1%. The Reinsurance & Monoline access segment was flat quarter-over-quarter with continued growth in Monoline access and property reinsurance. Pre-tax underwriting income was $259 million with the calendar year combined ratio of a 90.2%. The current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophe losses, was 87.9%. Current accident year catastrophe losses in the quarter were $62 million or 2.3 loss ratio points, compared with $94 million in the prior year quarter or 3.9 loss ratio points. The prior year favorable development was approximately $1 million, and the current accident year loss ratio ex-CAT was 59.6%. The expense ratio increased 0.3 points to 28.3% from the prior year and remains in line with our nine months year-to-date. The small increase is attributable to the same items we've communicated during the past couple of quarters, that being the change in outward reinsurance structures impacting seating commissions and increased compensation costs along with startup operating unit expenses. We also continue to invest in technology and areas to drive operational efficiencies. Record quarterly net investment income of $271 million grew by 33.6% with the core investment portfolio increasing by 59.3%. There are two main drivers for the significant increase in the core portfolio, including the rising interest rate environment benefiting the reinvestment of fixed-maturity securities as they mature or are redeemed. And second, the increase in the size of the portfolio, due to continuous record levels of operating cash flows. In the third quarter, we reported another record level of operating cash flow of almost $1.1 billion. To put some context around this point, the book yield has grown from 3.8% in the first quarter of 2023 to 4.2% in the second quarter to 4.5% in the current quarter on fixed maturity securities. The current nine-month year-to-date book yield of 4.2%, compares to 2.6% for the prior year period. It's also worth noting that almost 81% of our net invested assets are in fixed maturity securities, cash, and cash equivalents. The credit quality of the fixed maturity securities remains strong at AA minus, and the duration is ticked up to 2.4 years from the consecutive quarter of 2.3 years. Partially offsetting the increase in the core portfolio is net investment income from investment funds. You may recall this asset class is generally reported on a one-quarter lag and will more closely correlate with the broader equity markets. Accordingly, reported net investment income from investment funds was approximately $4 million, representing a marginal improvement from the first-half of 2023. We continue to proactively manage our capital position as you saw our announcement of a $0.50 special dividend per share late in third quarter in addition to our regular quarterly dividend. This brings total capital return to investors on a year-to-date basis to approximately $775 million, with stockholders' equity increasing to more than $6.9 billion. Book value per share before dividends and share repurchases on a year-to-date basis has increased 13.7%. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thanks very much. That was great. So, I'm just going to offer a couple of other quick observations on the quarter and how we see things unfolding from here, and then again, we'll move on to the Q&A. Rich touched on the top line, obviously, building momentum again, as promised. This is a reminder to some number of quarters ago, we agreed to disagree with a couple of partners as to what we thought was an adequate rate. They did not think that we needed that much rate and again we decided to part ways that had a meaningful impact to the negative on our top line. That pig is making its way through the python to the extent that it's of interest, that was in the auto line. So we wish them well and we'll see how that unfolds. Speaking of different products, obviously the marketplace for the past 12, 18, 24 months or so has been very focused on property and with good reason. I would suggest to you, as we've commented in past quarters, auto liability is one that people need to continue to pay close attention to. I think as far as product lines, when it comes to social inflation, auto liability has the biggest bullseye on its chest. And by extension, that clearly spills over to excess and as well as umbrella. That having been said, just in general, social inflation continues to burn and we do not see that abating anytime soon. Quick comment on workers comp, I know we've touched on this in the past. We continue to be of the view that one needs to be very mindful of medical cost trend. We went through a period of time where it was pretty benign. We think that is shifting very quickly. We've touched on it in the past. We think it's going to become more and more into focus for a broader audience over the coming quarters. In addition to that, the benefit that comp was getting both as it relates to COVID and frequency and then on the heels of COVID a tight labor market and wage inflation, I think those benefits have run their course and clearly wage inflation is slowing. I mentioned a moment ago the topic of social inflation. We are very focused on it. You can see it in our rate increases. Ex-comp coming in at 8.5%. We have every intention of continuing to stay on top of it. We think the market is accepting our rate increases, and you can see that in part demonstrated by our renewal retention ratio continues to be at approximately a steady 80%. Another number that I find useful, perhaps others do as well, is the paid loss ratio. This is a number that we flagged for you all in the past, again coming in at a very healthy 47.9% for the quarter, which obviously, given where we are booking the business, would leave one to believe that the strength of our IBNR speaks for itself and would encourage people to look at our IBNR relative to case and IBNR relative to total reserves to the extent you're interested in the topic. As far as the investment portfolio goes, again, Rich went into some detail on this. I touched on it earlier. But without a doubt, it's not just about the 4.5% that we're getting on the book yield. I think the bigger story is the new money rate today of give or take 6%. You compound that with the strength of the cash flow that the business is experiencing. I think it's again setting a table for a very encouraging future. The duration we did bump out from Q3 to Q4, I think it's more likely than not over time you're going to continue to see that push out. But the fact is, having kept it short the way we have has given us greater flexibility to take advantage of the higher rates in a more immediate or over a shorter period of time. Finally, and perhaps a little bit on the forward-looking and picking up on the comments about the investment portfolio, nobody knows with certainty what tomorrow will bring, and there certainly is the potential for volatility to be around the corner. That having been said, you can see the business's ability to weather a choppy time as far as CAT activity. You can see the rate increases that we are getting, and you can see how, quite frankly, I should say, we can see where the book yield is going. So that all having been said, I think it's very clear where the -- how the business is positioned for the coming quarters and the coming years, and the earnings power of the business is likely to be accelerating from here. Lisa, I'm going pause there, and why don't we go ahead and open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mike Zaremski with BMO. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good afternoon.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good afternoon. Maybe to your comments about the table being set and kind of a bit more visibility, you know, is it -- I just want to just make sure that, you know, this visibility is increasing coming from the investment income, whereas, kind of, you do talk about there being still continued uncertainty on social inflation and medical cost trends, et cetera. Just curious to the latter comments. Has Berkley changed its, kind of, view at all materially over the last couple months or a few months on loss costs, trends?
Rob Berkley: I think social inflation continues to be a challenge. But if you look at the rate increases that we're achieving ex-comp of 8.5%, I think that we're in a comfortable position to be able to more likely than not absorb whatever that inflation trend is sending our way. So do I think there's opportunity for the underwriting result to show improvement over time? Yes, I do. That having been said, when we're generating a 20% return, there is no need to push the envelope. I think if you look at the paid loss ratio and how it's been running for some number of quarters, that should be a pretty good leading indicator. As far as the investment portfolio goes to the point that you raised, Mike, I think it's pretty straightforward. You know, you can see what the new money rate is, you know what the duration is, and you can just -- it's not that hard to calculate the upside from here. And as, you know, time goes by, we're just locking in every day, higher and higher rates and pushing that to reach out. So, from my perspective, certainly there's a lot of upside on the investment portfolio, but I would encourage people not to discount the opportunity on the underwriting side either.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, understood and maybe as a follow-up on the top line growth and you mentioned there were some partners you know part away with that might have led to some of the diesel, I don't know if that was last year, but you know this year we're seeing some momentum in the top line and PW just like pricing let's say being flattish? Any story underlying that you'd like to share a trend line?
Rob Berkley: I think it's just at least what I was trying to articulate to make a long story short. The momentum is returning on the top line, because those relationships that we're in the process of parting ways with are getting towards the tail end. And the impact on the top line is diminishing with every passing quarter. As a result of that, it's impacting the overall less and less. In addition to that, the other piece that I should mention is there are parts of the professional liability market that are really, really competitive and we're just not going to follow things down the drain. If it doesn't make sense, we're not going to do it. And it's a similar story with workers comp. Fortunately, there's lots of opportunities in other parts of the marketplace and you know we are going after those and that's what's driving the growth that you see and I think you're like -- more likely than not to see more of that. Sure is the rate increase a component of it? Yes, but it's certainly not the whole story.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks, good evening. My first question is I guess, you know, building upon the growth conversation, you know, as you guys had alluded to rate growth within the insurance book did pick up in the quarter, obviously, pushes and pulls across the different business lines. Rob, just based off of your overall outlook, you know, how would you expect, I guess, premium growth within that book to trend not only in the fourth quarter but also in 2024 as well?
Rob Berkley: Obviously, at least nobody knows exactly what tomorrow will bring, but as you would see over the past several quarters there has been the momentum that's building and there's nothing that I see today that's going to take the wind out of that sale.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the prior year development, so $1 million overall favorable, was there any noise in either insurance or reinsurance within that $1 million or any noise within different accident years that you want to call out? I know you typically wait for the 10-Q, but anything worth flagging tonight?
Rob Berkley: Yes, I don't think there was anything particularly noteworthy. Rich, did you have anything that he wanted to flag on the call?
Rich Baio: I would agree with your comment, Rob, I don't think there's much, you know, in terms of from a segment perspective, pretty benign, you know, in each of the segments, so I think that's all I would comment before the queue.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Elyse.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Hughes with Truist.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mark, good afternoon.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon, Rob, Rich. General liability, you had another acceleration this quarter, anything going on there are you seeing some sort of rehardening perhaps in GL?
Rob Berkley: I think that it's a combination of things, one is rate, and two, certainly our E&S businesses in particular are benefiting from that as well, and our Specialty businesses overall. I think there's a recognition, two things; one, there's discipline, people are taking the rate, and two, I think that there is a growing percentage of the audience that is looking to do business with carriers that they can have confidence in and that's not just about ratings and in the eyes of the insured, I think it's also distribution partners, where they are trying to narrow the number of relationships they have and have those relationships the more important and really focusing on partners that they know will be there tomorrow in a predictable and consistent manner.
Mark Hughes: Understood. How about the property reinsurance market, had a little slower growth this quarter compared to the last couple of quarters, what do you see happening there?
Rob Berkley: Yes, I wouldn't read too much into that. There's just a fair amount of seasonality, if you will, to how that business is written. There is still a good opportunity there and our colleagues I think are very focused on it.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Alex.
Alex Scott: Hi, Good afternoon. So I wanted to ask you about the paid loss ratios. I mean, you know, I think in 1Q is 48%, it sounds like it's around that level now still. Can you help us think through like how much is that benefiting from the growth in the business, just with insured values and so forth going up, you know, how does that compare over like a longer period of time ex, you know, sort of those items? I'm just trying to think through, I mean it seems like that's an important part of why you're so optimistic on the future. And as you all know, there is a fair amount of criticism of some of the older accident years. I'm just trying to think through order of magnitude, that dynamic, and sort of how seasoned the older stuff is. I mean, anyway you can help me think through all that.
Rob Berkley: Sure, so maybe a couple of comments. First off, as far as the growth and the benefit of the growth, I would encourage you to go back and look at how much growth has occurred because of exposure, if you will, versus how much is the growth has come because we are just charging more for each unit of exposure and I would tell you a lot of it is driven by that. In addition to that, as far as reserves and how they develop out, the average duration of our loss reserves is give or take 3.5 years and that's paid. So what my point is, is that the years that perhaps are viewed as more challenging. I think you should have some level of comfort and sense of where those are coming out at this stage.
Alex Scott: Got it. That's helpful. Second question I had for you is, I guess on general liability, other liability, and maybe the preference between primary versus reinsurance, you know, I'm just noticing the casualty reinsurance has been declining a bit and we've heard some more cautious commentary from some of the global reinsurers. I just want to understand what you're seeing there that's causing you to favor the primary versus reinsurance exposure?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think there are a couple of things, first off, a lot of it is not necessarily that the underlying business is less attractive and maybe about the ceding commissions that they are able to command, and at some point, maybe we think the underlying business is okay, but the ceding commissions that our competitors are willing to play on the reinsurance side, that they don't make sense to us. In particular, I would call out some of the professional liability space, but I'm not going to get into more detail on that. As far as on the liability side on the direct or insurance front, you know, it's just where we see opportunities and we like what we see in much of the marketplace, particularly Specialty, and if you want to get even more granular much of the E&S market. And as you and others are aware, we're one of the largest players in the E&S space and in particular in the liability lines. So this is just a good moment, and again, what's going on with the reinsurance isn't necessarily that we just think the market has gone to hell as far as the primary, we just may not agree with what some others are viewing as an appropriate feed. You know, I have heard as of late from some reinsurers commenting on social inflation, and all of a sudden they discovered this thing called litigation funding and, you know, kind of, makes you scratch your head and wonder where they've been for the past decade, because these are not new phenomenon, these are things that those of us that are in the marketplace, at least in the weeds, we've been not just talking about the dealing with for an extended period of time. So there's nothing new there. I think it's great that they're focused on it, maybe they'll bring more discipline to the marketplace.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh, good afternoon.
Josh Shanker: Good afternoon, thank you for taking my call. Hope everyone's well. Can we talk a little bit short-tailed lines, lot of growth there, you know, I mean, that, you know, that says to me there's property in there, but short-tail is a pretty big catch up for a lot of things, a lot of growth instead what you're finding there and what the opportunities are?
Rob Berkley: Lion's share of its property. There is a little bit of auto physical damage in there and, you know, on both fronts, particularly in the property, I think you know the story as well as we do. There is a need for rate, there is an opportunity for rate, and we are trying to make the most of it.
Josh Shanker: And do you have -- obviously, your reinsurance costs are up a little bit, you're not a huge buyer of reinsurance, are you able to take on some of that increased price to the benefit of the shareholders or some of that getting passed off the reinsurance market.
Rob Berkley: The short answer is, Josh, that we are trying to ensure that the additional cost of that capacity that we rent is being passed on to the client and I think we're doing that reasonably well. Not a perfect indicator, but you can see that in the difference between the gross and the net and part.
Josh Shanker: And then, look, it's down a lot from where it was in 3Q '22 but the cat loss in the reinsurance segment was somewhat high. I don't think your big Hawaiian right, but maybe there's some homes in Hawaii you write the Albo in the Panhandle in Florida, just doesn't seem like that would have been a big area for you. Can you talk about the cat loss a little bit in the reinsurance segment?
Rob Berkley: Yes. The long story short, did we have modest exposure to the things that you're talking about or that you flagged, yes. And then there was also some SCS exposure in there, too.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And if I can get one more in. In terms of -- I know you guys gave the rate -- not really loss trend. You talked a lot about commercial and where it can be. What is the loss trend in commercial auto? And what are you reserving to given your concerns about social inflation? Is there a variance between where you think the loss trends currently and where you're booking it? I know you're trying to be conservative but is this something that's been prepared for in how you're pricing and whatnot?
Rob Berkley: The short answer is on the part of the portfolio. But generally speaking, we are looking to build in a risk margin beyond what the actuarial answer would be.
Josh Shanker: Okay, well, thank you, and have a good evening.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Josh, you too.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
Rob Berkley: Hey, David. Good afternoon.
David Motemaden: Hey, Rob. Good afternoon. Just had a question on the commercial auto premium growth and I guess I hear your commentary loud and clear on social inflation impacting that line, so I was a little surprised that the growth accelerated there, was that more a function of this partner that you parted ways with, resulting in I guess an easier comp or have you seen something change there on the pricing side this quarter that makes you want to lean into the commercial auto market a little bit more?
Rob Berkley: So a couple of things that's worth noting. Yeah, part of it has to do with the a bit of run-off as you alluded to, but the bigger story from my perspective is, the rate that we are achieving. And we are pushing very hard on the rate and we're getting it. And ultimately, we have a view as to how much we need for rate and to the extent that we're getting it, then we don't have a problem writing the business. But we are not going to write it if we don't think we can get the rate that is required plus to achieve our targeted return.
David Motemaden: Got it, thanks. That's encouraging. And then maybe, you know, I know you guys have been vocal on just workers' comp, medical cost inflation, and staying on top of those trends. I'm wondering if you're actually starting to see that come through, then manifest in your claims data, just in terms of the medical cost inflation starting to impact your payments.
Rob Berkley: We certainly are seeing early signs of it, and we've been seeing it for a little while, which has really been one of the catalysts for the caution. I think we've been talking about for some time, how the providers, if you will, their economic model is not sustainable. They -- many of them, particularly the large health systems are destroying huge amounts of capital and something is going to have to give. And ultimately, part of how that riddle is going to get solved is through the payers. Workers' compensation is not going to be insulated from that. The story is not just about pharma. It's about other components of medical costs. And I think you're putting the comp component aside for a moment. If you talk to large payers, the United, the Cigna, et cetera, and you talk about the type of trend that they are seeing and then you extrapolate from that, what does it mean for workers' comp, who, by the way, we probably don't actually, we definitely don't have the same negotiating leverage that someone like a United would have, I think that's pretty instructive.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. And then maybe if I can sneak one more in, just a quick one. I didn't hear you talk at all about the fire losses. And I think is that fair to assume that that's pretty much one you guys have re-underwritten that book, and that's no longer impacting results? Or did that have some smallish impact this quarter as well?
Rob Berkley: The answer is that it wasn't overly noteworthy in the quarter. I'm not inclined to declare victory because then it always comes back to bite us. But I think we're making progress on that front. That having been said, as far as the loss picks go, for our conversation around the environment, we're just not in a rush to do anything but be thoughtful and measured. The fact is the business is generating by any measure, great returns and we don't see that changing. So there's no reason to push better for us just to make sure that it is thoughtful and well controlled. And if we're going to err, we're comfortable erring on the side of caution.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, Rob. How is it going?
Rob Berkley: Es. Im doing well.
Ryan Tunis: First question just on short tail lines. Obviously, there's been some mix shift in that direction. I think that, that would have somewhat of a lower underlying loss ratio. Is that the right way to think about it?
Rob Berkley: I think it potentially does. But with a lot of those lines, you got to remember, we carry a cat load. So we are not going to release the cat load prematurely. So that could spill over that benefit may not be realized, if you will, we may carry that through into a future period. But yes, to your point, would it have a lower loss ratio oftentimes, yes.
Ryan Tunis: And then, I guess, just bigger picture with commercial auto. It seems like it's been like almost an impossible line to underwrite over the past decade. Just curious like for a business like Berkley. Why does that line need to be such a large component of what you underwrite? Is it that it's bundled with other stuff? Or you think you can ultimately get it right? I'm just curious why structurally that has to be such a large part of your mix?
Rob Berkley: Yes. So I think we need to dissect that a little bit. And apologies in advance if this proves to be more of an answer than you're looking for. But as far as commercial auto goes, I would draw the analogy perhaps to your point that it's sort of the industry's version of whack-a-mole. As far as our book goes, we write it both stand-alone and we also write it as part of a package. Is it relevant to how you write a package? Yes, it is. But that doesn't mean you should write it in an undisciplined manner. I think as far as the Monoline goes, we play when we think we're making a buck and quite frankly, a lot of our Monoline guys, we think, over the past few years have done very well. So we'll see over time, but I think we just have some reservation and concerns about where the marketplace is going. That having been said, it has caused us indigestion from time-to-time. I think we've as of late, have more consistently done better where we're running at Monoline because we are very focused on it. I think there are some examples where we've written as part of a package where we probably haven't been as focused and didn't have is strong and expertise being brought to bear, and that is something that we are working at changing. But yes, are there moments in time where I look at it and I say, how does this make sense? That having been said, there are many parts of this organization where they are doing it consistently well.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Rob Berkley: Hey, Brian. Good afternoon.
Brian Meredith: Good afternoon to you. Rob, just curious, any green shoots at all in the professional liability line and maybe even related to cyber, and we've seen some big losses come through in the cyber area of late. And is that causing any kind of upward pressure on rates and maybe some opportunity around that line?
Rob Berkley: I guess my answer would be not yet. We'll have to see what comes about. Particularly as far as cyber goes, it's going to be interesting to see what type of pressure the reinsurance marketplace brings to bear on the underlying or the insurance marketplace. As far as D&O goes, it continues to be very, very competitive. Other parts of professional liability, I would tell you that to a varying degree, it's pretty challenging out here. So again, I think that you can still make a buck in a bunch of pockets, but you need to be careful.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Makes sense. And then, Rob, just remind me that, that business going through the python. Is it anything impact on your underlying or your loss picks? So you just having to set a little more conservative? Is that book earn kind of runs off here?
Rob Berkley: The answer is as we saw what was going on with it. We pushed the picks up. We think what we're carrying makes sense and it won't be an issue but quite honestly, we wish them well, but we're not going to miss them.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Rob Berkley: Hey, Meyer. Good afternoon.
Meyer Shields: Hi, good afternoon. How are you?
Rob Berkley: Good. How are you.
Meyer Shields: Good, thank you. I wanted to drill down a little bit more maybe into feeding commissions on casualty reinsurance, because we're reading a lot if you said, maybe European reinsurers getting nervous about social inflation. I'm wondering, is it too early or are in your current discussion, so let's say, one-one casualty reinsurance renewals. Is there -- are there any indications of seeding commissions improve it?
Rob Berkley: They don't invite me to their pricing meetings, so I don't know. That hasn't been -- given the chatter, I think they're thinking about it. But we'll have to see whether the dialogue and the commentary materializes in action.
Meyer Shields: Fair enough I wanted to step back a you talked about Berkley's willingness to write more property in the current environment. And I'm wondering about now that we're nine months through the year, how the growth that you've seen compares with the expectations you had and the opportunity you saw as you go back to December of last year?
Rob Berkley: I think that we feel quite good about what has been accomplished by our colleagues and I understand that many of you, the only barometer you have is how much premium that we are writing. But what may not always come through as clearly is maybe we're collecting the same amount of premium but we've reduced the exposure by one-third or maybe we're collecting 30% more premium, but we've reduced the exposure considerably. So it's not just a matter of how much you write. It's a matter of how much you're going to make, obviously. And I think our colleagues both domestically as well as outside of the U.S. have done a nice job navigating the channel and continue to.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thanks. I just wanted to ask about the -- hello again, I want to ask about the expense ratio, particularly in the reinsurance segment, it was pretty low this quarter. Just any general thoughts about expense ratio overall.
Rob Berkley: Look, I think the -- as we've suggested to people in the past, our view is that we're going to be able to keep the expense ratio more likely than not comfortably below $30. That can obviously be impacted as you're familiar, Mark and others are as well. Our oftentimes prefer an approach for growth is through de novo or starting new businesses. When you start a new business and it's in its infancy and doesn't have scale, not a lot of earned premium that has a negative impact on your expense ratio. That having been said, we think it's a much more controlled model to growing the business. So again, does it pick up a little bit, it can go up, it can go down. But probably the biggest driver around that is businesses that we start and the timing for them to get to scale. But I think we remain convinced that we should be able to keep it starting with a two.
Mark Hughes: And so nothing unusual this quarter in the Reinsurance & Monoline excess.
Rob Berkley: Rich, is there anything that you can think of?
Rich Baio: No, I think it's for the same reasons that we've been talking about and that you alluded to, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good afternoon. My first question, and I may be paraphrasing what I think I heard from you, but I think you're not taking the foot off the pedal in terms of rate. At the same time, you are achieving a ROE of about 20% new money rates would suggest upside there. So why is there a need to continue to aggressively push rate here? Is it that you worry about medical inflation, social inflation and once they rear there had they quickly impact margins?
Rob Berkley: Well, I don't think it's once they rear their heads. I think their head is fully reared at this stage, and the neck just keeps growing. So from my perspective, it is exactly what you suggested, it is loss cost trend. And while perhaps there's some evidence that financial or economic inflation is slowing, though still elevated relative to what it's been in the recent past. There is no evidence that social inflation is abating at all. And as a result of that, we're just going to keep pushing. And at a minimum, we need to keep up with that.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then we haven't heard in a while about the international book. Can you maybe give us a quick update there. Is it margin accretive, dilutive for the quarter for year-to-date? How growth patterns developing there?
Rob Berkley: It's accretive. We have some terrific businesses outside of the United States. Run by some outstanding people with a shared set of values that we have in other parts of the business, very focused on a lot of the things that we talked about, particularly risk-adjusted return. And it is certainly not dilutive to the franchise overall.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. If I could sneak one last one, if I may. On the property book in the loss picks there. assume those develop a bit faster than you see in the casualty line. So how long before you start updating those? Is it mostly frequency driven and we could see those start to move according to the actual frequency within a couple of quarters? Or does it take longer?
Rob Berkley: It takes a little bit of time. We look at it every 90-days or so and don't want to get ahead of ourselves. I think there's two pieces to it. One is how do we think about attritional or, if you will, the risk book versus how do we think about the cat exposure. The cat piece is a little bit of a different story, as I was at least trying to suggest earlier, we have a cat load that we build in, and we're not going to release that prematurely. We'll have that roll over from quarter-to-quarter. As far as the attritional goes, we just want to give it a little bit of time to see how it plays out. But yes, it's not -- it shouldn't be measured in years and years.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Rob Berkley for any additional or closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Lisa, thank you very much for hosting us. Thank you to our colleagues for participating in the call. I think just going back to some of the earlier comments, the table is set, and it's pretty visible how it's set. I think the earnings power of the business is just going to be growing for the foreseeable future. more likely than not, we're going to get the double benefit of both of our core activities, both the underwriting and the investing and the momentum should continue. So thank you again, and we will look forward to speaking with you early next year. Have a good night.
Operator: This concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of the new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Breanna, thank you very much and good afternoon, all. And again, welcome to our second quarter call. Along with me on this end of the phone, we also have our Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley, as well as Chief Financial Officer, Rich Baio. And we're going to follow our typical agenda where momentarily, I'm going to hand it over to Rich, who will walk us through some highlights from the quarter. I will follow up with a few observations after Rich makes his comments and then we will be opening it up for Q&A. Before I hand it over to Rich, a few comments from me. Based on everything, I can see -- it would look as though the stage is being set for what one might call yet another but-for quarter for the industry. It would seem as though cat losses don't make a difference. And bizarrely, from our perspective, people seem very quick to back out cat losses as though it's not real money. But ironically, they don't seem to back out the premium associated with the exposure that just had the losses. So again, from our perspective, it's no wonder why the industry struggles oftentimes to make good risk-adjusted returns. In order to do that, one needs to recognize the exposure taking on and not pretend that it doesn't exist, particularly when it occurs. Through our lens, we are in the capital management business. We are focused on risk-adjusted returns and around here, cat losses count. In our opinion, it is not Monopoly money. It is real money. And when we measure how we are doing, we do not back out cat losses. Perhaps we are a bit of an exception to the industry but ultimately, we think it is an economic reality and that's not something we shy away from. So with that, Rich, if you would, please.
Richard Baio: Of course. Thanks, Rob. Net income doubled from the prior year quarter, resulting in $356 million or $1.30 per share. Annualized return on beginning of year equity was 21.1%, driven by strong underwriting and record investment income results. Operating return on equity was excellent at 18.4% and the heightened industry-wide catastrophe activity in the quarter enabled us to once again demonstrate our underwriting discipline in challenging environments. Simultaneously, our decision to maintain a short duration, high credit quality investment portfolio has enabled us to benefit from higher interest rates. Net investment income increased almost 43% to a record $245 million. The core investment portfolio grew 71.6%, driven by a higher book yield at 4.2% in the quarter compared with the preceding consecutive quarter of 3.8% and second quarter of 2022 of 2.6%. Second quarter operating cash flows of $709 million, combined with the first quarter, brings us to a first half year record of almost $1.2 billion and strengthens our ability to grow investable assets at higher interest rates. A duration of 2.3 years also positions us well to reinvest assets at a higher new money rate on fixed maturity securities compared to the roll-off of existing investments while maintaining our high credit quality of AA-. The investment funds reflected a loss of $1 million, driven by a decline in market values in certain funds in the consumer goods, real estate and financial services sectors. Please keep in mind that we report our investment funds on a 1-quarter lag. Pretax net investment gains in the quarter of $59 million is comprised of net realized gains on investments of $47 million and an improvement in unrealized gains on equity securities of $21 million, partially offset by an increase in current expected credit losses of $10 million. Turning to underwriting results. Underwriting income was $265 million, representing a calendar year combined ratio of 89.6%. Current accident year catastrophe losses were $54 million or 2.1 loss ratio points compared with the prior year of $58 million or 2.5 loss ratio points. Prior year development was favorable by $3 million or 0.1 loss ratio points, bringing our current accident year combined ratio ex cats to 87.6%. Current accident year loss ratio ex cats was 59.5%. The expense ratio ticked up 0.4 points to 28.1% in the quarter, consistent with the expectations we previously communicated. The 2 main contributors include the change in reinsurance structures as well as increased compensation costs and start-up operating unit expenses. We're working hard to identify and implement innovative strategies to drive operating efficiencies and leverage technology in order to reduce operating expenses across the entire organization. Closing out the underwriting discussion with premium production. We increased gross premiums written by 9.3% to a record $3.3 billion and net premiums written increased 8.7% to a record $2.8 billion. All lines of business grew in the Insurance segment, with the exception of professional liability and workers' compensation, while property reinsurance grew in the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment. Stockholders' equity remained strong at almost $6.9 billion after returning more than $320 million of capital to shareholders in the quarter. We repurchased almost 5.1 million shares for $292.5 million at an average price per share in the quarter of $57.79. In addition, we paid regular dividends of $28.3 million. The combination of these capital-related actions for the first quarter including the special dividend translates to $614.5 million returned to investors on a year-to-date basis or 9.1% of the beginning of year stockholders' equity. Rob, I'll turn it back to you. Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Very helpful. So look, I think the market continues to not operate in any type of lockstep where major lines, as we've discussed in the past, continue to somewhat march to the beat of their own drum. In addition to that, we continue to see the marketplace struggling with trying to strike the balance between rate need and keeping up with loss cost trend, on the other hand, a desire to grow. This is an industry where you can, practically speaking, grow as quickly as you want to. It really becomes a much more challenging exercise, though, when you were looking to achieve a certain loss ratio which will deliver a return that is acceptable in the end. For us, rate adequacy to support a reasonable loss ratio and deliver an acceptable return has, is and will remain a priority for us. I believe that this has been demonstrated over time through our results and, obviously, our continued focus on making sure that we are keeping up with trend comfortably. A couple of soundbites on the marketplace and major product lines. And I would hope it will dovetail in with some of Rich's comments and where we have been growing and parts of the marketplace that we find less attractive and we're playing a bit more defense. For starters, speaking of defense, I think public D&O within the professional line space is clearly a place that one needs to pause and tread carefully. We are seeing the pricing erode at a very rapid pace. Clearly, there has been good margin in the business but that seems to be whittling away quite quickly. As far as liability lines and maybe under the umbrella of social inflation, we continue, particularly in the auto space or especially commercial auto, to see great challenge. That's also spilling over into GL and, ultimately, umbrella. And what I mean by that is the plaintiffs' bar is very aggressive and they are taking a variety of new tactics. We think that we are able to keep up with it appropriately through terms, conditions, attachment points and, of course, pricing. But it is not lost on us that it is a challenging moment and requires one pay close attention. In addition to that, there is growing evidence that the tail associated with some of these product lines maybe extending a little bit, particularly on the claims -- excuse me, on the occurrence front and to a certain extent, on certain aspects of the claims made upfront. Property, I think it has finally come into focus what needed to happen as it relates to cat-exposed properties and that seems to be spilling over into the non-cat or risk property account where additional rate is required. The other piece that's worth mentioning, at least through, in my opinion, is Tier 2 cat which I would define as severe convective storm, wildfire, winter storm, etcetera. These are things that were a bit of an afterthought. And I think after the past several years, they are becoming much more front of mind. Last comment as it relates to market conditions would be workers' compensation, certainly a topic we have discussed on these calls in the past. There was a period of time during COVID, where clearly, there was a break that was caught on the frequency front for the industry. Frequency has returned to a more traditional norm but one of the things that we've been waiting for and we're starting to finally see rear its head is medical inflation. It is our expectation that you are going to see more medical inflation coming through to all payers, including the workers' comp space. And as a reminder, slightly over 50% of every claims dollar associated with workers' compensation stems from medical. So again, we can get into more details on that to the extent people are interested later on. Last comment on the marketplace. There continues to be this bifurcation between where the standard market, particularly national carriers, have an appetite. They seem to be very aggressive. But where they don't have an appetite, that is creating great opportunity for the specialty, in particular, the E&S space. The submission flow that we continue to see remains robust and we are very encouraged with what the balance of the year likely holds and beyond. And certainly, the early returns on July are positive. Rich talked about the top line. Obviously, we benefited from the rate increases that we continue to get, the ex comp rate increase during the quarter was 8.2% which was reasonably consistent with what we saw earlier this year. I think the loss ratio demonstrates, yet again, our strategy around how we manage exposure, how we have balance in the portfolio and how we think about risk and return. And certainly volatility is folded into that and, in our opinion, is a key component in building book value. As far as the expenses go, Rich touched on that as well. We remain very focused on making sure we're thoughtful about the dollars that we spend and there's nothing that leads us to believe that, that number won't remain comfortably below 30. And pivoting over to the investment portfolio, we remain -- we continue, I should say, excuse me, to be rewarded for the position that we took as it relates to duration. Obviously, as we've discussed in the past, we benefited in having less of an adverse impact on our book value as rates moved up. And in addition to that, we were able to put money to work at higher rates more quickly than many of our peers. The new money rate in the quarter was probably around 5.25%-plus and as you would gather, relative to the book yield at 4.2%, that would suggest we still have significant upside and that will come into focus over some period of time. Rich mentioned the duration at 2.3, I think it was at 2.4 last quarter. Just to clarify that, that was really as much as anything, just rounding. That having been said, we are paying close attention, as you would expect, for the window of opportunity; and when it presents itself, likely you'll see that duration start to push out again. So all things being equal, I think a very solid quarter for us on virtually every front. I think when you take into account the cat activity that the industry faced, we fared particularly well. And in spite of that, our ability to generate a 21% return, I think, is really a great positive and a tribute to our colleagues and to our strategy and how effectively they are executing. When the day is all done, the goal of the exercise is to build book value. There is no question that is the goal. Ultimately, it's when building book value, it is not just about the steps you take forward. It is also about the steps you take -- that you avoid taking backwards. So with that, Breanna, we'd be very pleased to open it up for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, Rob, is on the underlying combined ratio, the 87.6% in the quarter. I was just curious if there was anything one-off in that number. I know the last couple of quarters, we've seen some elevated non-cat fire losses that you guys have called out. Was there -- were there any similar losses in the quarter or anything within that 87.6% we think about the level of margin we could see in the balance of the year?
Robert Berkley: That pig is still making its way through the python. I don't have a specific number for how much it contributed but it is reducing, if you will but it did play a role. I think the other piece is just general mix as well in the portfolio. As you can see, it shifts a little bit every day as far as the underwriting portfolio. But yes, there was a little bit of non-cat property in there but it is diminishing.
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of the mix, right? So your rate ex comp in the quarter was 8.2, right? We can call that stable with the 8.3 last quarter. And I would have thought, like given we've heard of a lot of strength within property in the quarter that you might have seen the rates move up a little bit. Is that just a function of mix?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think it's a function of mix. And certainly, we are benefiting as much as anyone on the property front. At the same time, there are clearly challenges for workers' compensation. And you can see that and, quite frankly, how much we are growing or not there. And on the professional liability side, as Rich flagged as well, D&O is very competitive. So the number that we give you is an aggregate, obviously but I can promise you that we are getting good traction on the property front. And the more cat exposed it is, the more traction we are getting and it's significant.
Elyse Greenspan: And then one last one. The PYD, you guys said was favorable $3 million. I know you guys typically wait for the Q to give insurance versus reinsurance. But could you give us a sense of the magnitude in one segment versus the other?
Robert Berkley: Honestly, relative to the reserve position in both, it was de minimis. I think one -- I don't have the number exactly in front of me but one was a little bit positive and one was a little, I think, modestly negative, if bad [ph].
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: First one I had is on the reserve sort of a follow-up on the PYD question. In your commentary, you mentioned occurrence and the tail potential yet extended. You mentioned plaintiffs' bar and medical inflation and so forth. I mean I would think all of these things would potentially put pressure on some of those reserves. Can you talk about why you didn't feel like you needed to make adjustments, sort of confidence in those reserves despite some of those headwinds that you see?
Robert Berkley: The answer is because a lot of what you -- I was referencing and you just referenced are things that we have been anticipating. And when people have been asking us, why aren't you dropping your current accident year? Why aren't you dropping your loss ratios? Because there's a lot of uncertainty out there. So we feel very comfortable about where we sit at this stage. We revisit and look at our loss ratios by product line at a very granular level with some regularity, that being every 90 days. And we think we are in a good place to be able to absorb what we are seeing.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then a follow-up, maybe just a high-level question on excess and surplus versus standard lines. I know in the past you've talked about standard lines and a lot of things going over; I mean we're certainly hearing about it in personal lines. I mean can you help us think through that end and just how that's been going in the last quarter and where you're seeing opportunities?
Robert Berkley: Our E&S businesses, their submission flow is very robust. And again, we are -- there's nothing that leads us to believe that the market, by and large and the lines that I talked about is softening in any capacity. There's a lot of momentum out there not just in the property but in the liability, including pockets of professional. That's why I called out D&O, in particular, because that is a particularly challenged line. That's why I called out workers' comp. It has been very competitive for an extended period of time. But much of the rest of what we do, we are seeing very strong submission flow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Zaremski with BMO Capital Markets.
Mike Zaremski: A follow-up on the question from Elyse in your comments about maybe about some non-cat property losses and you, Rob, used that comment, the metaphor about the pig through the python. So are you saying that some current year property losses led into the underlying -- this -- from last quarter to this quarter? Because I thought you used that term when we're talking about kind of a reserve tail.
Robert Berkley: No. What I'm talking about is that during the quarter, there was some non-cat property losses that contributed to the loss ratio. That is what I'm referring to. That is less elevated than what we've seen over the past couple of quarters but more elevated than what we've seen historically. And the actions that we are taking, we believe, are taking hold but it takes a little bit of time for that to work through the book in its entirety.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Good. And so that makes sense. And just curious, lots of your competitors call out and helps us -- tell us non-cat property was 2 points higher or 2 points less than expected. But Berkley has a smaller property book than some of those competitors. So just curious, are non-cat property losses, is that many -- is that 10 points of your loss ratio? Or are we talking kind of normal, it would be a low active number of points from the loss ratio?
Robert Berkley: No. Property is not a huge part of our book and no, it would not be anything approaching what you -- the number that you were referring to.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And a follow-up on -- you made some interesting comments on some growing evidence that the tail is elongating on occurrence but maybe also at claims made. Just curious if you can elaborate because when we look at -- I thought last time we looked at your -- the statutory pay to incurred loss ratios, we couldn't see that. And I also noticed you didn't give us an update, I don't know if you want to, on just how paid-to-incurred loss ratios are trending for you all.
Robert Berkley: So as far as what we're seeing coming through, it was really more of a comment as far as the tail elongating based on discussions that we're having with our colleagues on the claims front and what they are seeing. So are we going to start to see it in the data? Yes. But one of the things that we try and do is not just wait to see it in the traditional actuarial data but we're visiting with colleagues trying to understand what are they seeing very much on the front lines because that's the leading indicator as to what to expect. I think the plaintiffs' bar is as aggressive as ever. And oftentimes, what they are trying to do is wait till the eleventh hour and then put forth a demand and try and create a situation that is optimal for them. But when -- I think we understand what they're trying to do and we are managing through it. So do I think that this is going to be a radical sea change? No. But are we conscious of it? Yes, we are. And I do not have the loss ratio in front of me but we will follow up with that for you, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And I guess lastly, we've obviously -- we and others value your insights. So when you're -- you've been talking a lot about medical inflation is brewing. In the CPI data, at least, it looks like it's inching higher but still looks a bit tame versus historic levels. Is this thesis kind of based on -- similar to what you just said about just talking with your folks on the front lines and understanding the macro and kind of you feel that there's going to be more inflation coming? Or are you actually seeing it? For example and I'll be quiet, Travelers commented today that the workers' comp inflation is still negative overall for them.
Robert Berkley: I think the frequency trend is very attractive. I would -- I think as far as the medical trend goes, I don't believe that it's a negative and I believe it's going to be ticking up and that's just based on industry data that is available. I think if people choose to dig in, they will find out.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: So my first question, I just been asked a little bit -- earlier today, one of your competitors or maybe not completely a competitor, they reported a significant acceleration in the renewal price change for business written and they said it was pretty broad in their portfolio. And then, that said, 8.2% renewal price change is insignificant but it's fairly stable with what it was last quarter. Has anything -- the mix changes over time but would you say the market today is materially different than the market 3 months ago? Has anything you identified happening dynamically right now in the pricing of business?
Robert Berkley: I think more people are starting to realize that they need to do something about rate. So I'm not going to comment specifically on other market participants. But whoever it is that you may be referring to, maybe they just recognize that they need more. And that's why they decided to put their foot harder down on the pedal. We had a view as to what we need and what rate adequacy is for some period of time and we feel comfortable where we were. It's consistent with where we -- what we believe we need today. So again, I think that we feel as though that we're in a pretty good place.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And if my model is right, I think the quarter enjoyed the most share repurchase you've done on dollar value basis anytime in 15 years. It suggests to me that you probably find the stock attractive at the current value. At the same time, this quarter, you did a 15%, 16% operating ROE in a quarter with a lot of cat losses and poor results on the investment fund portfolio which I think is a pretty good result given the headwinds.
Robert Berkley: Did you say poor results in the investment portfolio?
Josh Shanker: I mean the investment funds portfolio.
Robert Berkley: Okay, yes. Okay, yes. Understood.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Yes. And I mean that's volatile. We know it is. But I think it's a pretty good result. What I'm saying, you have a lot of headwinds and you still had a good result.
Robert Berkley: Yes.
Josh Shanker: The repurchases are a choice but they're also a cost. You could have put that $300 million into more underwriting but you bought back the stock instead. Can you walk us through, I guess, the capital utilization model and how you think about the trade-off between the value of Berkley stock and the value of putting money to work in the 2023 insurance marketplace?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Sure, Josh and thanks for the question. And if I keep it too high level, we're very happy to catch up offline. But ultimately, we look at the business today, we look at where things are going tomorrow. We want to make sure that we are well positioned from a capital perspective to have not just what we envision our need are but plus a cushion. And when the day is all done, to the extent that we have a surplus of capital beyond what we have today, plus -- beyond what we need today plus and see we need tomorrow plus a cushion, then we're going to think about what's the most efficient way and effective way and thoughtful way to return that to the people that it belongs to, that being the shareholders. Obviously, there are different tools that we can use to return that capital. Part of the analysis when we think about the returning of the capital is not just what do we think the value of the business is today and what is our view on what real book value is, we also think about what the earnings power of the business is for the foreseeable future. And then we make what I believe is a thoughtful decision, with all of that and a few other things taking into account the best way to return the value to the shareholders. So that's sort of a long story short. Do I believe that we are able to continue to grow the business at a pretty healthy pace? Yes, I do. Do I believe that we're going to be able to continue to generate very healthy returns? Yes, I do. Do I think we'll be able to do that with an eye towards risk-adjusted return and do it in a consistent way? That is certainly the expectation. So, if you want to get a bit more into the details, we can try and do that offline. But we are not going to just try and hold on to capital that we don't need. In addition to that, we're conscious of what the capital needs will be in the future and we're aware of the fact that certain rating agencies are reexamining potentially what their view is going to be and we have a view as to what that may mean for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist.
Mark Hughes: I appreciate the call. On the Reinsurance segment, your loss ratio was pretty low, hasn't been that low in a while. Is that just good experience in the quarter? Or is this maybe the impact of cumulative rate increases over the last few years?
Robert Berkley: I think it's a combination of both good underwriting and a job well done by many of our colleagues. And again, we also had a bit of positive development coming through there.
Mark Hughes: And then in the GL line, you had a nice acceleration sequentially back up into double-digit growth. You'd mentioned the challenges around the plaintiffs' bar and the inflation but you seem to be enthusiastic. Any additional commentary about what you're seeing in GL?
Robert Berkley: Look, we -- places that we're growing, it's because we like the opportunity. I would tell you, a meaningful amount of the growth in that product line is coming from our colleagues that are managing E&S businesses.
Mark Hughes: And then finally, the casualty re was down, presumably a judgment on your view on -- again, on the plaintiffs' bar. But is that something you'd probably likely to shy away from here in the foreseeable future?
Robert Berkley: No. It's not so much the plaintiffs' bar, though. Obviously, that's a contributor to how we think about loss cost and trend and rate adequacy. But it would seem as though the reinsurance marketplace struggles to have discipline across the board. So just as they're getting more disciplined in the property space, would seem as the professional and liability space may not have the same discipline it had yesterday.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: First question, just on reinsurance. The attritional loss ratio improved quite a bit there. Maybe you could just talk a little bit about either the sustainability of that or the drivers this quarter?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Look, we're pleased with how the business is performing, Ryan. We're not going to get into a whole lot of minutia around that. But we think that the various businesses that make up that segment have positioned themselves well and they're reaping the benefits from it. And we think that it's likely that for the foreseeable future, that we'll continue to see good performance. That having been said, as I mentioned a few moments ago, there was some positive development; and that came out of one of the operations in that segment which was helpful.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then I guess in the Insurance segment, just thinking about growth. Yes, it seems like some of the primary carriers are growing quite a bit more than what the level of rate increases are. And some, like you, your top line growth looks more similar to the type of rate that you're reporting. So I was wondering if maybe you could talk a little bit about, I guess, why we're not seeing something a little bit from a growth standpoint on top of the rate. Is it -- is retention lower than it was a year ago? Are you writing less new business? Just, I guess, give us a look into that.
Robert Berkley: When you look at the group, we're a bit of a bouquet. And there are certain parts of this group that are growing very rapidly. So for example, many of our E&S businesses are growing at a very healthy pace, to say the least. And there are other parts of the organization that are growing as well. But we're believers in underwriting discipline. And as you can see in the release, there are parts of the business that are growing quite quickly, perhaps in keeping with your comment relative to some others. And there are parts where we're just going to be more disciplined. So you would have taken note that workers' compensation, we are concerned about how competitive that marketplace is. And even with the growth in payrolls that we've seen, we are -- I would suggest in somewhat of a defensive mode. A similar story when it comes to professional liability and we're kind of scratching our head around public D&O. If you want to talk about the reinsurance, obviously, the casualty reinsurance is down a little bit and the monoline excess is up incrementally. So I think that -- and I can appreciate why people might look for a broader brush but we're looking at our business and we're looking at each part of the market that we participate in with a very fine brush. And we are trying to make sure we make good decisions in every pocket. And when you add up all the pieces, this is where it came out. Do I think that there is opportunity for there to be pockets of further momentum? Yes, absolutely. But I think that when push comes to shove, that's just the reality of when you put all the pieces together, this is where it came out.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just following up, we've heard I guess, partially in response to the softer professionalized pricing market, there's been a more diverse set of players that find the cyber line attractive. Would you count yourself among that? Or has cyber been a big growth area for Berkley?
Robert Berkley: It's not a big growth area for us these days. There were moments in time where we found it to be very attractive. And then to your point, we saw a lot of people coming into the space. And again, we have the underwriting discipline that we're not going to do foolish things. So have we ever been a giant player in the space? No, we're careful and selective and we're conscious of how to manage the systemic exposure that comes along with that product line. But clearly, cyber has become a more competitive market and we have a view as to what an accurate rate is and appropriate terms and conditions. And we will draw the line in the sand and stay on the right side of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: So I had just a question on these fire losses. Just had a question just in terms of how far along we are in fixing that and specifically how many more quarters would you expect this to really have an impact on results?
Robert Berkley: I think you're going to see it having a diminishing impact on results between now and the end of the year and it will be diminishing gradually.
David Motemaden: Got it. And then I guess, I'm assuming that the shift in mix, just sort of excluding the fire losses, the shift in mix would mean that something in the neighborhood of the loss ratio ex cat, ex reserve development is somewhat of a sustainable level just given the mix shift is obviously enduring. Is that the right way to think about it?
Robert Berkley: I apologize but I'm not sure I fully understand the question. Could we do that once more, please?
David Motemaden: Yes. So looking at the 59.5% accident year loss ratio ex cat, you cited mix as a sign as to why one of the reasons why that was at that level and it deteriorated a bit year-over-year. Obviously, in addition to the fire losses. Is that something -- just given the mix is obviously a more sustainable change, is that something we should expect around that level for the remainder of the year?
Robert Berkley: I can't answer the question with certainty but we think that ultimately, the way the portfolio is running and our ability to deliver a 90 combined or better and then 18% or 21% return, depending on how you look at it, feels like we're in a pretty comfortable spot. Do I think that there's the opportunity for the 59 to potentially improve a little bit? Yes, I do but we're not going to push the envelope unnecessarily and set the stage for disappointment in the future, particularly in an environment that's as complicated and volatile as this. We just don't think that's in the best interest of anyone. So we're -- in our book, at least, achieving very healthy outcomes for stakeholders while still ensuring that we are not putting undue pressure on the situation. And that's a good place to be, in our opinion.
David Motemaden: Got it. And then maybe just a follow-up. Obviously, not a big impact on the entire book with the $3 million of favorable reserve development. But you guys have been on top of the 2019 and prior casualty lines. Can you just talk about any changes you may have made to those lines for those years in the second quarter and how you feel about your reserving position there going forward?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean you'll see more detail when the Q comes out. And to the extent it leaves you scratching your head, we're happy to catch up offline. But I would tell you, we feel very good about where our reserves are and we think they're well positioned to endure some of the things that we think either are ahead of the industry. And again, I think there's been a lot of chatter amongst some observers as to given all the rate we've gotten, why haven't we dropped our loss ratios more and it's because of all the uncertainty. So when the day is all done, do I think that we're in a good place? Yes. When push comes to shove, if you look at the average duration of our loss reserves there, give or take, 3.5 years. So if you think about that and you think about what that probably means as far as how far along that '16 through '19 year is, those years are as far as development, I think that things are -- that would suggest things are quieting down. And of course, as far as the more recent years, we are feeling as though that they're an exceptional place.
David Motemaden: Got it. And then maybe if I could just sneak one more in, just on that last point, the more recent years. I know you had mentioned on the last call that you guys have been measured in terms of how quickly you recognize the progress from 2020 onwards and that could have implications for how you think about loss picks as you make your way through 2023 and into next year. Have you updated this view at all? This most recent quarter, just thinking about some of the comments you made about lengthening tails on occurrence and claims-made form [ph].
Robert Berkley: Obviously, the tail comment has applicability in different ways to different product lines. I think some of the comments, if I recall correctly and maybe I'm mistaken, that you may be referring to would stem from policies that are written on a claims-made form. And when you write on a claims-made form and there is no notice, then that chapter is closed. So putting that aside, to the extent that you do have a notice or you have an occurrence form, then you need to spend some time thinking about how do I think about that tail extending or not. So we, as you would expect, bifurcate the book as we examine it in a variety of different ways and look at it at a very granular level. But I think perhaps what I was just referring to may touch on what you had been raising.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: If we could look at the insurance underlying loss ratio, I think you said that the impact of the non-cat fire losses has diminished a bit year-over-year -- or quarter-over-quarter, sorry. And I think that the overall year-over-year result was greater deterioration than what we had seen in the prior 2 quarters. So I guess what else is driving that today? Is it that you have fewer favorable offsets relative to previous quarters? Is it mix? Why are we seeing that?
Robert Berkley: Putting aside the property piece, to your point, I would say the leading contributor to the question you're raising is mix of business: different product lines, say, different loss ratio picks.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. But I guess on that front, it seems like you are growing the short tail lines faster than most of the other businesses I would have thought those may have a lower loss ratio, underlying loss ratio. Or am I not thinking about that correctly?
Robert Berkley: Some of them do and some of them are -- hold on, I'm just pulling out a couple of papers. Why don't we, as opposed to me fumbling through our papers, why don't we catch up offline?
Yaron Kinar: Okay, fair enough. And then I'll admit I'm intrigued by your comment and I think it's not the first time you've made it about the kind of the but-for approach that the industry has with regards to cat losses. I am curious if we look at the underlying combined ratio that the company reported, the 87.6%, what would that be without the cat-exposed net premiums earned?
Robert Berkley: If we backed out? I'm not sure I understand the question, sorry. What would the 87 be without what?
Yaron Kinar: So I think in your opening comments, you said the industry uses but-for approach and removes catastrophes but doesn't take out the catastrophe-related premiums.
Robert Berkley: Right.
Yaron Kinar: So what would that be -- what would the 87.6% be for Berkley this quarter if we made that adjustment?
Robert Berkley: Well, we don't really spend a lot of time doing that because we don't fool ourselves that cat losses don't count.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: So Rob, just curious, property reinsurance, huge growth in the quarter. Is that you all leaning into the cat reinsurance market? Or is there something else going on there?
Robert Berkley: That is us seeing opportunity in the property reinsurance marketplace. Certainly, cat is a meaningful component of that. And while it's not -- having an overwhelming impact on the group overall, it's certainly a window of opportunity that we're going from a toe in the water to maybe a foot plus in the water. So the short answer is yes.
Brian Meredith: Good. That's helpful. Second question, I'm just curious, Rob, you talked a little bit about pricing. You talked about D&O being challenging and some pressures you're seeing in commercial auto. I wonder if you can kind of bifurcate a little bit in what you're seeing kind of large commercial and then as you work your way down middle and small. Is it more competitive kind of in the excess liability for larger companies? And as you get down less, any differentiation?
Robert Berkley: As far as the liability lines, the larger the account, by and large, the more competitive it is at this stage and that -- and there's our benefit because by and large, we are a small and middle market player compared to many of our peers. But yes, clearly, there is growing competition -- or is more visible with larger accounts.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And I'll just throw one more in here. I'm wondering if maybe you can characterize your primary commercial property book. When you write commercial properties, is that cat-exposed stuff? Is that regular homeowners? What exactly are we looking at when you're seeing that growth in your commercial property book?
Robert Berkley: So in the commercial property book, it's a combination of a variety of different things. Certainly, there's a piece of that in there that's associated with Berkley One because probably we'll be splitting that out as that grows. In addition to that, we certainly write a bit of property that is cat exposed on the commercial line side. And -- but much of it is not a Tier 1, if you will, cat-exposed property.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: A couple of really quick questions, I think. You talked about medical inflation but if I understood your comments correctly, that seemed to be mostly emerging in workers' compensation. And I was wondering whether you're seeing the same sort of pickup in medical costs in, I don't know, commercial auto or medical malpractice?
Robert Berkley: So it is -- as far as medical malpractice, I would separate that as to -- that's a different issue. But as far as the medical costs go, as far as what is the Band-Aid cost today versus what does it cost yesterday for an injured worker, our expectation is that, that is clearly on the rise. Are you going to see it in other product lines? Yes but to a much lesser extent because when you think about a claims dollar, medical plays a far more significant role with workers' comp than any other product line that we're in.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. That's helpful. And then early on, I guess, in Richard's comments, you talked about -- well, I guess, I don't know if it's his or your commentary, actually but the expense ratio sit comfortably below 30. Was there any in the quarter's expense ratio that benefited it? Basically, the premise of the question is that comfortably below 30 doesn't even seem to be that high of a hurdle to achieve.
Robert Berkley: I think we're just trying to give people guidance for the long run. And ultimately, our expense ratio can, at any moment in time, be adversely impacted by investments that we are making, whether that be in technology or whether that be in a new business that we are starting that's early on or in its infancy. So I think we're just trying to give people guidance as to what they should be expecting going forward longer term.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fair enough. And then one final question, if I can. I know it's really early in the third quarter but there's been a school of thought out there that maybe once we went through a full year of professional liability rate decreases that they would calm down. Based on your comments, it doesn't seem like you're seeing that...
Robert Berkley: Are we talking specifically about -- are you referring to the public D&O?
Meyer Shields: Absolutely, yes.
Robert Berkley: Yes. There's nothing that we're seeing as of now that would suggest that it's bottoming out, or let alone, pivoting.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Heleniak with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak: The first question I had was just on the investment funds. You had a loss there in the quarter. And I'm just curious if you have changed any allocations there? Or just any kind of update on what's going on there in the strategy for that -- for the second half of the year and into 2024, if there's any change in that thinking.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Look, the -- just to qualify that a little bit, certainly, we weren't happy with the performance but the loss was about $1 million or so. And what is driving that? It was primarily a participation in some alternative investments or private equity specifically, where there were some marks that they took down on some investments and then that trickled through to us. How do we see that unfolding from here? We'll let you know. But at this stage, I think that we're comfortable that people are taking the action that they need to take to make sure that those funds are appropriately marked but we're dependent on getting that information from the managers.
Scott Heleniak: Okay. Were those marks significant then for the quarter for the alts? Is there a number that you had on there?
Robert Berkley: You can follow up with Rich or Karen for the specifics but it was enough to take what's been a reasonably healthy run rate and bring it down to essentially zero.
Scott Heleniak: Yes. Okay, got you. And then, just one more question. You mentioned there'll be a window of opportunity to deploy capital into higher-yielding securities in your durations at 2.3 years now and I'm just wondering if we might be getting close to that window of opportunity and how you see that playing out as well.
Robert Berkley: It's certainly our hope and we're waiting for that to occur. And yes, we think it's coming but it may take some time. And ultimately, as in everything we do, we're focused not just on risk-adjusted return but we're not going to -- in an effort to -- we're not going to compromise, if you will, in a foolish way. And again, we are eagerly looking for the opportunity to allow us to extend that duration out a little bit. But right now, we are getting reasonably well rewarded for the position that we've taken.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: I'll give one more question but I don't know if I can get a great answer. Can we talk about share repurchases versus special dividends and how you think about the value of doing both those things?
Robert Berkley: Josh, I think that was a pretty good prediction on your part as to the quality of the answer, at least that you'd get from me. But why don't I hand it over to our Chairman, who also moonlight as our Head of repurchase.
William Berkley: Josh, so I think that it's a constantly changing thing. It's based on the opportunity at any point in time. We will never do either if it precludes us from investing the money in the business opportunistically. So we will never do any of those things if they constrain our management of the business. At the moment in time where we think we're generating extra capital and we look ahead and see that we're going to have extra capital, we'll then make the judgment as to the share values, sort of looking out ahead versus the kinds of returns we think we should get to give our shareholders money. There's not an absolute rule, I think, that when the stock gets down to what we would say is an attractive price, we sort of -- we pay that and it just got, relatively speaking, more attractive price until you go back probably -- certainly more than 15 years. So, we were more inclined to do it. And it's a judgment we make each time we decide that we think we're going to have excess capital for a period of time as far ahead as we can see. And we try and make the judgment at that point in time, the stock price versus what we view as the intrinsic value of the enterprise. And we look ahead; so it's not that there's an absolute rule changes as we look at where we are, we're -- our leverage is a lot more stable now. We have the longer-term debt. We don't have any of those kinds of uncertainties that we had before. So there's not really a single rule that we go by. It's really looking ahead and saying, how do we think we'll best treat the shareholders by using the money effectively. And that obviously has to do with the price of the stock relative to the intrinsic value of the company.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Rob, I will turn the call back over to you.
Robert Berkley: Okay, Breanna, thank you and thank you all very much for joining the call. Again, I think this was a moment where the company once again demonstrated its ability to manage risk and to focus on return and recognize that volatility is an important piece of that. We will look forward to speaking with you all in about 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 13:40:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation, and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Emma, thank you very much, and good afternoon to all participants. Thank you for finding time to join us this afternoon. Co-hosting with me today is Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman, as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We are going to follow our typical agenda, where momentarily I'll be handing it over to Rich. He's going to run through some of the financial highlights from the quarter. Once he gets through his comments, he'll be handling it back to me. I will follow-up with a few of my own observations, and then the three of us will be available for Q&A to answer any questions people may have. So with that, Rich, if you would, please.
Richard Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. The company is off to a strong start with the first quarter of 2023 despite the significant catastrophe losses facing the industry. Our scale, specialization and disciplined management approach positioned us well to report an annualized return on equity of 17.4%. Contributions to this performance was reflected in both underwriting and investment income. The current accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes was a strong 87.7%, and investment income approached the record level achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by significant growth in our core portfolio investment income of more than 80%. The balance sheet also strengthened with stockholders' equity growing to a record level of more than $6.9 billion and book value per share increasing 3.7% in the quarter. The company returned almost $300 million of capital to shareholders through regular and special dividends, as well as share repurchases resulting in growth in book value per share before dividends and repurchases of 7.2%. The short duration in the fixed maturity investment portfolio of 2.4 years and high credit quality of AA-minus benefited unrealized investment losses by approximately $181 million. Continuing on investment performance. Net investment income increased almost 29% to $223 million. The income attributable to the core portfolio substantially increased due to a higher new money rate on fixed maturity securities compared to the roll off of existing investments. In addition, strong operating cash flow of approximately $445 million in the quarter, increased our investable assets, and will further contribute to growth in net investment income. The book yield has increased from 3.6% in the fourth quarter of 2022 to 3.8% in the current quarter on fixed maturity securities. The investment funds reflected income of $2 million for the quarter, primarily arising from declines in market value in the financial services and consumer good sectors, partially offset by income from transportation and energy funds. Pretax net investment gains reflected an increase of $43 million in unrealized gains on equity securities, bringing our total unrealized gains approximately $114 million on the balance sheet. Equity investments in the technology sector drove the quarterly improvement. Partially offsetting these unrealized equity gains were losses recognized of approximately $21 million. Turning to underwriting results. Underwriting income was $234 million, which included current accident year catastrophe losses of $48 million or $1.9 loss ratio points and prior accident year unfavorable development of $24 million or one loss ratio point, principally from property catastrophe losses. Winter storms impacted both the current quarter and carried over from late loss activity in the fourth quarter of last year. This compares with catastrophe losses in the first quarter of 2022 in the amount of $29 million or 1.3 loss ratio points. The calendar year loss ratio for first quarter of 2023 was 61.8%, and the current accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses was 58.9%. The growth in net premiums earned of almost 11% continues to benefit the expense ratio. However, a number of factors are causing the expense ratio to increase a half a point to $28.8%. First, the change in our reinsurance over the last year has lowered our ceding commissions on certain treaties where we've moved from proportional covers to excessive loss and/or reduced our quota share% ceded to reinsurance partners. In addition, increased compensation costs to new start up operating unit expenses are contributing to the higher expense ratio. We still expect our expense ratio to be comfortably below 30% as communicated on our fourth quarter call. Wrapping up with premium production, net premiums written grew by almost 7% to approximately $2.6 billion. The insurance segment grew 6.6% to $2.2 billion. And as you saw in the supplemental information on page seven of the earnings release, all lines of business improved with the exception of professional liability. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 7.1% to $363 million a record level for the segment with growth in all lines of business. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Rob.
Robert Berkley: Rich, thanks very much. That was great. So let me provide a couple of observations through my lens. And then, again, as promised, we'll open it up for Q&A. So, upon reflection, certainly one of the things that we chat quite a bit about on our end of the phone is this, taking note of how clearly the cycle remains alive and well and the emotions and that drive the behaviors remain very much intact. But we continue to take note of a fact how major product lines, while they are still subject to the cyclical behavior, the fact of the matter is, they are clearly not in lockstep at all. And we've talked about this in the past, but it seems to be becoming more and more pronounced. So to that end, just a snapshot on how we're thinking about property. Clearly in, what I would suggest is, early stages of meaningful firming. From our perspective, it is a little bit disappointing as to the momentum that we saw on the insurance side when it comes to property in January. We saw a little bit more momentum in February. And quite frankly, March, we started to see real progress in April. I think there was meaningful traction as far as rate goes. While it perhaps is a little bit more pronounced or extreme on the CAT side, I would tell you these comments apply to non-CAT or risk exposure as well. Professional liability on the other hand, clearly, it's a very broad category and it is a mixed bag. I think on the miscellaneous D&O front, particularly written on an E&S basis, there is still great opportunity and we are making meaningful hay there. On the other hand, the D&O marketplace, particularly large account D&O, I would tell you for some number of quarters and it continues to be in the state of free fall as far as rate adequacy or pricing, if you will, and it is concerning to us. In addition to that, though a smaller line than D&O, I would tell you hospital professional liability is another product line where it's in desperate need of some discipline returning to the marketplace. Moving away from professional on to the topic of casualty. I would tell you that it seems from our perspective, there is also meaningful opportunity there, particularly in the E&S lines on the primary front and the excess front, particularly large accounts becoming more challenging. Clearly, a similar situation on the auto classes as well. Where Excess is becoming a bit more competitive and the primary there is competition but not as bad. I think the industry needs to be very careful with the professional casualty and auto, in particular, because they are notably susceptible to social inflation. And from our perspective, while there are signs that economic inflation is cooling a little bit from the heights that it reached, social inflation. There's really no sign or indication that we see that coming at all. Moving on to comp. Clearly continues to bounce along the bottom. One observation there historically or at least oftentimes California has lagged the rest of the market as far as where it stood in the cycle. There is some evidence that California is actually ahead of the rest of the market and showing potential signs of firming. Finally, reinsurance, I think there was a lot of excitement and discussion around affirming reinsurance market. Certainly from our perspective, the reinsurance market, particularly around property and property CAT has gained a meaningful level of additional discipline relative to where it's been in past years. That having been said, the casualty, somewhat disciplined and there are certain parts of the professional marketplace that had given us reason to pause. As we are just not seeing the ceding commissions coming down, even though we are seeing the pricing of the underlying erode. Pivoting over to us, a couple of sound bites, I think as Rich suggested, 17.4% return, great way to start the year in our opinion. The top line was impacted by what I would refer to as strong or excellent cycle management by our colleagues as we are deemphasizing certain product lines and leaning into other product lines. Just as a reminder, our priority is the bottom line. We are focused on building book value through a lens that we refer to as risk adjusted return. And we applaud the discipline and opportunistic approach that our colleagues operate with. On the topic of rate as we were touching earlier, clearly the rate was quite strong in the quarter, which we were pleased to see. The 8.3% ex-comp is the strongest that we've seen on the rate front since this time last year or same time last year. Additionally, I would mention that the renewal retention ratio still is hanging in there around 80%, which as we've mentioned in the past, we think it's an important data point, because it reminds us that we are not churning the book, but it actually the rate we are getting is sticking, we are not changing the quality or integrity of the book, important thing again. I guess finally just on the 8.3%, I think by any measure, we are comfortably outpacing trend. And I think it is likely that you will see that coming through in our loss ratios over time. Even with the CAT activity, the 90.6% combined, I think is quite attractive. If you're [about] (ph) four person, which I am not, it would have been an 87.7%. Obviously, the difference, as Rich alluded to and you would have picked up in the release was two things. One, obviously, the CATs that we had during the period, which equated to approximately 1.9 points and then we had a point of negative development. Now before anyone gets too carried away with the negative development, it was essentially driven by property and property CAT losses that happened during the fourth quarter. And as people will recall, some of that CAT activity happened late in the fourth quarter, and we just didn't have our arms fully around it. So please don't misconstrue the development for being something different than it really is. Paid loss ratio, 48 and changed. I think people will presumably continue to take note of the delta between the paid versus what we are booking the loss ratio to. We get questions from time to time, given how well the paid loss ratio has been running relative what we -- the loss ratio picks that we are carrying, when are those going to converge? And I would tell you that, it's coming. In my opinion, I think there's a reality for the industry and we are not completely insulated from it. 2016 through 2019 was a challenging period of time. I think that we have been cautious and measured as to how quickly we want to recognize the progress that was made 2020 and more recent than that. But I think that's coming. I think it's going to come more into focus as we make our way through this year into next year and likely we'll have implications for the lost picks that we are carrying in the more recent years and also how we think about current year lost picks. Rich touched on the expense ratio, the 28.8%. As he suggested, partly driven by new business initiatives, partly driven by some investments that we are making, particularly on the technology front. And finally some shifts that we are making on the reinsurance as he alluded to. The [seed] (ph) on something proportional or quota share, obviously, is very different than an [XOL] (ph). And while we are very keen for our reinsurance partners to make a reasonable return, we are unaccepting of being inappropriately gouged and we will use our flexibility as appropriate. Pivoting over -- excuse me, to the investment portfolio. Without a doubt, a lot of momentum there. I think we've discussed it in some detail in the past. You can kind of see it coming our way. I think there is more opportunity from here. The duration of 2.4 years, I think we are looking opportunistically to nudge that out. I don't think we're going to move the needle dramatically overnight, but certainly our hope is that there will be windows of opportunity to nudge that out a little bit. The book yield at 3.8% is notably below where the new money rate is. So our best guesstimate that a new money rate today is sort of between 4.25%, 4.5%. So you can do the math as to the upside there. Rich touched on the funds. We had a little bit of noise in the quarter, not a complete surprise. By and large, it was stemming from some private equity funds that we participate in. We feel like we have clarity around it and it is our expectation that going forward funds performance more likely than not will turn to sort of that range of between $20 million and $50 million a quarter. So long story short, 17.4% return, combined ratio of a 90.6% with some CAT activity, both in the quarter and a bit spilling over from Q4 2022. Rate increases, robust as effort. And of course, the new money rate, 50 basis points plus upside relative to the book yield, I think all those things put together are very encouraging. To the extent you're [indiscernible] person, which I am not again 87.7% would deliver you a 20% plus return. So I think that was more than enough from me. Why don't we, Emma, go ahead and open it up for Q&A, please.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley : Hi, Mike. Good afternoon.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Good afternoon. I guess first question on some of the premium growth changes. It looks like some of the growth rates were somewhat notable in the insurance segment, especially with workers comp growing a lot and some other lines as well. And then -- you know the numbers better than me. Anything you want to call out why workers comp's growing so fast, the California comment or some of the lines that were shrinking a bit?
Robert Berkley: Well, as far as comp goes, Rich, correct me if I'm wrong. I think we were kind of flattish. I think we went from $303 million in the quarter to $310 million, which isn't a large uptick. That having been said, I would tell you it's mainly payrolls. Certainly, we're getting a little bit of traction from our new initiative in California. But what would be driving it more than anything else would be. I think we all have an appreciation for where a wage inflation has been going as of late. And we're picking that up, whether it be in initially or coming through in the audits afterwards. Rich. Am I correct on that?
Richard Baio: Yes. On the primary side, that's right, Rob.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. My bad. I think I looked at [still] (ph) number. So I'll do my best to ask a better follow-up question. So, on the investment portfolio, we've gotten a lot of questions about commercial real estate. Clearly, W. R. Berkley has an excellent track record, but any stats you want to offer additional color on Berkleys commercial real estate portfolio, such as maybe LTVs or anything you think we be thinking about that could be helpful?
Robert Berkley: Well, there's a couple of things there, Mike. First of all, I would -- these buildings, much of it is unleveraged. So as far as the whole loan to value thing. I think the other piece is that, we are very comfortable with the occupancy rate. And we're also comfortable with the credit of the tenants. And as you'd expect, it's something that we pay attention to. So the occupancy rate, the credit of the tenants and the duration of the leases, we think we're in a fine spot.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And lastly, I guess, looking at you're -- thinking about your prepared remarks, it -- when looking at the growth rate trend, it feels like there's a number of puts and takes. I mean, it sounds like guarded optimism. Any help in kind of think of the top line.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Let me try and give you a little bit more color from my perspective without boring you or anyone else too much. The fact is that, from an underwriting perspective, we're focused on the margin. And it's when we see what's going on, for example, in the D&O market, we are not going to follow that down the drain. My expectation, which I think will prove to be right, it's just taking longer than anticipated, you are going to see us on the property side be able to flex up a bit. January, as I mentioned, was disappointing. February, maybe we saw a couple of green shoots, March was encouraging and April so far, there's visible traction. So, we have a diverse book of, what I would define as specialty insurance. As I tried to allude to earlier various products, they don't march in lockstep. If we were a mono line player, the peaks would be high and the valleys would be lower. But because of the diversity and how the cycle has decoupled by product, it's a more stable ship. My best guess is that, you're likely going to see our growth rate tick up as we make our way into this -- it could be in the second quarter, but certainly as we make our way into the second half of the year. I think you're going to see us writing some more property. I think you're going to see our momentum continue to build with some of our E&S casualty. I think you're going to start to see some of the comp lines bottoming out. I think you're going to see the D&O market at some point, it's going to -- at least the erosion will slow. So my best estimate is that, you're going to see the growth rate tick up certainly in the second half of the year based on what I can ascertain. And it could tick up a bit in in Q2.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question, can you just provide a little bit more color on what drove the accident year ex-CAT loss ratio, deterioration, and insurance? And how should we think about the balance of the year, given your design ratio concept?
Robert Berkley: So I think probably the biggest driver there would be non-CAT property related losses, Elyse. And I think we had alluded to in prior calls that we had been looking at this. I think there are a couple of things that needed to be tightened up. They are being tightened up, and I think that pig is making its way through the python at this stage. But I think that would be the bigger driver -- biggest driver of non-CAT property.
Elyse Greenspan: And how large were the non-CAT property losses? Or is that the sole driver of the year over year deterioration in the underlying loss ratio and insurance?
Robert Berkley: I don't have the exact number in front of me, but that was a big contributor.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, following up, I guess, on the growth question. It sounds like you expect growth to pick up in the second half of the year. You guys used to talk about double digit growth, and I recognize there's a lot of moving pieces. If everything plays out the way that you expect, Rob, I mean, do you think you'd be back to seeing double digit growth in the back half of the year?
Robert Berkley: That's what we would like to see. Obviously, we're going to -- we'll see if the D&O market continues to erode. Akin to the D&O market is transactional liability, which has kind of hit a wall, which has had an impact as well. In addition to that, just getting a little deeper into it at least, there were a couple of relationships that we had, specifically in the commercial auto space where we had a different view than our partners do around rate adequacy. And as a result of that, we've gone our separate ways. And then other areas within professional liability, as I alluded to earlier, we just have a view as to inflation and social inflation. And the cost or the price that you pay for trying to be on top of it is sometimes you're early or ahead of the market. And eventually, more often than not, they will catch up. But the benefit of that is, you don't have the same level of pain that you have to deal with in the future. So long story short, I think we have many, many parts of our business growing at a very high growth rate. Certainly well north of the 10% that you talked about. There are some parts of the business where, to my colleagues credit, they are operating with the appropriate level of discipline. They recognize they can't control the marketplace, they can control their own actions, and we appreciate and applaud what they're doing. But when you put it all together, what comes out in the wash is, I think more likely than not, you're going to see our growth rate tick up from here in the second half of the year.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And one last quick one. Am I right in assuming that the adverse development, the property CAT that, that all was in your insurance segment in the quarter?
Robert Berkley : Rich, I believe so, yes?
Richard Baio : Yes. For the most part.
Robert Berkley : The vast majority was.
Richard Baio : Right.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Josh [Multiple Speakers]
Josh Shanker : Good evening and good afternoon. At the risk of speaking on behalf of the [indiscernible] people, I was wondering -- look, if we go to the last cycle, obviously, things are never the same. But at the end of 2004, 2005, 2006, I don't know when you want to put the end of the last cycle, it turned out that pricing was so adequate that although some people pulled back, you really had another healthy five, maybe longer, years to write stuff that was very attractive. And maybe the less learned was that we should have been more aggressive. I don't know, maybe that wasn't the lesson learned, and there was a lot of opportunity even as pricing cooled off. We have from, I guess, the 2019 through 2021, 2022 cycle, pricing has cooled off. And it looks like maybe there will be some property [indiscernible] but things have changed really, really quickly. Where I'm going with this is, has the industry changed that you're always going to be following the loss costs that everything has gotten more technical and more advanced in a way that there's not a extended period of excess pricing where the insurance companies are allowed to flex their muscles a little bit and gain mixes earnings? Or are you as a company and the industry is always going to be tied to the pricing and the loss trend, such that it's going to be tight going into the years to come, if that makes any sense?
Robert Berkley : I think I follow, Josh. And if I'm not answering the question, then please stop me in my tracks, and we'll have another crack at it. But I think the answer is that, there's more data, there's more analysis, the more technical, so on and so forth in the industry today than there was yesterday. That having been said, in spite of all of that, I think there continues to be examples that would suggest the industry continues to struggle with getting its arms around its loss costs in a timely manner. We can look at what has happened to the reinsurance marketplace over the relatively past -- recent past years. We can look at workers' compensation, where clearly it proves even more recently to be much more profitable than people had anticipated. So is there more data analytics and so on involved? Yes, sir, I believe there is. Is it proving to be the silver bullet or the Holy Grail? I think there's a lot of data as of late that would suggest it's not, and it remains a struggle. So that would be my perspective. Not to beat the topic up too much. I think one of the big differences these days is, again, how separate and distinct major product lines are from one another where they are in the cycle. And the implications for that, what that means to organization's overall profitability and how that may impact their behavior, we'll have to see with time. So I don't know if I answered your question.
Josh Shanker : And so -- yes, I mean -- here's where I'm going. The growth wasn't -- with obviously single digits, you're only get back to double digits. You have the best pricing ex workers' comp that you've had in a number of cores at 8.3%. It doesn't feel like with 8.3% that you're so excited to lean into it just yet. Even though you're saying, look, you're going to see that margin come through in the next few quarters, if it were at 8.3%, I would think that you feel pretty good about things, and we'd already be at the double digit. I'm not telling you how to run your business, but it just seems like that you're already cautious about that.
Robert Berkley : No, I appreciate the observation. And when you first started to ask your question, I was wondering whether you've been sitting in on some of our staff meetings, because the point that you're raising is one of the important points that we grapple with. And that is, how do we make sure that we're appropriately forward-looking and that we don't tap the brake prematurely at the same time, how do we make sure in an effort to not tap it prematurely, we don't wait too long to address changes in the market. And I agree with your point about the 8.3% is very healthy, and we are very much encouraged by that. That having been said: one, as I think you have an appreciation for, we are focused on underwriting margin. We are sensitive to social inflation. We see the claims that the industry is facing every day. Many people read about them in the paper and the trajectory is quite steep. And we don't want to get caught flat-footed. I think our growth rate was adversely impacted by a handful, if you will, or so of operating units -- handful and half of operating companies that are in the group, where market conditions became so challenging. And so less attractive than they were that they drew a line in the sand and that had an impact. In addition to that, sometimes we have a different view than distribution does, as I was suggesting earlier, around rate adequacy. Our obligation is to many stakeholders, including our shareholders, and we are not going to consciously expose the capital unless we believe the rate is appropriate. I think much of what I'm referring to as far as the headwinds we faced, I don't think that they are necessarily going to continue to blow and certainly will not below as hard in the second half of the year as they did in the first quarter. And as a result of that, I think the other product lines you're going to see them continue to lift us. And the drag will be reduced.
Josh Shanker: All right. I appreciate the fulsome answers. If there is time I may more akin questions, but Ill let somebody have a chance. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks Josh. Appreciate the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Ryan. Good evening.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, good evening, Rob. So yes the first question, I guess, you mentioned that the property losses again hit you quarter and you seem to have your hands around that issue. But are you expecting potentially losses to stay elevated there for the time being, like as you're fixing that book or...
Robert Berkley : Look, I can't say with any conviction or certainty, Ryan, how quickly that's going to get back to where we would like it to. What I can tell you is, I think we're getting our arms around it. It takes a little bit of time for that to earn through. The other point as it relates to the accident year loss ratio, which I know is a topic that I've had the opportunity to visit with you about is how we think about the current year in light of the rate increases that we have gotten. And I would tell you that I think the challenges that the industry and again, lead to a certain extent, faced 2016 through 2019 are shrinking in the rearview mirror. And I think the more recent years every quarter, every day, season a little bit more, and that could have implications to how we think about loss picks for the second half of the year.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then on the expense ratio, it was [sub-29] (ph). I heard Rich say you expect it to be sub-30 for the rest of the year. Is that just sort of a generic comment or can you try to say the expense ratio tick up from here?
Robert Berkley : I think what we're trying to say is that the expense ratio is going to float sort of between 28% and 30%. We don't have it down to the basis point, if you will. The tick up that you've seen in part, as Rich mentioned earlier, some of it actually has to do with sort of the people traveling and engaging a bit more. There's some of that. The other part, as he indirectly referenced is, we're making some investments in technology as well. And of course, the ceding commissions which sometimes the cedes are going down with existing structures, but also as Rich suggested, which is often the case, we're pivoting from a quota share to an XOL, which carries a different ceding commission, but we like the trade.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just lastly, Rob, on the buyback, can you give us some color on the timing of when you guys do those repurchases? And have you guys been in the market at all during April?
Robert Berkley : So as far as the repurchase goes to be, perfectly frank, I don't have the data in front of me, but we'd be happy to try and give you some more color if it wouldn't be too much trouble to circle back with Rich or Karen. Or if you can't find them, grab me off-line, and we'll do the best we can to give you some color on that, but I don't have it in front of me.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Robert Berkley : Yep. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you very much [Multiple Speakers] Good afternoon. Just a little more detail on the other liability line. I think you've said the casualty, E&S, primary you think is attractive here. The other liability, premium growth did slow in the quarter. I'm just -- I'm curious whether that's something you think is going to reaccelerate as the year progresses? And if I might ask kind of what were you seeing in pricing trends in that liability line in Q1 versus Q4?
Robert Berkley : Yes. I think the -- generally speaking, the most attractive areas that we're seeing is particularly in the E&S. And I should have mentioned this earlier, Mark, I appreciate you raising it. The flow of business that we talk about from time to time coming out of the standard market into the E&S market remains quite robust to say the least. And we're feeling very good about that. The one outlier would be product liability, where it would seem the standard market, particularly national carriers have regained a bit of an appetite. But beyond that, we're feeling really good. I think you should see some growth or accelerating growth potentially later in the year on the other liability front as far as we go.
Mark Hughes: And then the noninsurance businesses, the revenue was up pretty meaningfully this quarter. Was that just a timing issue or some other driver?
Robert Berkley : Rich, was that Greenwich Aero or...
Richard Baio : No, that was -- we had acquired a business last year. And so, in the first quarter of 2022, it was not in the numbers because we didn't acquire it at that point.
Robert Berkley : Very good. That was a business that's part of our in-house private equity, Rich, correct?
Richard Baio : That is part of our private equity operations, yes.
Robert Berkley : Yes. Our in-house operation. So it's a wholly owned sub.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley : Hi, Alex. Good afternoon.
Alex Scott : Hi. First one I had to you guys was just going back to commercial real estate, less about your portfolio currently, but more about -- could that be an existing opportunity, particularly since you're a little short on duration right now to go a bit bigger in a more distressed market?
Robert Berkley : Alex, from our perspective, as I hope you're aware, we're an opportunistic participant. We're certainly conscious of the challenges that the real estate asset class faces today. And we are, again, not going to do anything that one would view as naive. At the same time, if we found attractive opportunities that we thought made sense for our shareholders, then I can assure you that we will be pursuing. So real estate has its challenges, but we're not in a rush to become overweighted, at the same time if we see opportunities, that's fine.
Mark Hughes: Got it. And then just on professional lines and the potential headwinds -- or I guess, ongoing headwinds that you face there, how would you quantify that in terms of how much sort of taking away from some of the other things that are contributing to margin improvement right now?
Robert Berkley : Our margin improvement or top line growth? Or what are we talking about?
Alex Scott : Margin improvement. Sorry. I'm just -- particularly, is that a drag on margins? Can you help us to [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Berkley : I don't think that it's having a meaningful impact on our margins because of our colleagues' underwriting discipline. It certainly is having an impact on our top line also because of their underwriting discipline. And it would be measured in percentage points on the group overall.
Alex Scott : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good afternoon. Its Yaron.
Robert Berkley: Good afternoon.
Yaron Kinar: I'm just curious with the comments on the shift from quota share to excess of loss in -- specifically in insurance. Why is it that we wouldn't see the ceding ratio go down a bit as a result of that? I think it was pretty stable year-over-year?
Robert Berkley : Rich, do you want to speak to that? We were just talking about it earlier.
Richard Baio : Sure. So when we move to the excess of loss, we don't technically receive ceding commissions, right. On a quota share basis, you're going to receive ceding commissions. On an excess of loss basis, we're going to have minimums in deposits and cost based on subject premium. Those numbers are going to be more, I'll say, fixed in nature as opposed to quota shares, which are proportional. And so these are going to move in parity, if you will, as gross premiums written move up or down. And so for that reason, the ceded premium would not be moving up and down by being in a position where we have the excess of loss arrangements. So that's causing that change. And I think you could see that when you look at the change from a dollars perspective, gross premiums written grew at 6.6% for the group overall. The net premiums written grew at 6.7% and the ceded written premium changed by about 6.2%. So it kind of moved in parity, if you will. But that's -- once again, we have over 125 reinsurance arrangements that we purchased across the group overall, and there's a lot of moving pieces between them.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I may follow up off-line, because I'm still a little confused here. And then my second question, Rob, I think you may have alluded to some seasoning of the 2020 and 2021 accident years and just the very strong environment that you faced in those years. Is that why we're starting to see maybe an acceleration of releases in some of the longer tail lines, such as other liability from 2020 and 2021?
Robert Berkley : Quite frankly, as things, to your point, season out, we developed, through the passage of time, greater comfort, greater clarity around where things are going to settle. And we deliberately did not want to declare victory prematurely. And I think, again, as time continues to pass, you're going to see us develop a greater degree of confidence as to what the outcomes are going to be in some of these more recent years.
Yaron Kinar: Right. I'm just -- I guess, I'm coming out from a slightly different perspective. It seems to me like we're seeing some acceleration of that favorable development from those years relatively early, considering that we're a year or two out for these longer tail lines. So is that just because the number -- the years were so incredibly good that you are gaining that comfort level sooner?
Robert Berkley : I think the answer is that we have -- we've gone through a pretty extensive analysis that we'd be happy to talk with you about off-line, but it probably would take up quite a bit of time. But if you're interested, we'd be happy to walk you through what we've done.
Yaron Kinar: Great. I defiantly pick you up on that. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Hi. Good evening, Rob. A couple of quick ones here for you. The first one, was there any impact in the quarter from your FI book from some of the banking kind of losses and maybe that had a little impact on some of your loss ratios or not?
Robert Berkley : No, nothing that would be outside of the loss ratio picks that we're carrying for the product lines. We've -- will we have some exposure? Yes, but relative to the group overall, it's just kind of flows through.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And I guess my second question is, as we look at -- you're looking into 2023 here, did you change your view at all on loss trend as you look into 2023, particularly given your comments maybe in commercial and auto? And then also, if I look at your 1Q 2023, you talked about the non-CAT weather issues. Did you change your casualty loss picks year-over-year, did they go up, down, stay the same from a casualty perspective kind of overall?
Robert Berkley : So we, with some regularity, are looking at our picks and trying to make sure that they're where they should be. The answer is, Brian, that some move up and some move down depending on the data, we look at the business at a pretty granular level by operating company, by product line. So I don't have off the top of my head exactly what the net impact was, but there are certainly some things that we've ticked up and maybe a couple of things that we've dropped.
Brian Meredith: And loss trends, any thoughts?
Robert Berkley: As far as loss trend goes, if our -- the view that we had, generally speaking, around loss trend that we entered the year with remains intact. It certainly -- we appreciate that maybe economic inflation has cooled a little bit, but we remain very concerned about social inflation. And we think we're in a good place relative to that. But we don't think that this is the moment in time to reduce the focus, the intensity and making sure that we're getting -- collecting enough premium to keep up with that trend.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thanks so much. Rob, I was hoping we could follow-up on some earlier questions by line of business. You talked about workers' compensation largely growing through, I guess, higher payrolls. Can you talk about what's driving the commercial auto growth? I'm asking because the sense we're getting is that, there's still an awful lot of either social inflation or driver shortages that would pressure the line. I hope you could talk through what you're seeing.
Robert Berkley : The commercial auto line and the growth that we are seeing is really a combination -- it's primarily -- a lot of it's rate for starters. I don't recall exactly how much rate we got in that product line, but it was meaningful, particularly on the auto liability front, but across the board. So I think that is really the bigger driver when you look at the growth. In addition to that, we do have a new operation in the space, and they're getting some momentum as well. But for the most part, I think what you're seeing as far as the commercial auto growth, a lot of that is really just driven by rate increases.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's good to hear. And then second question, I don't know if this is better for Rich, when you talked about the impact of changing reinsurance on the expense ratio. Should we see some sort of benefit in the loss ratio to the extent that you're moving reinsurance to XOL from quota share?
Robert Berkley : The answer is that we think that it's going to -- what you're going to see is we're going to hold on to more premium. And we think that the loss ratio is healthy. But I don't think you're going to see that benefit immediately because of how we assume a recovery or not. Rich, did you have anything you wanted to add to that?
Richard Baio : No. I think that was exactly spot on, Rob. I would agree with your comment.
Robert Berkley : Its great. Usually its not the case.
Meyer Shields: All right. Im all set. Thank you.
Robert Berkley : Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley : Hello, David. Good afternoon.
David Motemaden: Hey, good afternoon. So just -- I had just a question just on the non-CAT property losses this quarter. I think there were fire losses last quarter when you had it. Wondering if you could elaborate or was it fire again? And then maybe talk about what changes outside of just seeking additional rate you're making to address these? And if this impacted your approach at all to growing property?
Robert Berkley : So the answer is that, certainly fire and other non-CAT related losses were a meaningful piece of the puzzle. While rate helps solve the puzzle, the -- I think part of the solution is also coming from selection. The work that I referred to that colleagues have done on this front. Certainly, again, rate is a piece of it, but I think it's even more so about selection. Was there another piece that I missed? Sorry.
David Motemaden: Yes. And then I guess just there is -- we've seen it in the past few quarters in the underlying or in the accident year loss ratio ex-CAT as well as in the CAT line, I guess, as well as, adverse PYD this quarter. But is this volatility? I guess, how are you viewing this? Has this impacted your approach to growing property at all?
Robert Berkley : I think it hasn't necessarily had a blanket impact on us as to how we think about growing property, but it certainly has been instructive as we've done some work as to how we think about rate and selection.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then you mentioned a few times throughout the call, Rob, just there are certain product lines that you're deemphasizing, a few operating units where you had to draw a line in the sand. Outside of -- could you just touch on what lines those are?
Robert Berkley : Sure. There was -- some of -- it's a little bit anecdotal, so I would encourage you not to read too deeply into it. But certainly, there was some other professional liability that we took a firm -- or we have taken a firm position on, again, to my colleague's credit. Some of that is written out of the U.S., some of it is written out of our Lloyd's operation. In addition to that, we've taken a bit of a firm position on certain assets of our participation in the commercial transportation space, where, again, as I suggested earlier, we just have a different view than our distribution partners did around rate adequacy amongst other things. And that's life, and we wish them well. But professional and commercial auto would be the two big areas that come to mind.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe just a higher level question just on social inflation. You've mentioned it a number of times and potential problems looming for the industry on 2019 and prior years. I guess just by your estimation, how far along are we in terms of seeing some of the courts reopen? And maybe some of those claims actually come through and actually see that starting to hit some of the carriers and just the industry overall?
Robert Berkley : Yes. So certainly, from our perspective, by and large, the legal system is up. And I almost said functioning, I really should say, running because I'm not sure if it's always functioning. But the short answer is, I think the general consensus on -- in our shop. And again, it varies by jurisdiction. But there's probably still, call it, give or take, an 18-month delay relative to where things were pre-COVID. And I think people are trying to catch up. But I think beyond the delay, I think it would be a mistake for anyone to underestimate how aggressive the plaintiff bar is these days. And oftentimes, people read about some monster headline and they think of it -- some monster award in a headline, I should say. And they think about it in a one-off manner. And I would suggest that oftentimes, that's just the tip of the spear. So it's a very challenging moment. We feel very good about how we have approached making sure that we have set enough aside for what claims cost will be both today and tomorrow. And we think our colleagues that are handling these claims are very well skilled to ensure the appropriate outcome for all stakeholders, including our insureds.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Great. Thanks. I appreciate that perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with BMO. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mike. Mike, you there?
Mike Zaremski : Thanks. Yeah, Im here. Just a quick follow-up on just the overall marketplace competitiveness and dynamics. Im just curious, if anything, other than increased data analytics has caused the pricing environment to maybe [indiscernible] is not the right word, but to change pretty fast in a number of lines of business. You've said a number of times how the market is not moving in lockstep. Is anything like a structural change with broker consolidation or just maybe barriers to entry are lower on the -- I'll be quiet, but on the Marsh call today, for example, they talked about 20 new carriers entering the professional liability space, which has caused the soft market there. So just curious if anything has changed or this is just how it always used to be.
Robert Berkley : Okay. I think just picking up on that point, if I may, if we use public D&O, particularly large account public D&O, which is certainly a product line that is of great interest to an organization like Marsh. I think there are a couple of realities in that and what I mean by that is, both the supply and the demand side are struggling. So I don't know if the number is 20, but clearly, there have been a lot of new entrants. I think some of the reality is, there's not a lot of barriers to entry to getting into that space. So clearly, there's more supply. I think the bigger issue relative to where we were not that long ago is the reduced demand. Given what's been going on in the capital markets, we have seen a dramatic reduction in IPOs. We've just seen a dramatic reduction in a lot of the activity that would drive D&O purchasing. In addition to that, transactional liability is something that tends to go hand-in-hand with those that are offering D&O. So M&A activity has reduced dramatically IPOs, SPAC activity, et cetera, et cetera, has fallen off a cliff. So you have a little bit of a perfect storm. And not to create too much of a negative connotation, but the reality is that the demand has been reduced and the supply has increased, and that has led to an unattractive competitive environment from our perspective. Our colleagues, I think, as I suggested earlier, very knowledgeable, very skilled. They understand that their job is not to issue insurance policies they are capital managers, and they are going to expose the capital in ways that they think is sensible.
Mike Zaremski: Helpful. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A for today. I turn the call back over to Rob Berkley for closing remarks.
Robert Berkley : Okay. Emma, thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation. We look forward to speaking with you again in 90 days. Before we sign off, I'm going to hand it over to my boss, who is here, who has a couple of final comments.
William Berkley : I think that it is a business that's easy to get into. And everyone needs to remember that it's not so easy to get out. You sign on the very long-term commitments. And the brokers who have their customers really need to be sure they get paid. So very quickly, if you don't meet your commitments, you lose your place in the market. We've been here now for more than 55 years. And we've always operated with a long run view, always understanding what risk means and always understanding that our commitment to our customer, our ultimate customer, the ensured, is paramount. Sometimes, that means we don't go along with what everyone else does. But we have a good sensible approach. And for us, the better the data you have, the better you can respond, the better job you can do. We continue to be optimistic that we're in touch with the marketplace, in touch with our customers and our distribution. And while we may miss a beat here and there, we're pretty optimistic that we're going along right where we ought to be. And we do see that we'll grow a lot when the opportunity to maximize our returns there, and we'll [indiscernible] our capital when it's going to be marginal return. So I thank all of you. I thank all of you for supporting us all these years. And I look forward to demonstrating our commitment and our success. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.
End of Q&A :

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W. R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Just a reminder, todays call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation, and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. And now, I'll turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Mr. Berkley. Please go ahead.
Robert Berkley: Bo, thank you very much, and good afternoon all, and a warm welcome to our fourth quarter call. On this end-of-the phone co-hosting with me is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman, as well as Rich Baio, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer We're going to follow the typical agenda as we have done in the past and I'm going to hand it over to Rich momentarily. He's going to walk us all through some highlights of both the quarter and the year. Once he is through with his comments, I'll pick it up from there, offer a few observations and thoughts of my own and then we will be looking forward to opening up for Q&A and taking the discussion anywhere participants would like it to go. One thing before I hand it over to Rich, and that is just maybe taking a moment to pause and reflect publicly on the year, and we'll be getting into the numbers and the results, but it does seem appropriate, at least from my perspective and our Chairman's perspective to extend some recognition. Thank you and congratulations to our colleagues. I have the good fortune of being the mouthpiece or the one that has the opportunity to talk about the results, along with Rich and Bill Berkley, but these results, these outcomes were achieved because we have thousands of people that are working diligently every day in a thoughtful and methodical manner. So to all my colleagues that happen to be tuning in, I hope you will accept the heartfelt thank you again and congratulations on a job very well done. With that, Rich, if you would please.
Richard Baio: Of course, and thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. 2022 can be marked as a record year in many areas of the business. The company ended the year with a strong fourth quarter. Net income increased almost 30% to $382 million, or $1.37 per share with an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 23%. Operating income increased approximately 14% to $323 million, or $1.16 per share with an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 19.4%. Our results reflected record underwriting income as well as net investment income. Severe named cat activity continued to challenge the industry, as evidenced this quarter by winter storm Elliott and prior quarter events like Hurricane Ian amongst many others. Our disciplined underwriting approach and exposure management led to record pretax quarterly underwriting income of $292 million, representing an increase of approximately 12% over the prior year. On a full year basis underwriting income eclipsed the prior year by 21.3% reaching more than $1 billion for the first time in the company's history. Pretax cat losses were $31 million or 1.2 loss ratio points in the quarter compared with $48 million of 2.2 loss ratio points a year ago. Net premiums written increased to more than $2.4 billion. The growth in the top line was adversely impacted by approximately 75 basis points due to the weakening U.S. dollar relative to many foreign currencies. On a segment basis, insurance grew 7.2% in the quarter to more than $2.1 billion from rate improvement and exposure growth. All lines of business increased with the exception of professional liability. The Reinsurance and Monoline Excess segment increased to $281 million in the quarter, with growth in all lines of business. On a full year basis, gross and net premiums written grew to record levels of $11.9 billion and $10 billion respectively. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes was impacted in the quarter by non-weather related property losses, which drove the increase of approximately 1 loss ratio point to 59.3%. Prior year losses developed favorably by approximately $0.3 million, resulting in a calendar year loss ratio of 60.6%. The expense ratio was flat at 27.8% quarter-over quarter. Record quarterly net premiums earned through -- grew more than 14% in the quarter, continuing to benefit the expense ratio. We do anticipate that our 2023 full year expense ratio should be comfortably below 30%, taking into consideration, investments in technology, rising compensation costs, and new startup operating unit expenses. In summary, our current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes for the quarter was 87.2% and our calendar year combined ratio was 88.4%. Net investment income for the quarter increased more than 40% to a record of approximately $231 million, led by income in the core portfolio, which increased approximately 75%. The combination of our short duration, high quality fixed maturity portfolio, along with record level operating cash flow of approximately $2.6 billion in the full year enabled us to invest at higher interest rates. Our book yield on the fixed maturity portfolio increased from 3% for the third quarter to 3.6% for the fourth quarter, which compares very favorably to 2.2% in the year ago quarter. Our new money rate exceeds the roll-off of our invested assets and we expect net investment income to continue to grow. The investment funds performed well, with a book yield of 5.6%, despite the deterioration in the broader equity markets in the third quarter. And as you may remember, we report investment funds on a one quarter lag. The credit quality of the portfolio remains very strong at a double A minus with the duration on our fixed maturity portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents of 2.4 years. Pretax net investment gains in the quarter of $75 million is primarily attributable to an improvement in unrealized gains on equity securities of $88 million relating to investments in the industrial, energy and financial services sectors The company actively manages its foreign currency exposure. The U.S. dollar weakened in the quarter relative to many foreign currencies, which resulted in a pretax, foreign currency loss of $34 million. For the most part, this loss was offset by an increase in our currency translation adjustment, a component of stockholders' equity. And accordingly, the result was an immaterial net impact on book value. Stockholders' equity increased more than $400 million in the quarter or 6.3% to $6.7 billion. The unrealized loss position on fixed maturity securities improved in the quarter. Book value per share increased 8.1% and 6.1% in the quarter and full year, before dividends and share repurchases. In addition, book value per share increased 1.7% on a full year basis after returning capital to shareholders of $329 million and our full year return on beginning of the year equity was 20.8%. With that, I will turn it back to Rob.
Robert Berkley: Richard, thank you very much. That was great. So I have a little bit of a list here of topics that I made notes to myself on, because I think there is a lot going on in the marketplace, a lot of moving pieces. And obviously, we as a market participant are navigating through that. So maybe a place to start would be a macro observation. And I know we've touched on this in the past, but I think it's very important to keep top of mind. It's certainly something that we are as an organization are focused on. And that is the reality that yes, this is still a cyclical industry, and the cyclical nature is driven, as we've discussed in the past by two human emotions, fear and greed. And for those that want to drill down into that more we can do that offline. But the simple reality is that, this is an industry that is splintered. And what I mean by that is, once upon a time, most P&C product lines marched throughout the cycle, somewhat in lockstep. And what we are seeing more and more is major product lines, yes, still operating and behaving in a cyclical manner, but they are very different points in the cycle. And we're just seeing that in a more and more pronounced way. And when people talk about where is the marketplace, I don't think that there is one answer anymore. It needs to be more granular. It needs to be where is the property market, where is the comp market, where is GL, et cetera. And one can even get more granular than that. So I want to spend a couple of minutes talking about, through our lens, how we're thinking about major product lines and where those product lines stand in the cycle, and what are some of the realities stemming from that. So perhaps a place to start would be property. Clearly has gotten a lot of headlines over the past couple of years. I think many have been waiting for discipline to finally turn up and it seems like it is arriving. We have seen it in a much more pronounced manner in the reinsurance marketplace. And we've seen it begin to sprout some green shoots of discipline in the insurance marketplace with undoubtedly more to come. As far as the property insurance marketplace, we were a little bit disappointed by the lack of discipline that appeared in the fourth quarter. We are convinced, we're going to see it more and more as we make our way through '23. But the simple fact is, it wasn't there. And we've been scratching our head trying to figure out why, when everybody knows reinsurance costs are going up, both cat and risks. And you would think that as soon as that becomes apparent, one needs to start to factor that into how you price your product. The cost of that capacity is going up. And one also needs to remember that these reinsurance covers are not with traction. They are losses occurring. So as you're writing business in the fourth quarter to the extent you're able to, you really need to be not just contemplating but incorporating into your pricing, what that new reinsurance capacity is going to cost, even if it doesn't take effect till 1/1 because that capacity is going to be supporting the risks for part of the year that you wrote in the fourth quarter or even the third quarter and earlier. The property market from our perspective is poised for material hardening. We, I think are thought of by some as a not a property market. And quite frankly, while we have been and are having more of a liability bend, it would be a mistake to think that we do not have the skills and the appetite for property, when we think it makes sense, when we believe it is a good risk adjusted return. And there is a better than average chance from our perspective, the marketplace is moving in that direction. Clearly, it's getting there on the reinsurance front and more to come again, in our opinion on the insurance front. Maybe pivoting over to workers' compensation, I think there was either a poem or a song or something that went something along the lines of waiting for the world to change. So this is one that I clearly have missed the timing on. I had thought that the world would have figured it out by now as far as where things are going and what people need to be doing from a loss cost perspective. Clearly. I was mistaken. From my perspective, based on what I see, and I believe my colleagues' perspective is that comp is likely going to continue to bump along the bottom throughout '23 and we can look forward to '24 and beyond hopefully for some considerable firming, which again is something to look-forward to. But in the meantime, clearly requires thought and discipline, and quite frankly from our perspective, it's a little bit unnerving that some rating bureaus seem to not be appropriately taking into account or adjusting for the frequency benefit that occurred during the COVID. Additionally we think one needs to be very thoughtful about severity trend as well, and what that could mean in the future, especially on the medical front. Auto is another product-line that we think requires thought and judgment. From my perspective, I don't think that there is a product line today that is more susceptible than auto to social inflation, if you like. And the good news is, there is rates to be had if you go after it. The challenging news is, you better make sure you're getting it otherwise it's very easy these days to fall behind loss costs. I'm going to lump GL, excess and umbrella into one part, which is kind of inappropriate, but in the interest of time, I'm going to do it. I think those are amongst the brighter opportunities at this stage. Clearly, again, one needs to be mindful of social inflation. But the rate is there to be had. I would tell you of that universe that I'm referring to the only one area that is -- I wouldn't say concerning, but is on the watchlist is the large account excess business, the large sort of Fortune 5,000 towers. There has been a huge amount of rate that's been achieved in that marketplace. But one needs to be very mindful as to how quickly that could potentially erode. Other than that, I think there's a lot of opportunity there. Pivoting over to professional liability, I would suggest that it's very much two stories there. I would say, on one hand you have D&O and then on the other hand, you have, by and large, everything else. The D&O market few years ago, took off like a rocket ship with massive rate increases to say the least. And at this stage it is gradually coming down to earth. I would suggest that the parachute may have a couple of small holes in it, but it requires monitoring. That is clearly becoming a more competitive marketplace. Other than D&O, professional liability, we think offers a great deal of opportunity, and we view that as a place for us to continue to lean into. I would suggest, smaller part of the marketplace, hospital professional liability is also an area that requires thought and caution. Finally, reinsurance with all due respect to my friends and colleagues in the reinsurance space, I think the -- perhaps the expression that even a broken clock is right twice a day, well, this is one of those moments when the clock is right. And we will see with time how much discipline really is in the market and how long it remains or what the staying power is. I know that there was a lot of attention put towards property cat and what 1/1 was going to hold. Clearly, it was a firming marketplace. We did participate in that. I would tell you that the U.S. market was at least at 1/1 considerably more attractive than what, I would define as the international market or ex-US. So what does this all mean for us, as we sort of pivot to the mirror and talk about our quarter, before we get into few follow-up on Richard's comments. I think what it means for us is there is still great opportunity. I think what it does also mean is that we need to continue to be focused, disciplined and prepared to pivot, as opportunities present themselves and as they diminish and other opportunities present themselves. It's one of the great things about our organization and the breadth of our offering and our structure. We are a collection of specialty companies where we have teams of people with great expertise focused on their niche. These teams of people understand cycle management and they understand their loss costs and how to deploy and manage capital. So long story short, we think we're in a pretty good place. As always, you're going to see parts of the business growing, other parts of the business perhaps shrinking, as we capitalize on opportunities. Pivoting to the quarter, again I'm not going to belabor this, because I think Rich, as always, did a great job. But a couple of observations on the top line. He talked about the FX impact. I would also suggest rate and rate adequacy continue to be and will always be our priority. As we see new opportunities presenting themselves, I flagged property earlier on, our presence within the E&S space, I think is going to create meaningful opportunity for us, certainly over somewhere between the next 12 months to 36 months depending on cat activity, quite frankly. But again, we will see with time. As far as rate goes, as you would have seen from the release we got just shy of 7 points of rate and we think that that comfortably helps us keep up with trend and more likely than not perhaps we are exceeding trend. One of the things, just on the topic of rate, and I apologize if you find this repetitive, but it's something that does come up from time to time is, confusion that exists between renewal premium versus renewal rate increase. Our definition and our true North, in our effort to make sure we understand loss cost and margin, is the number of dollars that we are collecting per unit of exposure. It's not about the amount of premium that we happen to collect. If I'm running a trucking company, and I have five trucks. And at the renewal, it turns out that my number of trucks has gone from five to 10 and I end up collecting twice as much premium, that's not a rate increase. That means I've got twice as much premium, but I got twice as much exposure. And in theory, I need to get more than that to keep up with trend. So when we talk about rate increase, let there be misunderstanding. We're not talking about increase in premium, even though ultimately, it may have nurtured that. Our focus is on the amount of money we collect per unit of exposure. And we work very hard to make sure that when we are comparing unit of exposure to unit of exposure over corresponding period that we have unpacked that, so it is as close to apples-to-apples as one can establish. Another comment that I did want to make is on renewal retention ratio. Obviously, different product lines, different parts of the business, we target different levels of renewal retention. When we look at our portfolio overall, we look through the renewal retention to sort of float somewhere between 77 and 80, maybe 81 depending on the mix. When we see that renewal retention ratio ticking up above that, from our perspective, it is an invitation to be pushing rate harder. We want to be in the market at a granular level, testing it every day to be getting as much rate as we can to ensure that we are at a minimum at rate adequacy. That's a very important thing that is a priority for us as an organization. One last quick comment on the top line that we've talked about in the past, which, again, I think speaks to quality integrity. Our new business relativity for the year was above 100 or above1, if you will, which means we are charging a bit more for new business than renewal again for the year. Moving on to the losses. Rich covered that. I know there may be some folks maybe at a high level, okay, 60.6. For those of you that subscribe to the [indiscernible], you may be looking at the 59.3. What you may not realize and I'm about to share with you is that we've had some fire losses in the quarter, and it wasn't in any particular operating unit. It was pretty widespread. And that added somewhere between 1 point -- maybe 1.25 to the loss ratio. We saw it both in the insurance business amongst various operating units, and we saw it in the reinsurance business too. So we are focused on that, trying to make sure that there's not something that we're missing here. And to the extent there is, we want to be tending to it quickly. One last data point, which, again, I've qualified in the past, and I'm going to qualify now is not the whole story, but we believe it is a relevant data point is the paid loss ratio. A couple of historical data points that I'm going to give it to you for the -- these are going to be for the full year, that way, you don't need to worry about seasonality or anything along those lines. Paid loss ratio for 2017, 57; '18, 57; '19, 55; '20, 52; '21, 45; '22, 45. You can interpret that and extrapolate any way you want, I view it as a data point that doesn't tell the whole story, nevertheless, a valuable data point. Rich talked about the expense ratio, 27.8. Certainly, the whole team on this end we continue to try and make sure that we are getting good value for the money that is spent. Obviously, as it relates to compensation, we are trying to make sure that we have done a reasonable job on behalf of our colleagues keeping up with cost of living, and I think we've done a good job staying on top of that. And as Rich also mentioned, we have ongoing investments on the technology front, which we think are very important for the future. Could it tick up a little bit from here? Yes. Do I think that we are focused, as Rich said, in keeping it below 30 and remaining competitive, absolutely. And we are constantly making sure that our acquisition cost is thoughtful. Maybe just spending a couple of moments following on Rich's comments on the investment front as he flags duration sitting 2.4, the book yield 3.6%. And I think as Rich flagged and I will flag again, the new money rate these days is north of 4.5%, we're flirting with 5%. So I will leave it to others to fill in the blanks as to what this means for our economic model. But obviously, when you think about the spread between the book yield and the new money rate and what we're able to achieve and you extrapolate that for what it means for our economic model, I think it is very encouraging. One last quick comment on the investment front. While we are not in a rush and we are going to do it in a very thoughtful way, we certainly are considering beginning to push that duration out towards to 2.6, maybe more towards 2.8 over time. But again, we are not in a rush. We're going to do that in an opportunistic way as windows open and close. So since I'm onto most of you folks that as soon as the Q&A is over, everyone starts hanging up, I'm going to just offer a couple of quick summary comments, and then we will move on to the Q&A. I think we had by any measure, a very strong year. And I think that when you look at how the business is positioned, while nobody knows exactly with certainty what tomorrow will bring, we have a lot of pieces laid out in good position for the coming years to be very attractive for the business. I think that is both the case on the investment side as well as on the underwriting side. As I suggested a few moments ago, you can see where the book yield is and where the new money rate is and what that means. In addition to that, you can see the rate increases that are earning through and what that is going to mean for the business. I know that there are some that are wondering, why is it that we have not dropped our loss picks more quickly. And it is certainly something that we look at and we visit and we revisit. But you need to please understand that we are acutely aware to some of some of the unknowns and how leveraged the model is, and we want to make sure that we do not take the cake out of the oven prematurely. So with that, I think people have probably had more than enough of me. Bo, why don't we please open it up for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question this afternoon from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on the cat reinsurance side. So it sounds like you guys did see some good opportunities at January 1. Can you just give us a sense of how much growth and how big of an opportunity that presented for Berkley?
Robert Berkley: Yeah. I think that, we saw it as an opportunity, but I don't think you should assume that it's reshaping our book of business as an organization. So I think that we are opportunistic. We put more than a toe in the water, but not more than a foot. And that's just because of our view of volatility. In addition to that, we're going to see what type of opportunities there are in the first quarter and the balance of the year, particularly with some shortfalls in certain market participants covers.
Elyse Greenspan: Did you guys also change your own outbound reinsurance? Do you have a higher retention this year? Were there any changes on your own program?
Robert Berkley: Yes, and you'll get more detail than you're probably looking for in the K. What I would tell you is that our retention did go up. But relative to the scale of the organization and the earnings power in the quarter, it's not particularly material.
Elyse Greenspan: And then you made a lot of good market commentary on different business lines. You've in the past spoken about, right, 15-plus premium growth, that's obviously come down reflective, right, of some of the trends in the comp and in liability lines. How do you think when you put everything together, and I know that's hard, where do you think the top line growth could trend over the coming year?
Robert Berkley: Yeah. So clearly, comp has its challenges. As far as the comment you made about liability, if you don't mind, Elyse, I'd like to get a little bit more nuanced. I think it was really just predominantly a piece of the D&O or the D&O market, the piece of the professional liability that being D&O that is becoming notably competitive. And then we're seeing more competition in the large account excess space. The rest of the GL and umbrella market we think is reasonably attractive even in the environment with [indiscernible] social inflation, we think that it makes sense to us. As far as your question about growth, we'll have to see how it unfolds. I would tell you that based on the limited data I have on January so far, early returns are encouraging. But my ability to speak at a detailed level beyond that, I just wouldn't want to mislead you. But we see a lot of opportunity, and we're watching the opportunity shift from over time from one product line to another. So I think we have good balance to the shift, but we also are very nimble amongst the different parts of the business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. We go next now to David Motemaden at Evercore ISI.
Robert Berkley: Hi, David. Good evening.
David Motemaden: Hi, Rob. Good evening. My first question is, I'm just wondering, if there were any changes at all to how you're thinking about loss trend here in the quarter, both on short tail and long tail lines. I know last quarter, you said at around a similar rate, excluding comp that you're meaningfully above loss trend or I think it was 100 basis points above loss trend. And I thought the commentary this quarter was -- I think you said it comfortably helping you keep up with loss trend and perhaps exceeding trend. I guess, I'm wondering, was there a change in your trend.
Robert Berkley: I think that I probably need to choose my words more carefully. I think from our perspective, by and large, in the aggregate, we are exceeding loss trend at this stage. So if I left you with a different impression, that would have been my mistake.
David Motemaden: Got it. So no change to some of your view of short tail or long tail.
Robert Berkley: Nothing material has occurred over the past 90 days that has changed our view.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe a quick follow-up for Rich. Just could you -- I know for the total company, it was immaterial, but on the prior year reserve development, could you provide that by segment?
Richard Baio: We typically provide that information in the 10-K as opposed to on the call.
David Motemaden: Okay. Great. And then maybe if I just follow one more on -- add one more on. If I think about your commentary, Rob, was pretty interesting on the property side. And I guess I'm wondering, did your view of your own reinsurance costs and retention change your view of the level of primary pricing on the property side during the quarter. Is that -- I guess maybe talk about how that evolved over the course of the quarter.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, I think if anyone was paying attention, you didn't need to be brilliant to figure out that property rates were going to be going up for reinsurance and going up considerably. So I don't think anyone knew exactly down to the dollar or the percent what it was going to be, but you knew it was heading north. And it was just surprising to me that we didn't see more firming during the fourth quarter, given everybody knew where the cost of capacity was. And I guess I could have followed that if people -- if these covers worked in a risks attaching manner. But since they operate in the losses occurring manner, you know that the capacity that you're borrowing from reinsurers, that cost is going up and it's going to be covering the business that you're writing in the fourth quarter.
David Motemaden: No, that makes sense.
Robert Berkley: So to me, the reason -- honestly, we thought there was going to be more firming in the fourth quarter. I think it's coming and certainly in the first half of this year. But it's almost like people need to wait for them to be hit over the head with the reinsurance costs really hitting their P&L as opposed to really taking a step back and thinking about how you match up the exposure with the expense.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Mark Hughes at Truist.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mark. Good evening.
Mark Hughes: Hey, Bill. How are you? I mean Rob and Bill, I hope you're doing well also.
Robert Berkley: Great. Thank you.
Mark Hughes: On medical inflation, you had mentioned workers' comp, you need to keep an eye on it. I think you said that there was potential for susceptible to inflation. Are you seeing anything yet on the medical front.
Robert Berkley: I think that we are paying attention to medical care providers and the challenges that they are facing. By and large, most hospitals and health systems find themselves in a very difficult place if you look at, quite frankly, their financials, their economic models. It's not sustainable. So ultimately, they're going to have to figure out a way to improve their position. And they're certainly not going to get a better result or a better outcome from the public sector or the government. So that leaves the private sector that they're going to be looking to get their pound of flesh from to improve their position. In addition to that, while there's been a lot of discussion and a lot of noise, I don't see anything in the immediate term that is going -- again for the private sector going to change the realities of pharma inflation. So when we look out at where things are going, we think that there is a challenge ahead, and that is going to play a meaningful role in driving workers' comp claim costs. In addition to that, we think, as I suggested, rating bureaus they seem to not be backing out the COVID frequency effect.
Mark Hughes: Do you think the same thing is happening in commercial auto, there's too much reliance on the last couple of years, and that's why it's gotten more competitive. That's why you tapered your business there?
Robert Berkley: I think there are a lot of challenges with commercial auto. I think certainly, one of them is people paying attention to frequency trend. But I think severity trend is for society, for the industry, is really the bigger issue. And when you look at the -- how emboldened the plaintiff bar is at this stage, I think the commercial transportation industry has a bit of a bull's eye on its chest, and we -- who ensure them need to take that into account. And when you drive up and down I-95 at this stage, you see more billboards for plaintiff attorneys than you do for fast food. So that's probably not a great sign.
Mark Hughes: And finally, anything on the audit premium that you noticed that might be some signal in the economy?
Robert Berkley: Yeah. Obviously, it's a lagging indicator, but we continue to see auto premiums coming in at quite a healthy level, and we remain encouraged by that and what that means for our business and what that means at a more macro level to your point, for the health and well-being of the country. That having been said, we, I'm sure, just like you are paying attention to what type of Ts (ph) the interest rate hikes have for the economy and by extension, our clients.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question now from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Alex. Good evening.
Alex Scott: Hey. Good afternoon. First one I have is just a follow-up on workers' comp. I guess we've seen some reasonably large numbers in terms of potential decreases in NCCI. I'm just trying to understand how much pressure we should be thinking about there? I know your book is a little more nuanced than that, and there's a lot of excess and so forth. So I just wanted to understand from you all because it sounds like you still have a view of loss trend that certainly sounds like maybe from your comments is at least positive, let alone may be materially positive versus just big price downs that we're seeing kind of coming out of NCCI. So can you help me think through that? And what kind of impact that may have on the business going into 2023?
Robert Berkley: Sure. I mean from our perspective, we think the -- we're using a very broad brush here. And I think we need to be mindful of that. And we operate the business with a very, very fine brush. So there's a bit of a difference. I think at a macro level, we need to be conscious of the fact that there have been rate decrease after rate decrease after rate decrease and a lot of that decision-making is based on information that people collect through the rearview mirror. And to make a long story short, we just think that you can't wait to see the problems in the results. You need to anticipate that. And I think we're very focused on that. So I think a lot of state rating bureaus, NCCI I think that they just need to be, we need to be as an industry careful that we are conscious of what is going on out the front windshield, not solely consumed by what's in the rearview mirror.
Alex Scott: Got it. And then the second one was sort of a follow-up on some of the growth questions that you guys have received. I mean is there anything to read into the buyback you did this quarter? And seems like E&S property, maybe some of the property kind of coming out of standard lines and the foot in the water on reinsurance in real tangible ways that you can deploy capital. But is this an indication that that maybe you're not seeing as much capital deployment opportunity as you would have liked, and we might actually get a little bit more back in buyback over the next year.
Robert Berkley: I think the answer is that we do see a lot of opportunity before us. And we are conscious of the capital needs in order to support that. I would suggest to you, I would not read too deeply in based on what I can see so far, granted it's just very early in Q1, and I don't have a lot of data but I would encourage you not to read too deeply into the fourth quarter as far as being an indicator for opportunity going forward. . And again, we have a view as to a variety of things, both how we see opportunity going forward. We also have a view as to what the capital that's required to support that. And finally, we have a view as to what we think the value of the business is. And we put that all together and we try and make decisions from there.
Alex Scott: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next now to Ryan Tunis at Autonomous Research.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Ryan. Good evening.
Ryan Tunis: Good evening. A couple for me. First one, just trying to parse out what's happened with the loss ratio this year, at least in my model, because I'm confused because in my model with this quarter baked in the underlying loss ratio looks kind of flattish, '21 to '22. I mean I was hoping, Rob, maybe you could unpack like -- there's obviously noise, but how much did you -- did loss picks go down or whether it was just -- what give you kind of -- what was your view of what the core margin expansion would have been this year, if not for noise.
Robert Berkley: I would have hoped that we could have done a little bit better. But as I alluded to earlier, the fires created some non-cat noise, which we are trying to make sure that we understand and that, that is not a permanent part of our loss activity. So as I said just earlier, that was probably worth more than 1 point, not more than 1.5 points.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then yes, so a follow-up on the fires. We've never really seen that type of non-cat volatility here. And I guess my interpretation of that was your per risk reinsurance program that attaches pretty low, but a little more than a point is close to like $30 million. So it was a lot of...
Robert Berkley: Fires?
Ryan Tunis: Yes.
Robert Berkley: So it was a frequency -- it was a frequency of severity on a gross basis. And honestly, we -- it wasn't concentrated in any one of our operations. And I'm not a big believer and good luck and bad luck, which is why we are digging.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: We'll go now to Josh Shanker of Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: How are you all doing? Thanks for taking questions.
Robert Berkley: Actually, good evening, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Look, earning references, -- what you guys do is hard. It's a very competitive process with a lot of transparency and it's quite attractive. You're not the only ones who want to write that business. I think about four quarters ago or maybe five, you said that you felt that, broadly speaking, your book got to the rate accuracy you wanted, and you're now pivoting to the growth phase and exposures on a backward-looking basis, did you grow as much as you wanted to with the opportunity set as you thought it was? I look at the premium growth this quarter, the lowest quarter of the year, it's been better throughout the year. But it seems like it's kind of pacing with your pricing trends on renewals, and there is a new business baked into there as well. Have you been able to grow with the nasty that you hoped a year or 15 months ago when you sort of announced that of it?
Robert Berkley: Well, Josh, to be perfectly frank, you remember what I say, better than I remember what I say. Nevertheless, I'm sure you're correct. And obviously, we all look out and we try and anticipate and we try and figure out what does that mean? I think in hindsight, you always say to yourself, well, I could have done this. We could have done that. Maybe we want to squeeze a little bit more juice out of the orange and hopefully, that's a learning opportunity to find new mistakes to make in the future as opposed to repeating old ones and no one's effort to optimize. To make a long story short, I think in many pockets of the organization, we did really well and trying to make the most of it. I think there are some pockets of the organization where we did really well quite frankly, being disciplined and letting business go. As I suggested earlier in the call, we have different cycles going on -- same cycles but different products at different points in the cycle. I think one of the pieces that we anticipated but not fully, call it, whatever, 15 months, 18 months ago, I think that we did not fully appreciate what was going to be happening with loss trend, particularly inflation. We were talking about social inflation, and I think we had our finger on that pulse. I think economic inflation, we saw it coming, but it proved to be even more than we had expected. So I think those would be two things that when I made that prediction, those were realities we had to factor in even more along the way than I had when I had suggested it. But I think there are parts of our business, particularly our E&S businesses and others and many of our specialty businesses that I think have done a great job getting a lot of traction. On the other hand, I strongly applaud, for example, our colleagues that are focused on workers' compensation and the discipline that they have exercised. Yes, when you look at one of the pages in our release, you see the comp line growing, but that's really driven by payroll. If you look at the number of accounts, that product line has really shrunk for us because of my colleague's discipline. So directionally, it played out the way for a lot of product lines, I would have anticipated degree wise, there are places where I thought the ports (ph) was going to be hotter and there are places where I thought it was going to be colder.
Josh Shanker: So okay the prediction game is hard to do. You made the point earlier that you run with a lot of leverage. And I just want to dovetail that on what you were seeing before. And you got to be careful, but [indiscernible], there's some people who -- if you're loss ratio deteriorates by 200 basis points, I imagine there would be a lot of unhappy people on this call. But if in doing that, you were able to grow your portfolio 15%, 20% more than you otherwise would have done so, that seems to me a pretty good trade in the long run. Am I right about that or is growth just transient?
Robert Berkley: I think that the point that I was trying to make is, when we think about our loss picks, we need to be very thoughtful and measured because when you make a loss pick, the assumption, there's a lot of sensitivity. So if you are overly optimistic, even if you're modestly optimistic that is very leveraged and that could be a problem. And that's why we, again, do not want to declare victory prematurely as we see things season out, we will start to recognize our accuracy or potentially some caution.
Josh Shanker: And given the good ROEs, is there any reason to relax a little bit on the discipline. That's going to sound bad, but [indiscernible] a little bit more business even if it makes the loss ratio to deteriorate a bit because it will make sense for the long-term growth of the company.
Robert Berkley: Josh, what you're pointing to, I think, is one of the hardest things to do in this business and it's striking the balance, if you will, between optimization of rate versus exposure growth. And it's something that we look to do, not just at a macro level, at a very granular level and optimizing that. So I'm sure in hindsight, there will be parts of the business that we will look back on and say, I wish we had leaned into it a little bit more. But in the meantime, I think we're just trying to make the best judgment we can every day.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for indulging me. I appreciate it.
Robert Berkley: Thank you for the questions, Josh. Have a good evening.
Josh Shanker: You too.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Yaron Kinar at Jefferies.
Robert Berkley: All right. Good evening.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good evening to you as well. I don't want to put words in your mouth, Rob, but I think what I heard you say was in the right market, you may look to lean more into property, both in insurance and reinsurance, if the rates are adequate. If that is the case, can you maybe help us or indulgence us with your thinking about this because on the one hand, I would think it should certainly improve the loss ratios and returns. On the other hand, one of the things I think differentiates Berkeley is a very, very stable loss ratio and underwriting margin. And I would think that underwriting margin probably would incur greater volatility in that scenario. How do you think about that trade-off and the opportunity set?
Robert Berkley: Yeah. So we're very focused on risk-adjusted return. And we think volatility, as you point out, is an important part of thinking about risk. Do I think that we are going to dramatically shift the risk profile of the organization to become a heavy cat exposed writer? No. But do I think that there is opportunities within the property market where rates are going to get to a point that they haven't been in some number of years, and the risk return balance makes more sense than it has? Yes, I do. And to that end, are we going to be prepared to participate in a more meaningful way than we would if it was a less attractive market? Yes, sir, we will. But do I think you should think about we're going to dramatically shift our risk profile and how we think about volatility. No, sir. I don't think you should.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then I think in response to a previous question, you talked about increasing your premium retention, just given the dynamics in the reinsurance market. Can you also maybe talk a little bit about any structural changes that you may have had in your reinsurance program, whether it's lower ceding commissions or higher retention rates or move to [indiscernible], what other changes can you call out here?
Robert Berkley: Yeah. I think ultimately, on a net basis, it's going to prove to be something very similar for the business and by extension for our shareholders. As I said, the retention moved up incrementally relative to the scale of the business and the earnings power of the business on a quarterly basis, forget about on an annual basis. So again, I think that you should not expect that in the event of a cat, we have a dramatically different risk profile. And that, again, is that's by design.
Yaron Kinar: And maybe a follow-up to that. Are there lines of business where your appetite is somewhat curtailed by the fact that reinsurance appetite or structures have changed.
Robert Berkley: No.
Yaron Kinar: No. Okay. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Fortunately for us, we have a lot of long-term relationships on the amongst reinsurance partners. And I think that they are conscious of the fact that we are an organization that is a collection of people of expertise and discipline. And I think people understand that we are gross line underwriters.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question. Have a good evening.
Yaron Kinar: You too.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Meredith at UBS.
Robert Berkley: Hey, Brian
Brian Meredith: Hey Rob. How are you doing? Just a couple of ones here for you. Excellent. God Couple of brokers you've been citing the lack of M&A and kind of transactional stuff going on this quarter versus the fourth quarter last year is a reason for strong organic growth. Are you all involved in that business? Could that perhaps have been part of kind of a difficult comp headwind for someone of your like professional liability in other areas?
Robert Berkley: Yes. So to the point that you're raising, we kind of -- we do plan the transactional space. I perhaps mistakenly lump that in there with D&O. They oftentimes go hand-in-hand. And yes, I think that part of what we're seeing in the D&O market is a competitive environment, but even more so, it's just a reduction in demand. During the heyday of D&O a couple of years ago or over the past couple of years. That was really in part not just driven by losses and discipline on the underwriting side, it was the IPOs and the specs were enormous. That level of activity And on the transactional side, I think as we all have an appreciation, the level of M&A activity has slowed dramatically as well. So yes, there's a bit more competition there, but even more so, it's the reduction in demand than the addition of supply.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then I guess my second question is, are you seeing any call it increase and kind of competitive from the standard markets vis-a-vis the E&S markets? Or does it continue to flow that way towards the E&S and out of the standard markets.
Robert Berkley: We still see a pretty healthy flow of business coming into the E&S market, both on the casualty side on parts of the professional market and it's building momentum on the property side as well. I think I may have made the comment in the past, and it's still very accurate today. The standard markets, particularly the national carriers, if it is in their appetite, it is jaw-dropping how aggressive they are. If it's outside of their appetite, then it's a great opportunity for the rest of us that are happy to run around to pick up the crumbs that fall off their table and price them as we see fit. But the standard market, their appetite, ebbs and flows and moves in different directions, we continue to see a reasonable flow of business but if it's still within their strike zone, look out, to step out of the way. I would tell you, one area that we have seen, perhaps, moving back towards the standard market, which isn't a huge deal for us, but it's worth noting, is product -- large account products liability. Why? I have no idea, but the standard market, particularly national carriers, seems to have a thirst for it. And I think we all know how that's going to end.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it.
Robert Berkley: Good evening, Thanks, Brian.
Operator: We'll go next now to Meyer Shields at KBW.
Robert Berkley: Good evening. Hi. How are you?
Meyer Shields: A couple of brief questions because I know it's late. One, am I reading too much to be worried by the fact that the expense ratio [indiscernible] 30%. You've been well below that for a while.
Robert Berkley: I don't think it was 30%. I think what Rich and I perhaps failed to articulate was it's going to be comfortably below 30%. I don't know if we're going to be able to keep it below 28%, we'll have to see what happens with our earned premium, we'll have to see a variety of things, and we're making investments. But I think that our expense ratio will remain competitive and remains a focus, and we'll be comfortably under the 30% as Rich said.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. Second question, I guess, broadly, like I know on the insurance side, we've been talking about social inflation for a while. And I'm wondering with regard to the actual insurers, is there any push for them or by them to get higher limits to contend with social inflation?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think the short answer is, yes, but -- so if you are an insurer, you're sitting there saying, "Well, I'm concerned and my agent or broker is perhaps advising me to buy more capacity because of the environment. But at the same time, the cost of capacity may be going up. So it's a matter of what can I afford? One of the things sometimes we're seeing people do think about an SIR or a large deductible as a way to try and figure out a way to move dollars around as to what they're buying. But I think that there is a broad awareness in society. I think distribution is advising. But I think, ultimately, it's really a matter of what people can afford. And I think it's an important point because what you're touching on is something that society doesn't always really appreciate. And that is social inflation. And what that means for claims activity, it's not paid by the necessarily the insurance company long term. The insurance company this turns around and raises the rates. Ultimately, the bill is paid by society.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, I completely agree with that just both with the observation and the perception of it. And final question, if I can. If we pick you square to read the 10-Qs and 10-Ks anyway, can we start getting reserve development by segments on the call?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I'll talk like -- I'll talk to somebody who makes these decisions. We probably have like a dozen lawyers that are deciding what we can and can't say. So the answer is, well, I appreciate the gesture of the [indiscernible], and it will be in the queue and to the extent that anyone dying to know what it is, assuming that there's no lawyer that pulls their hair out, Rich will have it available.
Meyer Shields: Okay. No. I completely agree with that. Just book with the observation and perception of it. And final question, if can. If we think you squared recent 10-Qs and 10-Ks. Anyway can we start reserve development chemical.
Robert Berkley: Yeah, I'll talk to like I'll talk to somebody who makes these decisions. We probably have like a dozen lawyers that are deciding what we can and can't say. So the answer is, we'll I appreciate the gesture of the pinky sweater and it will be in the queue and to the extent that anyone dying to know what it is, assuming that there's no lawyer that pulls their hair out, Richard will have it available.
Meyer Shields: All right. Fantastic. Thanks so much.
Robert Berkley: You bet. Have a good evening. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Mike Zaremski at BMO.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good evening.
Michael Zaremski: Hey. Good evening. Thanks for fitting me in. I guess just -- I think this was touched on in maybe Brian Meredith's question. But I guess in terms of the lack of discipline, that's your, I think, a term you used regarding the rate environment recently. I mean could some of that be do it -- just competitors simply feeling that investment income is a much bigger plus than it was before. So it just simply makes sense. And maybe I'm wrong, but even on the work comp side, there's an element of carriers being able to dictate rate a bit around the state bureau suggested rates. So just curious if you think that's a theme that we should be thinking about as we're thinking about pricing into '23.
Robert Berkley: Mike, I just -- I don't see us getting back anytime soon to -- if I'm understanding it correctly, call it, cash flow underwriting or something that's a stepping stone to that. I think the reality is that not everyone's investment income is taking off exactly the way ours is because a lot of people, quite frankly, had a much longer duration. So from my perspective, do I think over time, if rates stay up at the levels they are or higher, do I think that can eventually have an impact? Yes, I guess it could. But I don't think that's what we're seeing today, if you want to talk about, for example, workers' compensation. I mean if you really want to get granular about workers' compensation, the fact of the matter is the people that are doing the irresponsible things are the same people that did the irresponsible things the last time we were in a trough. Sometimes they're in the same place, sometimes they're in a new place. But it's the same people that I don't know if they don't understand or they don't care, but they're creating mayhem in the market. We've kind of seen some version of the movie before, and we'll just wait it out.
Michael Zaremski: Understood. As a follow-up also to a previous question on the impact from higher reinsurance rates. And I heard you say probably not too material given the overall size of the organization. Just want to make sure are there any nuances we should be thinking about? Like are casualty seeding rates changing and we should be thinking about that? Or is there still kind of more of the book in terms of your reinsurance purchasing that could come later in the year that we're still kind of TBD.
Robert Berkley: We buy many contracts, and they renew throughout the year. I think it's how you should look at that. I think for our reinsurance and retros, did we pay a bit more? Yes, we did. Do we have every intention of passing that increased cost along? Yes, we absolutely do. And as far as our insurance and our cat costs, it's the same story. There are some cases, clearly, where we're paying a bit more, and we have a choice, whether the company allows that to erode our margins or whether we pass that on. And it is our intention to pass that along in the cost of our product that we sell.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And lastly, thank you for the paid loss ratio comments. And just curious if you've been surprised at where the paid loss ratios have been settling out lately? Or are you -- or as Berkeley, since you guys have been sounding the alarm on social inflation for a while, maybe there's kind of a mix or just resifting you guys have been doing to help keep those paid loss ratios from getting back to, I guess, pre-pandemic or longer-term levels?
Robert Berkley: Look, Mike, we don't have it down to a granular level that -- or basis points, but directionally, it has unfolded as we had anticipated. And we'll have to see what that means over time. But again, directionally, it is unfolding as we had anticipated.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question. Have a good evening.
Operator: And Mr. Berkley, we have no further questions. So back to you for any closing comments.
Robert Berkley: Okay, Bo. Thank you very much. We appreciate everyone's participation this evening, and we will look forward to catching up with people in give or take, 90 days. Have a good evening all. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Berkley, Again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining W.R. Berkley's fourth quarter and full year earnings conference call. We'd like to thank you all so much for joining us. We wish you all a great evening. Goodbye.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Beau, thank you very much and let me echo your welcome to all to our third quarter call. We appreciate you finding time to join us. Joining me on this end of call is also Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow our typical agenda where, on very short order, I'm going to be handing it over to Rich, he's going to run through some highlights of the quarter. I will follow with a couple of observations on my end and then you will have the three of us at your disposal to take a Q&A session anywhere people would like to take it. Before I hand it over to Rich, I did want to flag or raise a thought for participants consideration and its something that we spent a good deal of time thinking about on our end. And it particularly comes into focus during periods of time like what we saw in the third quarter when cat activity spikes considerably. And great attention amongst many turns to trying to understand exposures, trying to understand claims activity and what does that mean from a dollars and cents perspective. And those questions are well-placed and are all important and appropriate. That having been said, in the flurry of activity around trying to understand what has transpired from a financial perspective, it is easy to lose sight of the more what I would call the human aspect and the loss that has occurred and how that impacts individuals not just their homes being destroyed, but oftentimes something even more severe, such as the loss of life. So I did want to just comment on this that it is something that my colleagues and I pay great attention to, we are sensitive to, and all of those impacted by the events of the third quarter are certainly in our thoughts. Furthermore, we have many colleagues, particularly on the claims side of the business that are working tirelessly to make sure that we as an organization are servicing customers making sure we as an organization are living up to our commitments and our promises, which is something we take very seriously. And finally, from our perspective to the extent there is any type of silver lining in these type of situations, clearly, it is an opportunity for the industry to demonstrate the value that it brings to society. We cannot undo what has been done, but we certainly are in a position to assist society and picking-up the pieces and trying to put it back together. That is not just an obligation, but an opportunity that we as an organization take very seriously. So I will leave it there for the moment. And now, Rich, if you wouldn't mind taking us through the numbers having said all that. Rich, please.
Rich Baio: Sure. Thank you, Rob. Appreciate that. Operating income increased 14.2% to $282 million or $1.01 per share, with operating return on equity of 16.9%. Net income of $229 million or $0.82 per share resulted in a return on equity of 13.8%. The company reported strong underwriting income inspite of the industry-wide catastrophe events. In addition, the record quarterly net investment income and foreign currency gains, resulting from the strong U.S. dollar contributed to our excellent quarterly results. Pre-tax underwriting income of $192 million demonstrates the resiliency of our underwriting portfolio in an environment facing many challenges, including social and economic inflation, as well as frequency and severity of natural catastrophes. We reported pre-tax catastrophe losses of $94 million in the quarter or 3.9 loss ratio points, compared with $74 million or 3.5 loss ratio points in the prior year. Probably of no surprise, the main driver in the quarter was Hurricane Ian. We developed our best estimate on a ground-up basis operating unit by operating unit, the predominance of which is IBNR due to the timing of the event. Focusing next on our top line, the company grew gross premiums written to a record of almost $3.1 billion. Net premiums written increased 10.8% to approximately $2.6 billion. Breaking this down further between segments, insurance grew 11.5% to $2.2 billion, while Reinsurance & Monoline excess increased 6.8% to $340 million. Exposure growth is a significant contributor to the increase in premium. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes improved 30 basis points over the prior year to 58.6%. Prior year loss reserves developed unfavorably by 1.6 loss ratio points in the current quarter bringing our calendar year loss ratio to 64.1%. Record quarterly net premiums earned benefited the expense ratio of 28%. We continue to invest in the business and identify strategies to operate more efficiently and optimize our technological capabilities. Wrapping up underwriting performance, our current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes was 86.6% and our calendar year combined ratio was 92.1%. Record quarterly net investment income of $203 million was led by growth in the core portfolio of 51% and better-than-average investment funds results, despite the significant downturn in the equity markets. The increased invested asset base, along with higher interest rates, is contributing to much of the growth in the core portfolio. Book yields on the fixed maturity securities has sequentially improved each quarter this year with 2.2% in the first quarter, 2.6% in the second quarter and 3% in the current quarter. The short duration of our investment portfolio of 2.4 years, combined with strong operating cash flows of almost $1.8 billion year-to-date, should contribute to further growth in net investment income and improving book yields. At the same time, the short duration in the portfolio and high credit quality of AA minus has tempered the market value impact on book value. As it relates to the investment funds, our diversification strategy has benefited our results to-date despite certain funds correlation with the equity markets. Our investment funds reported on a one quarter lag, and in light of the third quarter deterioration in the broader equity markets, we may see our fourth quarter results impacted. Pre-tax net investment losses in the quarter of $67 million is primarily attributable to the net change in unrealized losses on equity securities of $50 million, which largely related to sector declines in technology and financial services. Stockholders equity was more than $6.3 billion, as of September 30, 2022. Strong earnings of about $1 billion on a year-to-date basis has mostly offset the impact from rising interest rates on unrealized losses. At the same time, we proactively managed our capital position, as evidenced through regular and special dividends of approximately $209 million year-to-date, along with share repurchases in the third quarter of almost $7 million. Fitch validated this view of our financial strength, early last week, with an upgrade to AA- from A+. With that, I'll turn it back to you Rob.
Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. So let me just offer a few comments. I promise I'll keep it on the brief side, but I think, I say it every time and I rarely do, but I guess it depends on your definition of brief. So the marketplace overall remains a very interesting one from our perspective. There are pockets of the market that remain extremely attractive and there are others that it's surprising the level of competition. One of the observations that we have shared in the past and we continue to see very much a reality is how the market is still as cyclical as ever. That having been said, different product lines are marching not in lockstep, but very much to the beat of their own drum, which translates to -- they are at different points in the cycle at any moment in time. I would tell you that the specialty space in particular E&S space remains very attractive. In addition to that, I would tell you that if it is a piece of business that falls within the appetite of the standard market, particularly a national carrier and some regional carriers it is shocking to us how competitive some participants are willing to be. That having been said, if you have an opportunity to look at our release and you looked at page seven, you would have seen the different product lines and where the growth is coming from. Certainly in our opinion, if a leading indicator is if we are growing at a healthy rate, it means that we think there is margin there and we are leaning into it. When you look at the various product lines certainly short tail lines in particular property as of late is demonstrating more opportunity. In addition to that, when you look at the reinsurance space, we're seeing a similar opportunity and it's likely you'll see us leaning into that even more. On the other hand, you have professional liability with particularly public D&O standing out as a product line that has become increasingly competitive. And workers' compensation that is a product line that we've been talking to those that are willing to listen for an extended period of time that we've been surprised by the level of competition. You might say how do you reconcile that with the growth rate that you have in the product line during the period? To make a long story short is just exposure, if you will growth in payroll. Overall, we as an organization benefit from the diversity of our product offering as a result of that at any moment in time, there are parts of our portfolio that are shrinking and there are parts of our portfolio that are growing and growing dramatically. We are in the marketplace every day trying to optimize. The market may move towards us, it may move away from us, but we are consistently there at a rate that we think is appropriate or then some. When you look at the growth that Rich talked about in the quarter, approximately 11% we think is reasonably healthy. Again, the discipline on the professional liability that I alluded to a few moments ago, I think has created a little bit of a headwind. That having been said, our discipline remains with our renewal retention ratio remaining at approximately 80% and we're getting a bit of a premium on new business relative to our existing portfolio, which as we've discussed in the past, we think makes sense, because you know more about your renewal book than your new book. As you would have also picked up during somewhere in the release, we made some good progress on the rate front coming in at 7.3% ex-workers comp. And at that pace, we're quite comfortable that in the aggregate, we are keeping up with trend. I think another data point that's important particularly in an inflationary market and that is audit premiums. To what extent if the exposure is growing, are you capturing that and making sure after the policy intercepts that you're going back to collect everything you should have. And we were pleased to see the growth in our audit premiums over the corresponding period last year, up 42%. Rich walked through with the loss ratio with you all, the 64.1%, for those that subscribe to the but four model, it's a 58.6%, the 64.1% when the days all done in my opinion that is reality. That having been said breaking it down Rich walked you through the cats of 3.9 and the last piece, as far as the development goes was essentially entirely related to two what I would define as isolated and unique events stemming from COVID. And to the best of our knowledge, and as clearly as we can see it we do not envision this being an ongoing issue. Again, we view it as isolated to two unique situations and that's how it looks to us at this point. So that's the best of our knowledge. With the 58.6% as Rich flagged bit of a small step in the right direction, an improvement of call it 30 basis points on the ex-CAT accident year. Look when the days all done, we are pushing on the rate, and we are not going to declare victory prematurely. I understand some people have done the math and said, why isn't your ex-CAT accident year loss ratio improving more and it's because of something called inflation that comes in two different flavors that we are exposed to both financial or economic, as well as social. Expense ratio at 28%, we think that is pretty healthy by any measure, particularly for a specialty writer. Some of the realities that we had talked about during COVID and the COVID benefit on expenses, those are starting to dissipate, as people are traveling and entertainment is coming back to be part of our business. That having been said also costs are going up. We're not just focused on inflation, as far as raising our rates, and what it means for our loss costs and how were responding to that with rate increases also it impacts our operational costs and making whether it'd be remuneration or any other expenses that we have. Rich touched on the investments, I'm just going to, I guess echo a couple of his comments. Long-story short, I think we are very much being rewarded for the discipline. I have made the comment in the past how we went for many years keeping our duration short and not compromising on quality and quite frankly that came at a cost. There were others that were compromising on quality and taking the duration out and they serve themselves well for that day, but did not position themselves particularly well for tomorrow. And guess what? Tomorrow is here. As a result of that foresight and that discipline, we are enjoying the benefits as to what the impact has been on our book value as far as the unrealized or some perhaps other organizations maybe are realizing it. And in addition to that, we have the benefit of being able put money to work at higher rates much more quickly than others. As Rich flagged for you, our book yield ticked up considerably in a 90-day period going from about 2.6 to 3 and obviously, you all can do the math as easily as we can as to where the new money rate is likely going given where interest rates are today and it would seem as though that they are headed tomorrow. So we have a lot of room to push the duration out a bit. If we think it makes sense, if we are getting paid for it, and we think that we are very well positioned. So long story short and I guess desperately trying to live up to my word that I would keep it short. What's the punch line? The punch line is that we are an organization that has is and will continue to be very focused on risk adjusted return. When we think about risk adjusted return, we clearly take volatility into account. We have the ability to pivot from one product line to another, emphasizing and deemphasizing products as we see fit depending on market conditions. Certainly, it is very possible for example that you will see us participate more significantly in the property cat space. It would be my expectation to the extent we chose to participate depending on how attractive the market gets that we would probably participate for a year or two unlikely more than three in a significant way. We are going to deploy capital with an eye towards risk adjusted return and we are not going to be shy to let the business go when we don't think it makes sense anymore. That same focus on risk adjusted return that applies to underwriting also as I mentioned a moment or two ago applies to our investment activities. We are disciplined. We are focused on the idea of how much risk we are taking on and are we getting paid appropriately for it. When the day is all done, we are in business to build book value for shareholders. And we think that we have been able to do that again, because our eye towards risk adjusted return. So let me pause there and Beau we would like to open it up for questions, if we could please.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Berkley. [Operator Instructions] We'll go first this afternoon to Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Elyse. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening as well. My first question, you guys saw a little bit. If we look at your pricing disclosure, a little bit of an uptick, you gave us the color ex-workers comp in the quarter. Can you just go into more details on what drove that? And then given right that Hurricane Ian is going to be a pretty large loss, would you expect that, that number would continue to trend higher in the fourth quarter?
Robert Berkley: So we're not going to unpack the rate number by product line, but what I would tell you is that we are very focused on rate adequacy or rate adequacy plus and we are conscious of the environment. And while we all would like to grow, that is not going to overshadow our focus around rate adequacy. So again, I would be careful not to read too much one way or another into a certain number of basis points, but I can tell you that rate adequacy remains a priority. As far as market conditions going forward, it is pretty clear to us that property pricing, particularly cat exposed property pricing, but property pricing in general is going up. It has -- we haven't seen it in a long time, but it's like to be led by the reinsurance market and the insurance market I expect will follow. And we will be leaning into that in every way that we think makes sense for the organization. Will there be a spillover to other product lines? We will see with time. It's not as clear to us that, that will be the case though to the extent those opportunities presented themselves. I promise you we will be there to attach them and try and take advantage of them. But again, certainly, as far as property and cat exposed property and perhaps the most interesting property cat reinsurance or even certain types of retro, those are things that we are paying close attention too, not just as a buyer, but potentially as a meaningful seller. But again, we would be there when we think the margin is there. Typically, the vast majority of the time during a cycle, we do not believe the margin is there, which is why we control it very tightly, but we are not shy to lean into it if we think that it makes sense from a risk adjusted return base.
Elyse Greenspan: Is there a level like sticking with the property cat re-comment? Is there a level of rate that you guys are looking to January 1 when you think about incrementally adding to your property cat reinsurance exposure?
Robert Berkley: More.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then on -- in terms of the prior year development, I know you guys typically wait for the queue to give the color by segment, but it was a large number this quarter. And for us -- those of us trying to get a sense of the underlying margin by segment, can you just give us a sense of that $39 million of adverse development of the [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Berkley: Yes, it was basically -- it was the isolated COVID stuff that I was referring to and to you -- what I would define as unique and isolated situations primarily the vast, vast, vast majority of the development team was in the insurance segment.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next now to Mike Zaremski of BMO.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mike, good evening.
Mike Zaremski: Hey, good evening. First question, trying to get a little more color, if you're willing on unpacking the spread that you feel there is between loss cost inflation and pricing. Inflation came up a lot in your prepared remarks obviously and I think last time you gave us an update on this. I think you said something in the magnitude of rate was exceeding loss cost trend by hundreds of basis points? Just curious if that spread has narrowed a bit over the last couple of quarters? And any color you might want to offer?
Robert Berkley: Mike, I think that we're starting to try and get into the wheels and obviously it varies by product line, but in the aggregate at the 7.3% that we're talking about, I think that we are comfortably outpacing loss trend via a meaningful margin, and that would be in all likelihood more than 100 basis points. My crystal ball is really no better than anyone else's and we are trying to err on the side of being measured around loss picks in general. But again at 7.3% I think it's still very fair to say that we are outpacing it by more than 100 basis points, maybe it's 200 basis points, but it's a pretty healthy margin. That having been said, as I have suggested, we are not going to declare victory prematurely. There is a huge amount of sensitivity around those assumptions. And if it proves that it's something more than we expected, we're going to make sure that we have the ability to try and absorb that. So it's going to take some time for that to season and ultimately we'll have some clarity.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe moving to the investment portfolio, it looks like cash levels have come down. Duration, you're kind of staying put for now, room to extend there. I guess just curious, interest rates have risen a lot, I guess is the bottom line that you're -- you have an extended duration, because there's -- you think there is a increased potential for interest rates to move a lot higher? Or is there just a -- I guess, I imagine thinking about that--
Robert Berkley: Maybe a couple of quick comments, Mike. First off, I think that our view is likely rates are going to move up from here. And while they may not move up at the same pace that they have been going up as of late, we think they're still going higher. In addition to that, the fact of the matter is while - to move the duration out would require -- in a meaningful way would require us to go pretty far out on the yield curve and we don't think you get paid enough, quite frankly, to take it out. And we're pretty comfortable in that what I would define is three to five-year zone, if you like, probably at this moment a little bit closer to three than five, but sort of in between. And that will naturally even may take the duration up a little bit, but not a huge amount. And I think you're going to see the book yield continue to tick up at a pretty healthy pace. As we get to start to think that maybe rates are peaking or close to the peak, we're going to think about duration a little bit differently perhaps, but at the moment, we think there's still a bit of runway ahead of us.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And just to sneak one last one in, I'm just curious if reinsurance rate, so thinking about the primary side of your portfolio, not the Cognizant that you write a good amount of reinsurance. Just on the primary side, if reinsurance rates do move up meaningfully, especially on the property side, should we be thinking about any changes in kind of gross to net strategies or any lines of business you might have to change, kind of, your strategic view on? Thanks.
Robert Berkley: There's really nothing that we do today that we would feel as though we would have to curtail if you will. As -- Mike, I think we've mentioned in the past, if you looked at our business, approximately 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So we tend to buy -- what we really -- we buy some corporate covers and we have the ability just to dial that down and increase our nets and just think about capital allocation in a different way. Simultaneously, if we find ourselves in a position that the reinsurance market is that hard, it's likely you will see that part of our business grow and we will deploy capital in that direction. So do I think it's gone across some people a little bit of agita maybe a bit of headache. Yes, do I think for us it can create opportunity? Yes, I do.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next now to Michael Phillips of Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Thanks. Good evening, Rob. Thanks for your time. First question, not too much to your numbers on Ian, but more specifically just kind of your thoughts on industry observations here. There's kind of -- there's been two schools of thoughts that are kind of showing around industry numbers could move up from what we've seen from a modeling numbers? Or theres obvious ethics they could move down given somethings that have been happening in Florida. And I guess I'm just curious which side you'd be on? Is there more risk of current industry numbers moving up or down from what we see today?
Robert Berkley: I think it really depends on which estimates you're talking about. But what I would tell you is that it's likely this is going to prove to be a very, very significant flood issue, which obviously will impact the loss for many on the homeowner side and on the property side. Obviously, auto is a different animal. I think the auto loss is likely to prove to be far more severe than maybe the models would have initially suggested. So long story short, I don't think there's a huge amount of clarity. It's not that we take any particular great issue with the numbers and sort of that $50 million to $70 million is the -- as bookends that's probably not a bad range. That having been said, I think the way it's going to get allocated amongst product lines may prove to be a little bit different than what people anticipated. And my best guess is that it's probably between those bookends towards the lower end than the higher end.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Yes, well, thank you. Second question is more of a follow-up to the first set of questions from Elyse, when you talked about receivables returns and volatility activity into the property cat, I don't think I understood what you meant in your second answer when you said more, when we're asking --
Robert Berkley: That must be being a wise ask what's the problem --
Michael Phillips: You know, I know, I know, yes. But what you -- so I guess [Multiple Speakers]
Robert Berkley: But yours is correct. From our perspective, for an extended period of time and we've offered this perspective in the past, the reinsurance marketplace has kind of gotten let around by the insurance marketplace. And there's enough pain out there that has been building for an extended period of time. It would appear as though that the reinsurance marketplace maybe has gotten the courage and the discipline that has been a long time coming. And we have our view on what is rate adequacy. And if we see for example, in particular, property cat reinsurance pricing getting to a level that we think makes sense, we have been making plans and positioning ourselves as you would expect or atleast if you don't, you should be expecting to be able to participate in a meaningful way. But we are only going to do that if we think you are getting paid enough. We are not in that product line day in and day out riding the cycle up and down. We are going to participate, call it, on average, when we sync everything lines up, the planets and stars line up, for call it, two years out of every 15-years. And it is certainly very possible that 2023 could be one of those two years. But if we don't like it, if it doesn't get hard enough, we're not going to stick our toe in the water, let alone a foot.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So you mean that -- is it still too early to say whether the rates are up enough for you to want to participate to be determined?
Robert Berkley: It is too early to decide to what extent we would participate or whether we will participate really in a meaningful way at all. But we do have the colleagues and the -- with the expertise, all lined up. The distribution knows that we are here that we want to see what's out there. And we will participate again to the extent that it makes sense. If it doesn't make sense and the pricing doesn't get to where we think it needs to get to, then we have absolutely no problem sitting back and putting our powder away.
Michael Phillips: Okay, wonderful. Thanks for the clarification.
Robert Berkley: Thank you. Sorry for the confusion.
Operator: And we'll go next now to Yaron Kinar at Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good afternoon.
Robert Berkley: Good afternoon.
Yaron Kinar: I want to go back to the commentary around really being focused on clearing the return hurdles. Are those hurdles going up? I would assume that the cost of capital is going up, but at the same time and also getting probably better investment returns. So how are you thinking about those return hurdles from an underwriting perspective?
Robert Berkley: Yes, our benchmarks are clearly going up. But well ultimately, we also think about our overall economic model. Obviously, as everyone on the call knows, we generate return in two ways: one, being underwriting; and the other one being investment income. But perhaps if I'm understanding your question appropriately there is no movement on our end to look to start to compromise our loss ratio picks because of a higher interest rate environment. We are not -- have never been and will never be as long as the Chairman and I are here, cash flow underwriters. That's not what we do. So again, I'm not a big fan of the but four, but we are -- I think that the loss ratios that we generate or the combined ratios that we generated in the quarter or on a calendar year, certainly not what we targeted, but certainly not the end of the world, and we have no interest in compromising on our targets at this time.
Yaron Kinar: That's helpful. Thank you. And then my second question, just looking at the professional liability line within insurance down a little bit this quarter year-over-year. I'm assuming that's just a transactional business that slowing down a bit year-over-year and maybe slower rates as well. So maybe you can be using that notion?
Robert Berkley: The professional liability on the insurance side, I think, was up about 1%. And the big movers in that were particularly D&O. And there are a couple of drivers there: one, I think it's competition; but two, the demand has slowed a little bit, particularly around IPOs and to a lesser extent, but still there specs. And those two pieces drove a meaningful percentage of the demand. So I think that's a piece of it. Also, in addition to that, look, it's still a cyclical market, as I was suggesting earlier on, and people are becoming more competitive. So we accept that reality. And that's why you -- what was a product line for us that was growing at a very rapid pace. If you go back to this time last year or the year before, you'll see that underwriting discipline here, and that's coming through and the growth rate slowing considerably. And at some point, I expect that plus one is going to turn into a negative number, and that's okay. But we take one day at a time.
Yaron Kinar: And where does cyber fit into this? What kind of opportunities that maybe offsets on the slowdown in D&O?
Robert Berkley: We are player in the cyber space, though I would define in a very controlled and limited way. We have an outstanding group of people that have terrific expertise. And at this stage, that business remains one that we think there's still much opportunity ahead of us.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you for the questions.
Operator: And we'll go next now to Josh Shanker at Bank of America.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good evening.
Josh Shanker: Hello, there. Hello, there. For the Berkeley analogist I'm trying to remember 02 or 06, whether you ever engaged in either participation or rhetoric about meaningfully participating in the property cat market. I don't seem to recall it, but I might have not as good of a memory of some people on the call?
Robert Berkley: Josh. So in 2002, we did enter into what I would define as some short-term quota shares with a couple of facilities in London. And we wrote a fair amount of business for a very defined period of time. I don't remember if it was started in 2002, maybe 2003 and it proved to be very lucrative for the shareholders and shortly thereafter, as it became a less attractive market, we faded into the background.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then there's chatter about another hard market coming in. All lines move differently and there's different things happening in different lines. But I think that you're still in the position that you're going to keep your focus on margins, but you're rate adequate in a lot of places and you're looking to grow, maybe during growth over try and take rate at this point. For the companies that are shattering about another hard market, do you think that your competitors are underpricing and need to take price, and that's why we're hearing it? If your rate adequate, you obviously don't know where they are, but at the same time, your psychology of the market, are there a lot of competitors out there who need to take rate at this point, do you think?
Robert Berkley: Josh, you're using a pretty broad brush. And if you don't mind, I might try and narrow the brush for a moment. I think, generally speaking, the reinsurance market across the board will benefit from greater discipline, and that's in all products. In addition to that, I think the standard market needs to be paying more attention, in my opinion, to loss trend than it would appear as though from a distance that some of them are. As far as the specialty carriers go, I think it varies by product line and by carrier. I think there are some that are very responsible and very disciplined. It's not clear to me, it's reasonably clear, I should say, to me at this time that property pricing is going up. It may not happen as quickly as one might think it should happen. It's starting to happen today, and I expect you're going to see it become even more visible as we make our way through next year. What the spillover will be into some of the other product lines? I don't know. I think one of the pieces that we have talked about in passing is workers' compensation. And I would suggest to you, that's not one to lose sight of given that I believe it still is the largest component of the commercial lines marketplace from a premium perspective. And we have got to be getting close to the bottom there. And that may mean it's going to take another year or two, and that's going to need to tick up. So I think there's meaningful pain to come in comp. I think property, people are recognizing they need to change I think on some of the liability lines, particularly in the standard market, I think they better be careful of loss trend.
Josh Shanker: Is there a gap year in 2023 for a lot of property writers where they need to take price, but over the near-term, they're going to have to pay more for the reinsurance. And so margins are going to get squeeze for one year period. Does that happen? Or is there anything about this too simply?
Robert Berkley: No I -- for what it's worth, I agree with your question and your observation. I think there could be a lag. And that's why, particularly for those in the standard market, they have to get filings approved and how quickly can they pivot and how much can they debit accounts to get to a rate to support those higher reinsurance costs, we'll have to see with time. But if we go back to a period that we were touching on earlier in our discussion, I think you flagged 2002 -- if you go back to the end of 2001, right around 9/11, the market was starting to firm a bit and then 9/11 served as a significant catalyst to affirming and giving people the conviction to really push. But if you go back and you look at the 2002 year for much of the market that did not prove to be such a great year because pricing started to go up. But just because it was going up, it really didn't become truly adequate until 2003. So if you look at those policy years, it was really the 2003 year where it started to become more attractive. So long story short, Josh, I think there is a lag. I think you raised in my opinion an important point, and I think that ultimately, that lag oftentimes proves to be a further catalyst to get people to push even harder. So that's nothing more than speculation from one observer.
Josh Shanker: Thank you for all the detail. I do appreciate it.
Robert Berkley: Thank you for the questions.
Operator: We'll go next to Ryan Tunis at Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, very good evening, guys. First, I just wanted to clean up some numbers questions. So you guys disclosed an insurance, I'm trying to figure out how much a short tail line is cat exposed, like exposed to Florida or anything else, we'll see a much of a rate. We just see the short-tail lines. I don't know how much of that's broader specialty. And I guess the same question for reinsurance, how much of property is property cat?
Robert Berkley: I don't have the percentages in front of me. I would tell you that on the property side, on the insurance front, it's not going to be a huge amount. And we have the ability to flex that up, which we will be looking at very closely. But by design, we have limited the amount of aggregate we were willing to put out in certain zones in certain ZIP codes. And it's a similar story on the reinsurance front, where, again, we have the ability to flex, but just demonstrating through action, if you will, we have not found the pricing to be particularly attractive until as of late, and it will likely become even more attractive, which is why if you look at sort of where our growth is and what's happened in the third quarter, it was really some recent opportunity for us to try and take advantage of a changing market, and you may see more of that. But again, we are not a big player in the space today, and I don't think it's ever going to be the lion's share of our business, but it could become a more significant part of our business temporarily over the next year or two.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And Rob, you mentioned standard lines getting a little bit more competitive. Definitionally, I guess that's always tricky admitted and not admitted yada, yada. But just directionally how -- what percentage of your insurance book do you think of as kind of having the characteristics of standard?
Robert Berkley: Modest, and that's by design.
Ryan Tunis: Got it, okay.
Robert Berkley: We like the stuff that falls off the table of the standard market. And we'll leave it to the 800-pound gorillas sitting up at the table to fight over what they keep up there. We're a very because the stuff that falls off the table, we can charge what we want.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then -- just my last question, just a follow-up on the reserve charge. I get that it's one-time in nature, but it's just interesting, like every quarter, this pluses and minuses, it's always very, very de minimis one way or another in Berkley, I'm guessing you had that observation too about this quarter, and it's the first time that I think I've seen more than $10 million of favorable unfavorable. Is there maybe less of an offset? I mean just looking for some perspective on -- in the past, we've kind of -- the number has been de minimis this time, it's a little bit higher. Just how would you interpret that?
Robert Berkley: Let me try and share with you as much as I can. So we had two specific and unique situations where our  again, from our perspective and my understanding, which I did get into the weeds on these situations, they were very much one-offs. And as you referenced earlier, we usually don't have a lot of development one way or another. It's because we're constantly trying to get the ports just right in every nook and crane of the organization. And there's no sense in trying to put lipstick on the pig. Long story short, Ryan. These were two, again, isolated situations that we're not going to pretend it's something that it isn't and try and off state the picture. That's just not how we operate. But long story short, we do not think that this is something that we're going to see more of and based on everything I can see at this time.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: And we'll go next now to Brian Meredith at UBS.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Brian. Good evening.
Brian Meredith: Hey, good evening, Rob. Hey, good. Listen, just quickly following up on mind, just a quick question on the reserve charge. Does it all kind of make you think about the conservatism of your other COVID-related reserves that are still up? Are you kind of going to rethink those a little bit given these two events?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Brian, I think a very fair question and that was probably a self-serving comment on my part, because we asked ourselves that same question. And I promise you that we -- it served as the catalyst that you're suggesting where we took a look to see -- do we think we have anything else that's material out there of this nature that we should be looking into. And again, based on what I know today and what my colleagues know today, and the stones that we looked under, we feel comfortable about where we are. I can assure you, I'm not interested in being on this type of call, three months, six months, whatever from now and having to talk about this again. So I can't promise, but we made every reasonable effort to try and make sure that there's nothing else that we could see at this time.
Brian Meredith: Great. Appreciate that. And then my second question, Rob, is coming into this year, you were pretty optimistic, bullish about growth prospects. I think you threw out the 15% to 25% top line growth. Clearly, this quarter wasn't there was good, but not there. And I guess my question is, one, what's changed since then? Is it because the professional lines maybe is a lot worse pricing wise that you considered? Is there a change in the market that's kind of worse than you were thinking? And then as I look forward, are you maybe increasing a little bit more optimistic about that growth given what's transpired recently?
Robert Berkley: So the answer is, yes, as you flagged, Brian, I agree with the point, the professional liability has slowed considerably. And we applaud the discipline of our colleagues, but that is certainly having somewhat of an impact. That having been said, in addition to that, we've been a little bit surprised by how some of the liability lines within -- and professional lines within the casualty reinsurance space have become more competitive as of late. But to the second part of your comment/question, I do see -- we'll see what the fourth quarter holds encouraging so far, but we'll see. It's still very early. But I would expect that there should be in much of the marketplace we participate in, some very attractive opportunities in early next year and beyond.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: And we'll take our next question now from Mark Dwelle at RBC Capital Markets.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mark. Good evening.
Mark Dwelle: Hi, good evening. Between Brian and Ryan, they covered the ground I wanted to cover. So I don't have any further questions.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thanks for your time again.
Operator: We'll go next now to Mark Hughes at Truist Securities.
Robert Berkley: Hello, Mark. Good evening.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good afternoon. Good evening. Rob, in the past, you've mentioned the paid loss ratio, and I'm not sure if you gave any specific numbers this quarter, but if there's any detail you could soon that front, I'd be interested.
Robert Berkley: Yes, we'll have to follow up on that. I'm in a conference room, and I left all my notes down the hall, which I apologize for that is something that in the past couple of quarters, we've tried to flag but -- for folks. So we'll -- what we'd like to do is, if you don't mind, just give Karen or Rich or myself a call and we'll have that for you in the morning, but I just -- it was like the one sheet that didn't make the six inch stack that I brought down with me, so I apologies for that.
Mark Hughes: Quite right. One sort of follow-up. When you think about the rate increase this quarter, obviously, a little bit more, was that reflective of the broader market that the pricing environment improved? Or was it that you pushed a little bit harder to get rate and you achieved it and perhaps that impacted the top line growth a little bit?
Robert Berkley: Look, if you look at our renewal retention ratio, it's kind of hanging in there and it kind of fluctuates between 79% and 82% quarter in and quarter out. Our colleagues -- and again, it's at a pretty granular basis. They're looking at each one of the product lines that they are operating with within their P&L. We're looking at it at a granular level and people are trying to pay close attention to where the environment is and where loss costs are going, what do we need to make sure we're a rate adequate plus. And there continues to be sensitivity to inflation of both types. So again, I think that we continue to push on the rate. And I don't think there's any reason to expect we are not going to continue to push into the fourth quarter and through next year.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: And we'll take our next question now from David Motemaden at Evercore.
Robert Berkley: Good evening, David.
David Motemaden: Hey, good evening, Rob. I have a question, kind of, following up on Ryan's question on the property side. If I look at just short tail and property, it's around 20% of your premium mix right now, or over the last 12-months. Is there a ceiling that you think about, like how big you would allow this to get, assuming pricing is where it needs to be to produce attractive returns. Is there a ceiling just a level where you just don't want to let it go above as you think about like maybe introducing a bit more nat cat volatility or just attritional volatility into results?
Robert Berkley: It's -- we do have some numbers internally that many of us sit around the table and we grapple with and one personal argue one side and the other or the other. And after we are tucker out will exchange who's arguing which side. But when the day is all done, we have a fair amount of headroom to the extent we see the opportunity presenting itself. And I would tell you that it's someone on a sliding scale the more attractive we see the opportunity, the more healthy we see the risk-adjusted return, the more inclined than we are to write more of this type of business. Do I think that we are going to become a leading property cat underwriter overnight? No, I do not. At the same time, do I think it could become a more meaningful part of what we do in the short run? Yes, I do. But that doesn't mean that it's going to be -- not going to become more than half of what we do or something like that. But it will be noticeable relative to its size today and its contribution today. Again, if the opportunity is there.
David Motemaden: Yes. Got it. Understood. And then maybe just another question. I guess were there any other changes or any changes in terms of how you're thinking about loss cost trends here in the last quarter or two, both on I'm particularly focused on long tail lines, but also on the short tail lines as well. Any sort of changes there in terms of how you're thinking about that would be helpful.
Robert Berkley: Yes. There is nothing that we see that would suggest the social inflation challenge is becoming any more benign -- it remains alive and well and very challenging. And on the financial or economic side, I mean, we all see where inflation is running at. We see where CPIs, we see where core is and there clearly continues to be pressure there. So when we look at it, do we think this pace will keep up forever? No, we don't. But that having been said, from our perspective, we will continue to price as we see fit.
David Motemaden: Got it, okay. Yes, that makes sense. And then maybe just lastly, if I can squeeze it in. Just on the commentary just on rate being 100 basis points or so above -- or 100 basis points to 200 basis points, I don't know exactly what the number was, rate being above trend. I mean I believe that is excluding workers' comp. How should we think about it on an overall basis? Are we still at a level where we're above trend?
Robert Berkley: As far as comp goes or the whole thing or what are we.
David Motemaden: The whole book, if I sort of mixed in compensation.
Robert Berkley: Yes, you include comp and that we're very comfortable that our comp book is priced at a very healthy level. So in the aggregate, yes, we're feeling very comfortable where we are.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Operator: And gentlemen if there is -- we have no further questions this afternoon. Mr. Berkley, I'll hand things back to you for closing comments.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you very much, and thank you to all that dialed in. Again, I think in spite of the challenges that came the industry's way in the quarter, we still performed quite well and generated a healthy return. We'll have to see where the property cat market goes. Again, I don't think we're going to become a property cat writer overnight, but we do have the ability to participate in a very select manner for a defined period of time when we think the opportunity is there. But we are going to remain core to being a specialty primarily liability underwriter and that remains the focus of the business. Though again, we are in a position to take advantage of market opportunities when they present themselves. We thank you all for your participation, and we look forward to catching up with you early next year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And again, ladies and gentlemen, we'll conclude W.R. Berkley Corporation's third quarter 2022 earnings call. We'd like to, again, thank you all for joining us. I wish you all great evening. Goodbye.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Josh, thank you very much and good afternoon to all. And thank you for joining our second quarter call. Co-hosting with me this afternoon is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; as well as Rich Baio, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow the usual agenda where I'm going to hand it over to Rich momentarily. He's going to run through some highlights of the quarter. Once Rich has completed his comments, I'll receive the baton back from him, offer a few thoughts of my own, and then we'll be pleased to open it up for Q&A and take the conversation anywhere participants would like to take it. Before I hand it over to Rich, there is a one point or a topic that I did want to flag, and it's something that we talk about with some regularity within our shop. And I don't think it's a unique observation, I'm sure everyone on the call and beyond is acutely aware of this point, but nevertheless, I think it easily falls off the radar screen as we can easily get consumed by other aspects of the industry. And that is the macro observation or reality that this is a very unusual industry for a variety of reasons, but one of them is, this is an industry where you do not know your cost of goods sold until oftentimes many years after the transaction has actually occurred. That creates additional complexity and how one operates the business. It's less consequential when you're operating through an extended period of time where things are quite stable. But when you're in a period of time where changes abound, volatility is material, it becomes much more consequential. Most businesses in other industries, I would suggest, the way they operate is akin to how you steer a car. You turn the wheel of a car, the wheels in the front of the car turn and the car will turn quickly. Because of what we're discussing now this reality of the timing of cost of goods sold relative to when the transaction occurs, in this industry it's different from what driving a car. In some ways, it's more like steering a boat, where the rotor is in the back of the boat as opposed to the wheels in the front of the vehicle. The difference in this industry, like a boat or a ship being steered from the back, is one needs to anticipate. One needs to not just be consumed by what has occurred yesterday, not just be preoccupied with what is immediately in front of them, but one needs to anticipate what is coming their way because of the delay in response to steering the ship. One needs to be trying to figure out what is around the next corner or over the hill. This is something that we spend a huge amount of time working at grappling with as a team. It is one of the reasons why we have been focused on certain things for a long period of time. Whether it's social inflation or economic or financial inflation, these are 2 macro topics that we have been talking about and acting upon for several years at this stage. You can see it in our underwriting and how we have selected loss picks and how we have priced our book of business. You can see it in our investment portfolio and how we have managed our duration. So while these types of topics have become very topical today and we hear people chatting about it, these are things that we anticipated and have been preparing for, as I suggested earlier, years. It's one of the reasons why we are so well positioned. It's not easy. It requires expertise. It requires experience. It requires discipline. It requires foresight, and it requires courage. Fortunately, my colleagues throughout this organization have those characteristics and traits, and that, in my opinion, is the leading reason why this organization is so well positioned today and by extension, is enjoying the results that we are talking about today and anticipate we will be talking about for many, many quarters and years to come. So with that, so much for me just keeping it short at the beginning and handing it over to Rich. Let me hand it over to Rich now, and I promise I'll be somewhat brief after he provides his thoughts and comments. Rich, if you would, please.
Rich Baio: Of course. Thank you, Rob. I appreciate it. The company reported another strong quarter, as you saw, with operating income increasing 43% to $313 million or $1.12 per share. The key contributors include strong underwriting income driven by continued growth in premium volume, which I'll discuss in just a moment, along with improving net investment income and foreign currency gains. We also reported net income of $179 million or $0.65 per share. Pretax underwriting income of $268 million in large part kept pace with the record first quarter, representing an increase of 32.6% over the prior year second quarter. Our year-to-date quarterly results of $543 million increased 41% over the prior year and surpassed all prior full year results with the exception of 2021, which was a record year. Despite the heightened frequency of natural catastrophes, we reported pretax cat losses of $58 million in the quarter or 2.5 loss ratio points compared with $44 million or 2.2 loss ratio points last year. Drilling down further into our underwriting results, gross premiums written grew to a record level of almost $3.1 billion. Net premiums written grew 16.9% to a record of nearly $2.6 billion. Our decision to retain more business on a net basis can be seen by the lower session rate in the quarter and on year-to-date basis. Net premiums written increased in all lines of business as we disclosed in the earnings release. The Insurance segment grew 16.6% to more than $2.3 billion while the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment increased 19.1% to almost $260 million. The overall growth is significantly coming from increased exposure. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved 0.3 loss ratio points to 58.5%. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $2 million in the current year, bringing our calendar year loss ratio to 60.9%. The expense ratio continues to benefit from scaling the business as evidenced by the outpaced growth in net premiums earned relative to underwriting expenses. In addition, we continue to make investments in strategic initiatives to optimize efficiency, and as such, the expense ratio improved 1 point to 27.7% over the prior year's quarter. In summary, the current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved 1.3 loss points to 86.2% compared with the second quarter of 2021 of 87.5%. The reported calendar year combined ratio was 88.6% for the current quarter compared with 89.7% for the prior year. Net investment income for the quarter was approximately $172 million. The rising interest rate environment is a key contributor to growth and income from the core portfolio of almost 30%. On investment funds, you may recall, we report on a 1-quarter lag, and despite the decline in the equity markets in the first quarter, the investment funds performed well with a book yield of 8.3%. The transportation, real estate and energy funds led the way. The overall investment portfolio also maintained the same duration of 2.4 years and a credit quality of a AA-. Pretax net investment losses in the quarter of $172 million is primarily attributable to the net change in unrealized losses on equity securities of $132 million, which related to sector declines in financial services, energy and metal mining and manufacturing. Stockholders' equity was $6.5 billion as of June 30, 2022. Year-to-date earnings have more than offset the change in unrealized losses on investments and currency translation adjustments, both items being components of stockholders' equity. We returned capital to shareholders in the first 6 months of the year through regular and special dividends amounting to $182 million, of which $159 million was in the second quarter. The annualized operating return on beginning of year equity was 18.8% for the quarter and 10.8% on a net income basis. Rob, I'll turn it back to you.
Rob Berkley : Okay. Great. Rich, thanks very much. That was great as always. Okay. So a couple of quick soundbites from me, and again, as promised, then we'll open it up for the Q&A. The top line continues to be very healthy. I would tell you that in the specialty space, in particular, E&S, but specialty in general, we are seeing continued strength in submissions, and we're feeling particularly good about that. We're also seeing finally some resilience in the reinsurance market. Consequently, as you saw the growth in that segment as well. On the insurance front, jumping around here, other liability was particularly strong. Shorter tail was strong as well and commercial auto was reasonably robust. As far as what the contribution to the -- this side 17 points of growth, rate was a meaningful contributor. Ex-comp, we were at 6.8% or so. I think it's important that people keep in mind and not confuse or decouple rate versus exposure growth. And one of the things that we've been very focused on and I worry that some industry participants may not be as focused on, is a change in exposure, particularly in an inflationary environment. It is something that we pay a lot of attention to. Obviously, there's an opportunity to keep up with it through payrolls on comp, GL. As far as revenue on the property front, the appraised values that you get at the time of the underwriting and inception. But making sure that one does not fall behind is an important thing and approximately 2/3 of our policies are adjustable based on exposure. So that's a really important piece to make sure that we can keep up with inflation. As far as strength of economy, certainly, there is a lot of sensitivity and concern. But I would tell you, as far as audit premiums at this stage, we are seeing considerable momentum on that front. Our audit premiums during the quarter were up 45% relative to the same period last year. And just on the retention front, something that I know we've discussed in the past, and we're very sensitive to not churning the book and making sure that the quality and the integrity of the book is intact as we continue to push for rate and make sure that we're getting the appropriate exposure. Long story short, renewal retention remained just north of 80%. Loss ratio, obviously, Rich covered a bit of noise coming out of the cats. I would characterize it as frequency of modest severity and that was probably the big story behind the 2.5 points. From my perspective -- and we've heard this and we think we've talked about it in the past calls, we've heard it from some people when they look at all the rate that we've gotten. Why is it that we're not seeing the loss ratio drop even more on the current accident year? And the simple answer is, there's a lot of unknown, and there's a lot of volatility and there are a lot of various leverage assumptions that we want to make sure we are appropriately thoughtful and measured, and we don't respond to quickly. Some people would say cautious. We would say that we're just being thoughtful and measured given the inflationary environment, both social as well as economic. In addition to that, and we may have touched on this last quarter, we're sensitive to the backlog in the legal system. And our best estimate, which is nothing more than an estimate is that due to COVID, there's still probably an 18-month backlog in the court system. One other piece on the loss ratio, and I think I shared this with all last quarter. And for us, it's just one of many data points that we pay attention to, and perhaps, it's of interest to you all and that's the paid loss ratio. From our perspective, it is an important data point. It's not the whole story, but an important data point. So here's a little bit of historical perspective for you again on Q2. And I'm going to give you what the paid loss ratio was going back to 2017 for Q2, that creates as much of an apples-to-apples basis as we can, at least using shorthand. So the paid loss ratio Q2 in '17 was a 55.9. In '18, it was a 58.3. In '19, it was a 53.8. In 2020, it was 52.9. In '21, it was a 44.3. And in '22, it was 41.9. So obviously, an attractive trend. Doesn't necessarily tell the whole story. But again, from our perspective, a meaningful data point and an encouraging indicator. Expense ratio, again, Rich touched on this. We continue to see improvement for a whole host of reasons. Certainly, lots of folks are focused on it and trying to be more efficient, but the big needle mover is just the growth in the earned premium. And as you can see how it lags our written, there's likely more opportunity there over time. That having been said, we do have a few new operations. We'll have to see how they scale again over time. So 88.6 reported. If you back out the cats and you do the buck for it, it's an 86.2. On an operating basis, obviously, a pretty attractive return by virtually any measure. A couple of quick comments on the investment portfolio, and again, I think Rich summarized it well. So I'm not going to belabor the point too much here, but obviously, the duration remains notably short of where our liabilities are at 2.4 years compared to the liabilities, give or take, 4 years. I think it's also worth noting, you're just in the early stages of seeing the opportunity for this company and its earnings power when you saw the book yield of climb from -- in the last quarter, last quarter being Q1 2.2 up to 2.6 in just a period of 90 days. And new money rate for us these days is certainly north of 4, probably 4.25, give or take. We talked at the beginning of the call about foresight and discipline and a variety of other behaviors or traits and the importance of it. I think it has certainly been exercised on the underwriting side, but it is important to recognize how it has been also exercised on the investment side. The earnings power of this economic model going forward in a raising or increasing rate environment should not be underestimated. It's something we've discussed in the past. I think it's something that people have an understanding for when we have the discussion, but I'm not sure if it's fully appreciated what this means for our economic model and again, the earnings power of the business as you see interest rates continue to move up. So again, when we look forward, given the opportunities that we have before us, the flow of business coming our way continues to have significant momentum. The opportunity to make sure that we are getting the rate that we want and need continues to be there as well. And of course, the leverage that we have that is very much coming our way on the investment income side, I think all these things position us well for not just the coming quarters, but the coming years in all likelihood. So let me pause there, Josh, if we could please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan : My first question, you guys just spoke pretty positively about just submissions within, I think, you said the specialty and the E&S market. You guys have kind of flagged this 15% to 25% growth target. You obviously were there through the first half of the year. Is this something that you think is sustainable, I mean, for the rest of this year? And kind of if you have any thoughts on 2023 as well?
Rob Berkley : So we don't have a perfect crystal ball. All I can share with you is that there is nothing that leads us to believe that the opportunity to continue to grow the business, both based on policy count, growth and exposure in our insureds along with additional rate, we don't see that being derailed in the immediate term. So how long will it go on for? I don't know for sure. I think one of the things, Elyse, I know we've talked about in the past, and I think it is worth noting is that we're all very sort of conditioned to think about the cycle as one across product lines. And while the realities of a cycle certainly apply to all product lines, we need to remember that product lines are not marching in lockstep these days. So for example, it is our view that over the next 12 to 24 months, you are going to see the workers' comp market likely bottoming out and beginning to firm. And obviously, that's one of the, if not the largest, component of the commercial lines marketplace. So undoubtedly, there will be a moment where some commercial lines don't have the same buoyancy or resilience, but I would expect that you'll see other product lines firming as they are perhaps peaking or softening. So long story short, as far as specialty and E&S, there's nothing that we see in the short term derailing it. And I think that there are going to be other things such as comp that are in somewhat of the on-deck circle.
Elyse Greenspan : And then just one on the capital side. You guys are trading above 2.5x book. You just mentioned again, right, that you're focusing on exposure growth. I know in the past, Berkley has shied away from acquisitions, can you just give us an update thought there? And would you guys consider a scalable acquisition to drive further top-line growth?
Rob Berkley : So I think as you've heard my father comment in the past, and I'll echo his words that we are open to anything, but we are some people would say cautious and cheap. Others might call it disciplined. And from our perspective, one of the cornerstones of operating in the insurance industry is controlling the business. And when you buy someone else's business, youre buying somebody else's headaches and the seller typically knows more than the buyer. We have done the occasional acquisition, but we are very careful about that. So most deals that occur, we hear about them before they are announced because we are shown the opportunity. But again, ultimately, we have a long-term view. We are focused on risk-adjusted return and controlling the business is an important part of that. And most insurance deals, quite frankly, when people look back on by and large, they probably wouldn't do them all over again if they could, and we're not looking for that experience.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips : First question is on the expense ratio. You talked about, obviously, the lag between written and earned that's going to help in the near term, but it feels like we're at that part of the cycle for everybody. So I guess, I'm just kind of wondering especially with your talk on emphasis on exposure growth, it's kind of where we are today with that 27.7. Is that about the peak of improvement longer term? Near term, maybe a little bit more given the premium growth, but just kind of comments on that if you could?
Rob Berkley : Look, when we think about spending every dollar, every penny, we're looking at what kind of value we get for it. Can it improve from here? I guess it's possible. But for a specialty business, I think an expense ratio of 27.7 is pretty attractive. And you got to remember, a significant percentage of that is going for acquisition costs along with boards, bureaus, taxes, et cetera, et cetera. So a limited amount of that is in our, if you will, direct internal controls. So do I think we can do better? Well, we'll have to see how it unfolds, but I think we're very pleased with the progress that we've made. And ultimately, we'll see where underwriting conditions go. The possible someday down the road, if we get into a very soft market, that number could tick up? Yes. That having been said, to your point earlier, we have a lot of growth still like that will be coming through in the earned premium, and that will, in part, benefit the expense ratio. So I don't have a number of basis points that we're going to be able to improve from here, but I can assure you, Mike, we are very focused on it just like we are focused on every nook and cranny of what we all do as a team every day.
Michael Phillips : Okay. Perfect. Second question, you touched on it a little bit a second ago with comp kind of bottom out at some point and churning. I guess thinking about the venture you launched pretty recently in California. Is that a sign of just optimism in that specific market? Or is that just more in general -- I don't know if you plan maybe you can speak to that enterprise. Is that just a comp, a California business? Or is that going to be maybe expanded out beyond that eventually?
Rob Berkley : Initially, the focus will be California within a particular part of the market. And certainly, over time, we are open to considering broader opportunities. For us, we -- long term, we like comp. For us, we like this part of the market, and we think the team of people that have joined us are exceptionally capable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar : I want to start with -- going to a comment in the press release, the earnings release where you say that most of our businesses are achieving or exceeding our target return on equity, and we're placing a greater emphasis on exposure growth. So should we take that to mean that with growth shifting to exposure, there's maybe less room for improvement in the underlying loss ratio going forward?
Rob Berkley : No. I don't think that's how I -- at least that's not how we intended it to be interpreted. I think what we're suggesting is that if you look at our portfolio, a growing percentage of it has reached or is exceeding our targeted returns and how we think about the balance between exposure growth and rate may be refined. That having been said, parts of the business that are below our targeted returns, we are still, again, very focused on making sure that the rate is adequate. So I think it would be a mistake, in my opinion, to assume that the underwriting margin is not going to -- does not have the opportunity to improve from here. I think it's just what we're trying to message is the balance between rate and growth in many product lines rate is not the primary target for us. In addition to that, when you think about our economic model, just going back to the comments earlier, I think that you're going to find that, again, there is tremendous upside leverage for us with the investment portfolio.
Yaron Kinar : Okay. And then in your opening comments, Rob, you talked about your interest in being thoughtful as you look at the loss picks and the loss ratio, and I recognize you're also playing a long game here and not necessarily playing for the quarter. I think what has created some confusion for at least some of us on the outside is, we also, at the same time, hear you and others talk about hundreds of basis points of potential margin that has not yet shown up in results. So I guess, from my seat, my question would be why can we find more of a middle ground where if there are -- if there's a confidence around hundreds of basis points of margin and wants to be prudent and thoughtful at the same time, why can't there be 100 basis point of margin improvement or 150 basis points of loss ratio improvement and kind of achieve both ends of that?
Rob Berkley : Well, I think, at least from our perspective, and obviously, everyone is entitled to their own view. But from our perspective, loss cost trend and if you choose to unpack that, particularly economic inflation as well as social inflation are exceptionally leveraged. And if you get those wrong by not a lot, it can be a real problem. We are not interested in trying to push the business. We are not interested in trying to take any unnecessary risk. On an operating basis, we're generating a high teens return, without at least as we think about it being aggressive or optimistic. We're able to do that by being measured. And given that we think about the business through a risk-adjusted return lens, we think we are generating healthy returns for shareholders without increasing the risk by declaring victory prematurely. So we're quite comfortable with where we stand. We have a healthy respect for the unknown, and it's certainly something that we pay attention to. Obviously, as the reserves season out, we will be in a position to tighten up those picks. As we have historically, we will continue to do that, but in the early years, we're just not going to want to run the risk of moving prematurely. But in spite of that caution, we're still very proud of the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore.
David Motemaden: Just a question, Rob, on the 58.5 accident year loss ratio ex-cat. Is there anything in there one-off in nature? I know that in the second quarter of last year, I believe there were a few large fire losses. Just wondering if there is anything in there one-off, whether that's positive or negative, that impacted the loss ratio this quarter?
Rob Berkley : We did have some property risk losses which were frustrating. The good news is, we had less than we've had in the past. I think the work that colleagues are doing on that front hasn't fully taken hold, but the progress is clearly visible. But I think the 58.5 is a reasonable number for you guys to be focused on. Rich, I don't know, do you have a different view?
Rich Baio : I don't, Rob. That's I think spot on. I would agree.
David Motemaden : Got it. Okay. That's clear. And then my follow-up question just on the pricing change, the move down this quarter versus last quarter. I'm wondering if you could just drill down maybe and just talk about different parts of the market, maybe where competition is picking up and also where it might be -- on the other side, maybe the market is hardening a little bit as we sort of enter into or as the inflationary environment continues.
Rob Berkley : Yes. So probably at this stage, not enthusiastic about unpacking where we see the best opportunities and advertising that to a broader audience. I would tell you that the rate ticking down, what I would define as incrementally, is one I would encourage people not to read too much into it in a 90-day period. But number two, and more importantly, going back to an earlier point and what we at least attempted to articulate in the release is, when you are writing business where your returns are particularly attractive, the way you think about the balance between rate versus growth is perhaps different than it was when you didn't find the returns as attractive and rate was the priority. So each one of the businesses in the group or by product line, by territory is thinking about the balance. And it's multidimensional, but included in that is the balance between rate versus exposure growth. And I think a big piece of what you're seeing there, again, as we try to flag earlier is, there's a lot of the marketplace that we participate in that we like the rates. We like the margin that is available. We feel as though that through how we capture exposure change, we are effectively keeping up with economic inflation, and the rate that we're getting is more than adequate to keep up with any social inflation or stub of economic inflation. And we like it, and we're going to chase it and continue to optimize that balance.
David Motemaden : Got it. That makes sense. If I could just follow up on that point. I just noticed professional liability growth, if I just look at net premiums written growth that decelerated a bit. Was there anything in particular going on in that line? Or just there's more and more...
Rob Berkley : I think there's one piece in particular that is worth noting on the professional front. The market for professional overall, we find to be very robust. The one outlier would be public D&O, and it's still healthy there. But what has happened, it's less about new competition coming in and more about a slowdown in the capital markets, particularly around IPOs and SPACs, and that's just a reality. So that would be one of the parts of the marketplace that we participate in, where you're seeing a response to the environment, and there has been less activity on that front. And again, that's probably what's really noteworthy on the professional front. Other than that, outside of public D&O, we're seeing a lot of opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist.
Mark Hughes : On the economy, you mentioned that the audit premiums are looking quite strong. It doesn't sound like you're seeing any sort of issues. Why is that relative to a lot of the chatter out there about the looming recession and slowdowns in end markets? Is it just your positioning? Will you see it later than others? Just a little comment there would be helpful.
Rob Berkley : Well, I think a lot of people are -- when they talk about the economy and weakness in the economy, I'm not sure it's necessarily here and now. I think it's people anticipating what the interest rate environment is going to do to the economy. So while -- so from our perspective, our insurers, they seem to be doing quite well. Businesses are growing. Sales are robust. Payrolls are going up. And quite frankly, inflation seems to be driving a lot of it, too. So if you think about workers' comp, just as an example, payrolls are going up because of wage inflation. If you think about the local store on Main Street, maybe they're selling more, but part of that is being driven by they're charging more for their products. And of course, on the property front, we all know what has happened with values. So again, from our perspective on the audit front, we're not seeing our insurers at least at this stage in any type of financial apparel. And we are seeing their businesses grow partly due to health in the economy, but probably even more so as of late due to inflation and prices and wages going up and values.
Mark Hughes : Understood. And then the ceded premium has been declining. Will that continue? And how low can that go?
Rob Berkley : Well, ultimately, from our perspective, we have a view as to how our business will perform. We have some reinsurers that are clearly our partner throughout the cycle, and there are other reinsurers where they look to try and arbitrage us. From our perspective, we understand cost of capital, and we believe we understand the margin that's in our business, and we will operate accordingly. As far as -- we're somewhat uniquely positioned because we are not a heavy cat player. We, generally speaking, do not write large limits business. Well, we do write some, but just as a data point that we have shared with some folks in the past, insurance, types of -- insurance where you can legally have a limit, 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So as a result of that, we're just not as dependent on the reinsurance market because we're relatively cat light, and we're not a big limits player. So we will partner with people that are true partners, and we are not inclined to be arbitraged by those that are looking to do such.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Scott: So the first question I had is just on capacity to grow. And just thinking through premium growth has been really strong in 2021, it's continued to be strong. I mean what you're saying about exposure growth and when we think about rates still positive, and there's a lot of things driving pretty heavy premium growth here. I mean is there any way we should be thinking about the underwriting leverage of the business? And how much higher can that go? What kind of capital capacity do you have here to take growth to the next level, just given that, that seems to be the focus?
Rob Berkley : So I would tell you that we are very comfortable with our capital position and our ability to continue to write all of the well-priced business that we see out there. So we do not see today or anticipate tomorrow capital being a constraint. In addition to that -- I probably should have mentioned it earlier, Alex, one of the benefits to the approach that we have taken with the investment portfolio is, well, we are not completely insulated on the book value front from what has happened with interest rates and by extension, what's happened to book value. We are far more well positioned than many of our peers. And the rating agencies, certainly one of the ways they look at capital strength is on a relative basis. So when you see some of our peers facing challenges with their bond portfolio, perhaps, those are not the type of severe challenges that we have to deal with fortunately for us. So again, just overall capital, we feel like we're in a pretty good place. In general, we feel like it's not going to constrain our growth, and we think the health and soundness of our capital is really well positioned given the duration of the portfolio and the quality of the portfolio.
Alex Scott : Got it. And that actually leads into sort of the next question I was going to ask you, which is about the duration of that portfolio. I mean any updated views on sort of the mismatch you're running a little bit between assets and liabilities, and how you think about that going forward?
Rob Berkley : So my two cents, and then I'm going to flip it over to my boss to comment on. Obviously, we are short of where our liabilities are. That was a deliberate decision, and it's proven, at least at this stage, to be a very good one. As we continue to see rates move up, I think you'll see us look at taking the duration out. I don't think it's going to happen overnight, but I think you're going to see us gradually step into the water. I think the faster rates move up, the more aggressively you'll see us step into the water. So that would be my two cents. Mr. Chairman, do you want to offer an additional view?
Bill Berkley : My only additional comment would be, in spite of where the world is, where interest rates are, the Fed has no choice but to raise rates to deal with inflation. We're going to see rates higher. I don't know if it's going to be 300 basis points higher, 200 basis points higher or 500 basis points higher, but substantially higher. And we think in our sweet spot, which is the duration we ought to have, we'll get more than our fair share of that. So we would expect that will give us at least several hundred million dollars on a comparable basis of additional investment income. So we're quite optimistic, and we're not in a rush to push our duration out further.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis : My first question was just, I guess, when we think about your headline rate number, and I guess, trying to compare them to others. To what extent is your relatively lower exposure to short tail lines, perhaps at this point or reason why you might have a lower headline rate number?
Rob Berkley : Well, I mean, clearly, property cat is one of the product lines that is getting the most robust amount of rate. And I would suggest to you, it's probably one of the product lines, whether it's insurance or reinsurance, that has been most underpriced for an extended period of time. And I think that there's a lot of industry results to support that. Again, I think a lot of it really -- and I think -- I'm not sure I've articulated it particularly well, Ryan, but a lot of it has to do with rate adequacy. And once you believe that your rate adequate or better, then it turns into how do you think about the balance between pushing harder on rate versus growing the iceberg. So I agree with your point that because we are not a giant property cat writer, and I think we need to draw the distinction between cat-exposed property and traditional risk. You're maybe not seeing the same level of rate increase, but you're also in a lot of the market that we participate in. To begin with, you didn't see the same level of inadequacy in rates. I mean you got to remember, we've been pushing for rate for several years now at this stage. I think we were earlier than some and we paid the price for that on the volume front, but I mean it's several years now where we're getting rate on rate. Rich, it's going to be, what, 3 years?
Rich Baio : Yes. I think back to 2018, Rob.
Rob Berkley : A little bit more.
Ryan Tunis : Got you. And then on, I guess, the bottom on the workers' comp market, that's interesting. Is that a -- little more detail on that. Is that loss cost driven? Or is that just from the erosion of pricing over time?
Rob Berkley : No, I think loss -- I think it's both, to be perfectly frank. I think the pricing has been eroding for an extended period of time. And in addition to that, I think you're going to start to see severity become more and more of an issue. And I think the realities of medical inflation which have been somewhat benign for some period of time, I think that's going to change. I think you're going to be seeing medical inflation take off, and a lot of it has been sort of historically focused around pharma. And I think it's not just going to be pharma, I think it's going to be other aspects of medical inflation. I mean if you look at healthcare providers, big hospital systems or large groups, they are bleeding out of their ears, many of them, and something is going to have to change. So when the day is all done, there's going to be a moment of reckoning between the providers and the payers, and ultimately, the workers' comp market is not completely insulated from that. I think that there's early signs, if you chat with the people at NCCI that they are starting to see, in the more recent years, issues around severity trend. And they are starting to recognize the current accident years can only be supported so much by positive development coming out of prior years. In addition to that, my understanding is that the WCIRB out on the West Coast had a view that rates should be moving up, give or take, call it, I think it was 7% or so. And that got shut down by the insurance department out there. So there's growing tension there as well. So Ryan, I can't call it to the day, the week, the month or even the quarter, but there's a growing level of evidence that the music is slowing, that party is going to come to an end. It was likely prolonged by COVID because of the holiday around frequency and that has sort of allowed it to continue on for some time. But I think 24 months or so, maybe less, people are going to have to start to wake up and address it. I think the industry is probably running well over 100 at this stage as far as comp goes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith : A couple of ones here and I think some for Bill here. First, I'm just curious, on the investment funds. Obviously, a terrific result. This quarter, you seem pretty optimistic about some good performance here through remainder of 2022, despite what many would consider a very challenging investment environment. Just curious if you can kind of give us a little breakdown as to why that is, why you're pretty optimistic about it for the remainder of the year?
Rob Berkley : Are you talking about specifically the funds? Or are you...
Brian Meredith : So not investment funds. Exactly the funds.
Rob Berkley : The funds. So from our perspective, we think they've been reasonably resilient, as you can see. Please keep in mind that we booked it on a quarterly lag. So we don't have perfect visibility as to what Q3 will look like at this stage. Will it be as healthy and robust as it's been in the first half of the year, we'll have to see with time. We don't have that visibility yet, but we do not anticipate it being a big problem for us either based on our casual conversations with those that are managing the money.
Brian Meredith : Got you. And then I guess another question. I'm just curious from a macro perspective. It's been since the 70 since we've been in the stagflationary environment, and it looks like we may be going into one. Just curious, and Bill might know this, how did the industry kind of perform in a stagflationary environment? What are the kind of consequences in the playbook. And does it really matter that much for commercial insurers?
Bill Berkley : Well, I think the industry, yes, stagflation is really an issue of how you reserve your plan and how you price your product and the mix of business you're in. So some companies do really well and some do really badly. And we saw a number of companies effectively go out of business, and others prosper and win acquirers. So I think that it's a mixed bag of companies who paid attention to their numbers did quite well and possibly, companies who chose not to, defaulted. A great example would be [Chubb with Hospice] and AIG made some bad decisions, and defaulted. I think there's a whole mix of companies, some did wells, some did not do so well. But going forward, I think that it's going to be a much greater differentiation based on both the lines of business you're in and the particular opportunities that are out there. And my point of view, I generally see greater opportunities, but also substantial punishment for the companies that don't pay attention to the changing environment. And I think the environment is going to continue to save at a more rapid pace.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: I appreciate you want to keep the secret sauce in the company and totally makes sense. People always ask you what your loss cost trend is, what your inflation assumption is. You'll be qualitative about it, not quantitative. But can you talk about when you're out there searching for business, how big is the gap do you think between what your inflationary assumptions are and what your competitors are? Now some people are obviously very disciplined like yourself, but how wide is that variance do you think when you're out there speaking for pricing, I guess, between what smart people and less smart people are doing?
Rob Berkley : So Josh, I think it's a hard one to answer because it varies by product line and level of competition. And in addition to that, not going to be a wise ask, but competitors aren't really inviting us to their rate-making meetings. So knowing how they make their rates and come up with it, we're not really privy to. I would tell you that it's surprising to me, quite frankly, and I think we may have touched on this last time, but I apologize if it's repetitive. But there's a real divide these days between what I would define as standard market, that being national carriers and super regionals have an appetite for, versus what they don't have an appetite for. If they don't have an appetite for it, there seems to be more meaningful discipline in the specialty and the E&S market, and that's really attractive. I have been surprised that many national carriers and large regional carriers have been willing to be exceptionally competitive on what remains within their strike zone or their appetite. So again, I can't speak specifically to how they're thinking about loss trend and what their view is on this or that, but I can tell you that it is a very bifurcated world as far as level of competition between what is still within the appetite of the standard market and what falls outside.
Josh Shanker : Okay. I'll unpack that and work with it as I can. And then I guess a question for the Chairman. Look, I have a model going pretty far back, but not as far back as yours. When we talk about lengthening, what is the longest duration, or I guess, relative duration to liabilities that Berkley has ever been willing to run?
Bill Berkley : Well, I think that the answer is, duration is unlimited exposure and it's not one we would ever consider taking. Whereas shorter durations that you reset your mistakes more quickly and with more specific challenges. So if you have calibration through the years shorter than the portfolio duration, you know what your exposure is. Whereas if your duration is 3 years longer than your portfolio -- that gives you a different kind of risk. So I would guess, the answer is, we have never been consequentially longer a year or 2, maybe 3 on the long side. And when we have been such, we've been such because we think the world is paying way too much in interest rates for the current interest rate picture. So today, it would be a different story. We don't -- we think the pricing for interest rates is such that it's unlikely that get a lot of exposure. People paying a lot too much as far as rates, and I think that that's maybe even worse because at the moment, it's really an issue where you're confronting an environment where current interest rates are significantly in excess of the current market. So we have never, as far as I remember, really gambled on interest rates substantially in excess of our forecasted duration. And the answer is, we've never been betting on the long side, doesn't suit our general conservative nature. So yes, you in fact have caught one of the views that we have primarily. And that is, you don't get rewarded for taking a long-term debt. Interest returns being in excess of the return on your duration.
Josh Shanker : Thank you for the clarification. Appreciate it.
Bill Berkley: By the way, I would be happy if somebody has the idea of when wed come up with that because that would be a hell of a bet.
Rob Berkley : Sorry, Josh, did you have another question for us?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips : I just had 1 follow-up. You mentioned earlier in a question about your small mistakes in loss picks could result in kind of big ramifications. And I guess I'm curious, were you specifically referring to you or the industry? And if you, is that just because of your exposure to excess layers and your...
Rob Berkley : No. I think that's just a reality of this industry. If you look at anyone when you think of their economic model in this industry and you sort of unpack what are the drivers in a loss ratio and the leverage and certain assumptions that go into coming up with the loss ratio, some of them can be very leveraged, such as how do you think about economic inflation? What do you think social inflation means? And those numbers don't need to be adjusted very much for there to be a heck of a ripple effect.
Michael Phillips : Okay. Make sense. So I just want to make sure I didn't -- if you're specifically thinking of your own.
Rob Berkley : No, it wasn't pointed at us. I think it's just a reality for the industry, but obviously, the longer the tail, the more potential there is for leverage.
Michael Phillips : Sure. Okay. And then if I could, your high net worth book, I haven't heard much about that yet. We've heard a lot of severity issues on traditional homeowners companies, and any thoughts you could share there on what you're seeing?
Rob Berkley : Business continues to do exceptionally well, and it's clearly considered a very attractive alternative to some of the more traditional or long-standing names in the marketplace, some of which perhaps have lost sight of their value proposition. And fortunately, for us, we have colleagues that are doing a great job building that business and have a laser focus on what the value proposition is that audience or customer base is looking for and that's being recognized.
Operator: Yes, there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Rob Berkley for any closing remarks.
Rob Berkley : Okay. Josh, thank you very much, and we appreciate all that participated, you finding time to visit with us today. Clearly, a strong quarter which is obviously very encouraging, but perhaps even more encouraging is, there's clear evidence that the momentum continues to be there in a meaningful way on the underwriting side and a particularly noteworthy way as it's building on the investment side. So we will look forward to connecting with you all in 90 days. Thank you again for your participation, and have a good evening.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporations First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believe, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may immaterially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Emma, thank you very much and good afternoon all and thank you for finding time to join us for our Q1 call. On this end of the call in addition to myself, you also have Bill Berkley, Executive Chair; as well as Rich Baio, our Group CFO. We are going to follow the usual agenda, where I am in short order, going to hand it over to Rich. Hes going to walk through the highlights of the quarter. Then once hes completed his comments, I will tag along with a few of my own observations and shortly thereafter we will be opening it up for Q&A and happy to take the conversation in any direction participants would like to do so. That having been said, but before I do hand it over to Rich, because I always like to steal at least a little bit of his thunder though, I dont think the comments will come as a surprise to anyone thats had an opportunity to review the release. It was a terrific quarter for the organization really by any metric to say the least. And quite frankly, we were able to achieve these results because of the efforts of the full team across the country and around the world all working together to achieve these types of outcomes. I think whats important to that point is to just remind ourselves and remind each other that this effort, this is a team sport, as I have commented in the past, its not an individual sport. And quite frankly, this isnt rocket science what we are doing. Yes, we are very fortunate that we have a lot of very intelligent people on the team working very hard, but a lot of our success comes about because of discipline, because we focus on blocking and tackling in a thoughtful and consistent way every day, because we are not only consumed by whats in the rearview mirror, but we are paying close attention to what we see out the front windshield. It seems like common sense, but quite frankly, it requires great effort every day, and again, I think, we are achieving these types of results because of the efforts of the full team. So congratulations to all. I think beyond just the results, which again, I think, speak for themselves, I would suggest that perhaps whats as if not more exciting is quite frankly how the table has been set for what is likely going to be a very strong balance of 2022. Additionally, how things are being setup for what should be a very strong 2023. And with every passing day, there are more pieces being put into place that would suggest that its more likely than not that 2024 will also be very promising as well. So we as an organization continue to be very focused on building book value. We have an obsession around the concept of risk adjusted return. I think that came into focus not just in this quarter, but in our ability to generate good returns regardless of what may have happened on the cash front in any quarter. Its the consistency of strong results that differentiate us in the marketplace. So, with that, let me hand it over to Rich to walk us through some of the highlights and I will be back on the heels of his comments. Rich, if you would, please.
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. The company continues to operate extremely well, as Robert pointed out, reporting record quarterly underwriting income and net investment gains, both of which led to the 157% growth to record quarterly net income of $591 million or $2.12 per share on a common stock split affected basis. Operating earnings also improved 52% to $307 million or $1.10 per share on a common stock split affected basis. The primary contributors were improvement in underwriting results by 2.3 points to a calendar year combined ratio of 87.8% and growth in net investment income of almost 9.5%. Going more into the details with our top line first, gross premiums written grew 15.1% to a quarterly record of approximately $2.9 billion. Net premiums written also grew 17.7% to a record of more than $2.4 billion. The higher growth in net premiums written is driven by our decision to retain more business, which is evident by the lower session rate. In the Insurance segment, all lines of business grew generating a combined 19.2% increase to total net premiums written of almost $2.1 billion. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment also increased 9.6% to more than $300 million, driven by growth in casualty Reinsurance and Monoline Excess. This represents the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth in premium, which will continue to earn through the income statement and can be seen by the higher growth rate and net premiums earned compared with net premiums written. Record pretax quarterly underwriting income of $274 million surpassed multiple quarterly records last year. The quarter improved $92 million in more than 50% over the prior year. Catastrophe losses were well within expectations at $29 million or 1.3 loss ratio points. This compares with $36 million or 1.9 loss ratio points in the first quarter of 2021. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved 0.6 loss ratio points to 58.3%, primarily driven by rate improvement, prior year loss reserves developed favorably by almost $1 million in the current quarter, bringing our calendar year loss ratio to 59.5%. Expense ratio is in line with expectations at 28.3%, reflecting an improvement of 1.2 points over the prior years quarter. As previously mentioned, the growth in net premiums earned continues to benefit the expense ratio, even with higher fixed costs coming from compensation, a new operating unit and increase in travel and entertainment. In summary, these components contributed to our current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes of 86.5% for the quarter, compared with 88.4% for the first quarter of 2021. Net investment income increased almost 9.5% to $174 million for the quarter. The growth is primarily related to an improvement in investment funds of 33.6% and the core portfolio of 11.7%. Investment funds outperformed in the real estate, financial services and transportation funds, and the core portfolio benefited from rising interest rates and dividends received on equity securities. The investment portfolio also maintained the same duration of 2.4 years and credit quality of a AA-. In addition, our strong operating cash flow has enabled us to put more money to work, despite retaining a significant position in cash and cash equivalents of approximately $2.1 billion. Record pretax net investment gains in the quarter of $366 million is primarily made up of net realized gains on investments of $277 million and the change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $93 million. The key contributor to the realized gains was the sale of the real estate investment in London of $317 million gross or $251 million net of transaction expenses and the foreign currency impact, including the reversal of the currency translation adjustment. Corporate expenses increased primarily due to performance-based compensation arising in connection with the record level of earnings. The effective tax rate was 19% in the quarter, reflecting a one-time benefit from the release of a valuation allowance arising from the utilization of tax attributes, as well as investments in tax exempt securities and dividend paying equity securities. Stockholders equity increased to almost $6.9 billion as of the end of the first quarter, representing an increase of 3.2% over the prior year end. Book value per share before dividends increased 3.5% in the quarter and would have marginally increased even without the gain from the sale of the real estate investment in London. The annualized return on beginning of year equity was 35.5% for the quarter and 18.5% on an operating earnings basis. Rob, I will turn it back to you for further comments.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Rich, thank you very much. That was great. So let me keep this somewhat brief, because I am sure people have their own topics and questions Id like to get on to. But maybe just through my lens, a couple of sound bites, the topline, obviously, just shy of 18% from my perspective by any measure is very healthy and if we unpack that a little bit, a couple of other data points for folks, as far as the rate increase that component in their ex comp came in at 8.3%. And let me give you a couple of other numbers and then I want to dig into this a little bit more. So the new business relativity, which is a metric that we have shared with some of you in the past, is how we measure our new business pricing relative to our renewal pricing. From our perspective, when you look at new business, one needs to recognize that there often times, not always, but often times could be more risk associated with it. Your renewal book you know more about, new business you know less about and to make a long story short, our new business relativity for the quarter came in at 1.018. So what does that mean? That means based on our macro measurements, we are charging just shy of 2% more for new business relative to renewal business. Another relevant -- at least in my opinion, relevant data point is our renewal retention ratio came in at 82% and change. Why is that important? Because it tells you that we are -- to get the growth we are not churning the book. We are keeping the portfolio intact and from our perspective that is a very healthy number, and certainly, from our perspective also is as an invitation if you will to keep pursuing additional rate. I think that when you look at the 8.3%, its also important that people understand that theres several dimensions that we are able to see that perhaps those from the outside looking in cant see. We look at this business by operating unit, by product line and are constantly assessing the margin that we believe exists in the business. And there is a constant balance or rebalancing that we are doing on a daily basis, as to what type of rate we need, what margin we think is in the business and at what point in time when we see the margin that is available is growth of exposure the priority or is rate the priority and between those two components which one is more of a priority. So at this stage we feel very good about the available margin, and as a result, in many product lines, we are willing to allow exposure growth to be the priority over rate but not across the Board. I also want to spend a couple of moments talking about staying on that topic of exposure, because obviously for some number of years we have been beating the drum about social inflation. I think we were on the earlier side compared to many of our peers some folks may have labeled us chicken a little, but nevertheless, I am grateful that our colleagues have the inside and we took the action that we did. That having been said, obviously as of late, this concept of economic or financial inflation seems to be getting all the headlines with good reason. And its important, I think, for observers to understand, to take into account that the majority -- in our organizations case, I cant speak to others, but in this organizations case, the majority of the policies that we write are based on or priced off of, if you will, exposure. So what do I mean by that? I mean, we price our policies off of payroll, off of receipts or revenue or off of appraised value, which is done in a very timely manner at the time when we are underwriting the policy. So I mention this because as people are grappling with what is the impact of economic inflation on our business model, certainly we are not insulated from it. We will in a couple of moments potentially get into the discussion around what does it mean for the investment portfolio. But from an underwriting perspective, why are we are not completely insulated, the majority of our business activities, the pricing, if you will, feeds off of exposure, i.e. in other words, if you own a deli and you are charging a dollar more a sandwich and we are pricing your GL, we are pricing it off of your revenue and your receipts. Consequently, the premium is going up as your revenue and receipts are going up. That is separate and distinct from rate. Rate is a separate activity, if you will and how one thinks about it from exposure growth, and again, obviously, inflation to a great economic and again, obviously, inflation to a great extent -- economic inflation to a great extent is contemplated in exposure growth. A couple of quick sound based on the loss ratio, continued improvement from there. As Rich mentioned, we did have some cat activity. Really, the two pieces that are most noteworthy would be, one, the European storms during the quarter, as well as the Australian floods to the extent people want more detail, we can certainly get into that in Q&A probably best just to pick it up in the queue. The other piece I wanted to flag on the loss ratio and I may have touched on this last quarter, I cant remember and I didnt go back and look at the transcript. But its something I look at and perhaps its of interest to others and that is the paid loss ratio. I am just going to which came in in the quarter at a 45.3%. Id like to give you a couple of historical data points, which you can always dig up on your own. But let me save you the work and the numbers I am going to read off are over the past couple of years for the first quarter what the paid loss ratio was and I want to give it to you for the corresponding periods because that way we are getting as close to apples-to-apples as possible, though its not a perfect comparison because of mix of business, et cetera. But if we, again, 2022 for the quarter, it came in at a 45.3%. So lets go back to 2017. If you go back to 2017, Q1 paid loss ratio 55.5%, 2018 Q1 paid loss ratio 58.8%, 2019 paid loss ratio 54.2%, 2020 loss -- paid loss ratio 56.1%, 2021 paid loss ratio for the first quarter 48.2%. So I flag it because its one of the first things that my father taught me about the insurance business. The paid loss ratio theres really not much room for grey. Its a black and white number, its a real number. And again, I think that it is one data point, which people can interpret any way they want, but I think its, in my opinion, a helpful indicator or trend as to where things are going. Rich talked about the expenses. Obviously, there are two things that we are experiencing -- three things that we are experiencing in there, A, earned premium continues to grow. We are getting a benefit there. Going the other way, T&E is starting to pick up again as fortunately knock on wood, COVID is hopefully in the rearview mirror and shrinking, and then, lastly, we have one new operation which now is feeding into the reported expense ratio and it takes time for it to scale, as we have discussed in the past and we are confident it will be accretive over time. Let me offer a couple of quick sound bites on the investment portfolio and then I promise I will be finishing up and it will be the participants turn. The investment portfolio, I think, is a great example of some of the comments that I offered earlier around a focus towards discipline, a focus out of the front windshield, not just the rearview mirror, and quite frankly, I think we started to see some benefit really towards the end of last year and that benefit is really starting to crystallize and likely more to come. So as Rich mentioned, duration for the portfolio at the end of the quarter was 2.4 years. Another data point, the book yield on the portfolio was 2.2%. Given where interest rates have gone, our new money rate in the quarter is approximately 100 basis points above that. So as they say, you can do the math and figure out what does the 100 basis points benefit mean for our investment income and our fixed, for our investment income, given the movement in rates that we are seeing on the fixed income portfolio. So when we talk about the table being set for the future and the opportunities coming our way and what this means for our economic model and the earnings power of the business, I think thats an important data point for people to be considering again in my opinion. Another point that Id like to make, and quite frankly, its a little bit of a pet peeve around here and that has to do with gains. Certainly, we have noticed that people have a tendency to back gains out of our results. And quite frankly, people can look at the numbers any way they want, but from our perspective, we think that, thats just not appropriate. We give up a fair amount of operating income, if you will, to invest in alternatives, particularly some of the activities that have a focus towards gain. We are focused on total return and we think that is what is in the best interest of the shareholders, and again, obviously, we take an approach very focused on risk adjusted return. So I think that we are already benefiting from the discipline that we have exercised over the past several years, keeping that duration short. I think that benefit is going to be coming more and more into focus over the coming quarters and years, and quite frankly, I think it was a few quarters ago, we talked about how, quite frankly, if rates move up, we didnt think that we were getting paid enough by taking the duration out. I think that reality has come into focus. And I think in part that was demonstrated as Rich referenced a few moments ago. But if you look at our book value and even if you chose, which I do not agree, but if you chose to back out the gain from the building that we sold in London. Our book value, in spite of what happened with interest rates, still went up, which I think given what has happened in the bond market is pretty outstanding. So, again, congratulations, job well done to my colleagues on the investment side. So that was probably a lot more than anyone was looking for or bargain for, but thank you for your patience and listening to me. And Emma, why dont I pause there and lets open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Elyse. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good evening. My first question, I was hoping to get just more color on what you guys are broadly seeing within the E&S market. It seems from the growth and the commentary right that you are not seeing competition pick up there, just any color there? And Rob, when you think out over the balance of this year, how do you expect the underlying dynamics between the standard and the E&S market to play out?
Rob Berkley: So --my, well, first, thanks for the question, and second of all, when we look at the submission flow thats coming into our specialty businesses in general, in particular, the E&S businesses, but the specialty businesses in general, it was very strong in the quarter. My observation from a distance, and again, we are much, much, much more a specialty player than not. But it would seem, again, from a distance that the standard market, they have a very firm view as to what is in their appetite, what isnt in their appetite. And if its out of their appetite, they -- we did out of there very quickly and very abruptly. But if its staying in their appetite, they seem to be apparently very, very aggressive. Its almost that they dont understand the inflationary environment that we are operating in. But we are a specialty player more than that, so maybe I am mistaken. Long story short, flow of submissions remains very encouraging, and quite frankly, in particular, noticed March was particularly strong. So theres really nothing that we are seeing that would suggest that the momentum is getting derailed in the specialty specifically E&S space, I think was your question, but across the Board.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then, you guys seem still pretty positive on pricing. So how should we think about the rate versus loss trend dynamic, as we think about that, what can be earned in over the balance of the year?
Rob Berkley: Okay.
Elyse Greenspan: Should -- would you expect within range of, I guess, the 60 basis points that we saw this quarter?
Rob Berkley: Well, I -- theres a -- I think a limit as to how far I can go without the room and then getting stormed by lawyers. But what I would tell you is that, I think that at this stage, based on how we think about loss cost trend and the rate that we are achieving, there is reasonably compelling evidence that the rate we are achieving is in excess of loss cost trend and by something that would be measured in hundreds of basis points. How quickly we recognize that?
Elyse Greenspan: Okay.
Rob Berkley: We -- its not lost on us, how leveraged some of these assumptions are. I think, as Elyse, we have discussed in the past on calls like this, we are just not going to push it. Its a complicated environment with a lot of unknowns. The business is running from our perspective quite well. We think we are on a good trajectory. But, again, when we do the math, we think that its a pretty healthy delta.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Good evening, Mark.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. Good evening. How much of the improvement in paid loss ratio do you think comes from claims dynamic, frequency or severity? How much are they bouncing back relative to kind of pre-COVID or is that all a rate dynamic?
Rob Berkley: Look, I think, we will not have clarity around that other than through the passage of time. That having been said, clearly, there was a pinch point, if you will, in the claims activity due to COVID, though, we think its gradually catching up. From my perspective, I think, we are in a pretty good place, and to my many colleagues credit, I think much of the improvement you are seeing is as a result of their efforts and their performance. And having been said, we will have greater clarity to your question with time and I would be reluctant to try and answer it in a definitive way, but certainly there are a lot of encouraging signs. But that having been said, thats why we are carrying the loss picks in a -- what I would define as a thoughtful and measured manner, and not wanting to declare victory prematurely. But even with that taking a measured approach, obviously, the business continues to perform at a very healthy return with or without gain.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Thank you for that. And Rich, the reserve development in the quarter, what was that again overall and then do you have it by segment by any chance?
Rich Baio: We, in total, it was about a $1 million of favorable development and we dont typically provide the split between segments. We disclose that information in the 10-Q.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Good evening, Michael.
Michael Phillips: Hey. Thanks. Good evening. Rob, I guess, more on the loss trend topic. You talked last couple of quarters about kind of the picture is pretty foggy and I imagine its -- I am going to ask is it more or less foggy today than it was, say, three quarters ago? Is it harder to put numbers around that today than it was four quarters ago is kind of the question? And the reason I ask is, because when you talk about that rate versus loss trend in excess of hundreds of basis points, I think, its pretty close to what you said last couple of quarters as well. So I am just curious how you look at the loss -- that differential if foggy picture is perhaps even foggy than it was three quarters ago?
Rob Berkley: Well, I dont think, I think actually with every passing day, the underwriting years become more seasoned and we can -- we -- the policy is I should say become more seasoned. We have greater clarity as to what the ultimate outcome will be. But, obviously, during COVID, there was a bit of a pinch point in the legal system and how quickly things were getting resolved. From our perspective, with every passing day, we have more clarity around the 2020 and 2021 year, and we are refining our views. But even as I said with a -- what I would define as a thoughtful and measured loss pick, we are still comfortably clearing that hurdle by what would be measured in hundreds of basis points.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Thats helpful. The second question is just kind of more general higher level. But you clearly are a specialty player one of the best out there, that word specialty is getting more overused today than probably social inflation was part of it. And I ask if you feel the competitive nature in your business is, has it changed any and say I am not talking the last three months or the next three months, but its more like last five years. Are there more players that are interested in that space than you thought were the case again a longer-term horizon, because its a term that just everybodys kind of talking about?
Rob Berkley: Well, everybody wants to be special. I guess we all are special, right? But putting that aside, look, we certainly have -- we do have peripheral vision, but we spend a lot of time just trying to focus on what we need to be doing, what our goals are, how we need to execute. And are there -- one of the things at least I think is important to keep in mind and you may want to consider is that as opposed to past cycles of becoming more and more of the cases that different product lines are marching through the cycle on their own, they are not all in perfect lockstep. So as a result of that different product lines are in different places. There are certain product lines where we are watching the competition increase. There are certain product lines where we are watching the competition diminish. But, overall, in the specialty space, the competitors that we view as real competitors, the ones that we respect. They are basically the same names today as they were two years ago. We have been doing the specialty business, if you will. Its been a focus of ours since 1979. So its not that the world is stagnant. Its not that any of us live in a vacuum. Obviously, its continuing to change. But we have a lot of expertise. We got a lot of data. We got a lot of intellectual capital, and quite frankly, tribal knowledge and relationships that exist within the organization and I think that that bodes well for us. But that all having been said, in spite of a lot of the chatter, we -- the competitors that we respect today tend to be, by and large the same list that existed two years, three years, four years, five years ago.
Michael Phillips: Yeah. Okay, sir. Thank you for your time. I appreciate your comments.
Rob Berkley: Thank you for your question. I appreciate your engagement.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon.
Yaron Kinar: I will continue beating this beat, I guess, on loss trends. You said that you have several 100 basis points in excess of trend here in rate. I think you made that comment in the prior year or two as well. So, I guess, with that, when do we start seeing some of that develop more fully and fix themselves, I mean, how many years of maturation do you need in the portfolio? I guess what I tie it to is your comment around 2024, I guess, you are becoming more confident and how that will play out? Is that essentially going to come through reserve releases as you start gaining more and more confidence in the maturity of that portfolio?
Rob Berkley: Well, look, I think, to your point, it takes time for this to come through and we will have to see how it develops. The assumption that I am making or a statement or that I was suggesting or that I was alluding to around 2020 -- the balance of this year, 2023 and 2024, first off, obviously, we all know how you write -- the timing difference between written versus earned. Second of all, as far as next year goes, clearly some of the business that we write on the reinsurance side that positions us well. I think the other piece is that we understand what new money rates are and we know what thats going to mean for our economic model as well. So, again, with every passing day, as I suggested, the table is being set for tomorrow. Are we banking on positive reserve developments in the statement I made? No, sir, we are not doing that. Do I think that we are being measured in our picks and there is a certainly a chance that things could work out better than what we are carrying the reserves at? Yes, I do. Will that come into focus over time as we have more clarity? That is the expectation. But in part, as I think we have discussed as a group in the past, COVID perhaps has created a delay and how quickly things are coming into focus. I think there are some people that would suggest that theres a year, maybe 18 months of a delay in aspects of the legal system and we are just not going to declare victory prematurely. So its going to take some time. We are going to see how things play out over the coming quarters and into next year, and as we have more clarity, you will see us, taking the action that we think is appropriate with the loss picks that we are currently carrying.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my second question goes to premium growth.
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
Yaron Kinar: You had 19% net premiums written growth in insurance. I think at a conference a month or two ago, you talked about maybe 15% to 25% growth for 2022. So seems like you are kind of in the middle of that range. But 1Q 2021 seems to be a little bit of an easier comp than the rest of the year. So can you help us think through that 15% to 25% growth number?
Rob Berkley: Ultimately from our perspective as I suggested earlier theres certainly evidence that would suggest there continues to be great opportunity for specialty players. I cant promise to anyone, including myself what tomorrow will bring, but I can share with you my interpretation of the available data. And when we look at the strength of the submission flow particularly in the specialty space and including the E&S space and the quarter including what we saw later in the quarter we are feeling pretty good about it. Could -- May or June or something could have turned out to be something very different? Absolutely. Do I see that as the likely outcome? No, sir, I do not.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Rich Baio: Hi, Ryan.
Rob Berkley: Ryan, good afternoon.
Ryan Tunis: Hey. Good afternoon. First question is on the expense ratio. I noticed in the past couple of years its a little bit elevated in the first quarter relative to the remainder of the year. Is there something seasonal to that and is there a reason to think that might be true this year as well?
Rob Berkley: Rich, I dont know, is there anything around remuneration?
Rich Baio: Yeah. I was going to say, I think, it might be attributed to the incentive compensation, because we obviously accrue throughout the year based on our best views of what the year is going to play out for. But then, ultimately, we wait until the year ends and then make any adjustments with regards to bonus accruals that are going to get paid out, profit sharing, long-term incentive comp and the like.
Ryan Tunis: Understood.
Rob Berkley: But just -- but -- and Ryan, just to be clear
Ryan Tunis: Go ahead.
Rob Berkley:  that would be -- thats not an overwhelming sum.
Ryan Tunis: Correct.
Rob Berkley: I mean, that would be, whatever, 10 basis points, 20 basis points, something like that, right, Rich?
Rich Baio: Yeah. Thats right.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then, so, yeah, Rob, in your prepared remarks the comment on not feeling good about just 2023 but also some confidence in 2024. But you said, you are not -- its not based on you banking on unreserved releases. So maybe you just go a little bit more into the specifics about whats giving me that level of visibility, was that a comment about gross pricing or just visibility into solid underlying trends?
Rob Berkley: So, from my perspective -- well, a couple of things, Ryan. First off, I think, we need to and I think you have, but I am not sure if others have, given appropriate consideration to what this change in interest rate environment means for our economic model. And I tried to flag that when you think about what our book to yield is today versus what our new money rate is and where thats likely to go. But lets put the investments to the side for a moment. The other piece is, every day that we are writing business in 2022 that goes by and we are earning it in over 12 months and we are achieving rate that we believe is comfortably above trend that bodes well for what the outcome is likely to be. And number three, I just dont see things going. Its not like an on-off switch. The market doesnt be on a great trajectory and then all of a sudden the bottom falls out. And I guess the last comment and I apologize for being a bit repetitive, but I think that you are going to see certain product lines that have been doing particularly well over the recent past, at some point they are going to peak out. But I think simultaneously some of the product lines that perhaps havent been as robust, at some point, you are going to see them start to kick up. So lets use workers compensation as an example, workers comp for the past several years, its been a very competitive market, state reading bills have been taking the action they have been taking, and ultimately, if history is any indicator for what is what we should all be expecting, eventually it will end in tears for the industry. Commercial lines -- workers comp is one of the largest components of the commercial lines marketplace. When that turns that is going to be offsetting my, is what I am suggesting. Other product lines that may have peaked and are go the other way. So, again, I think that there is a lot of momentum out there today. I think that there are a lot of pieces in place that will bode well for tomorrow. And I think that theres the argument that you are going to be seeing as the cycle has changed and our product lines arent marching in lockstep, you are going to see other things that will come along and perhaps lift certain portfolios for certain carriers.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. So I wanted to ask about this balance between growth and rate taking. Just listening to your comments, it sounds like maybe in more products than our growing number of products here you are letting exposure growth be the priority. When we think about that which is sort of separate from what you are saying on exposure, growth from inflation where that directly feeds the premiums and then its also separate from rate. I mean, because of that decision to maybe lean a little more into growth in certain product lines, should we expect to see maybe even more of an inflection in terms of the amount of growth that you can get despite rate decelerating a little bit?
Rob Berkley: Well, a couple of things there just to make sure we are on the same page. I think clearly as we are seeing inflation in the economy and we are seeing prices go up on goods and services, we are seeing wage inflation, which has an impact on payrolls that is impacting exposure growth. And as we write in the business, we price the business off of exposure to a great extent. That is as you pointed out separate and distinct from rate. So when we think about rate going up and rate going up in excess of our view on trend. In other words that could suggest that you will see further margin expansion on a policy or basis. Furthermore, again, as I said in the aggregate, our rate increases are outpacing what we believe our loss cost trend is, and that is the case in the aggregate and that is the case in the majority of the product lines we right. Did I answer your question?
Alex Scott: Yeah. I think you did. I -- yeah, I think you got it. Maybe just for a follow up.
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
Alex Scott: Separately on net investment income, do you mind giving an update and just how you are feeling about the duration at this point and what at what point would you consider lengthening out the duration? I mean, I think the EPS sensitivity to you lengthening it out to where liabilities are as reasonably material. So I am just trying to understand over what time period you would consider looking to do that?
Rob Berkley: Its something that we are looking at every day at this stage, taking starting to buy bonds out in the five-year and 10-year range. We dont think you are really at the moment getting paid for it, but its certainly something that we are paying attention to and as my -- from our perspective, we are paying close attention to it. But taking out the duration is an option that we have, but we are going to exercise that option when we think it makes economic sense again through a lens of risk adjusted return. I dont know if you want to add on?
Bill Berkley: I would only say that we think that the uncertainty of inflation when it is going to end and how quickly it ends, as well as issues about flow of funds, as well as investments of the fed in non-government securities, all together make us want to be a little hesitant. For now if you said, you want your duration to go from 2.4 years to 2.5 years, yeah, that would be great. You want us your duration go to three years now? I dont think so. So we are happy where we are going out a little bit maybe, but we are not yet comfortable that this is where we should start to move it out.
Rob Berkley: And just as a reminder, we have a lot of runway ahead of us, because the average duration of our liabilities is, Rich, I believe its about four years, yeah.
Rich Baio: Thats correct.
Alex Scott: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Meyer. Good afternoon.
Meyer Shields: Great. Hi, Rob. How are you?
Rob Berkley: Good. How are you?
Meyer Shields: Good. Thanks. First question, I guess, it looks like growth in the Reinsurance segment slowed more quickly than in the Insurance segment. And I am wondering, if theres anything meaningful in that?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Not really. Quite frankly, I think, what does it mean? Obviously, on the surface, I mean, we wrote less Reinsurance business than Insurance business or Reinsurance and Access business. But I would suggest that people not least to any conclusions on that. We obviously are paying attention to it, but we are not really bothered by it at all and we will see what the balance of the year holds. But, again, I would encourage you not to read too deeply into that. Well, we will see what unfolds from here.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thats helpful. You also mentioned on the Insurance segment lower session. I was wondering do they, profile of that that you could provide, are you retaining more lower level of risk or is it just some other component of Reinsurance buying that seems less necessary?
Rob Berkley: Look, we look at everything we buy and we think about, is it something that we think makes sense? How do we think about the risk and the return? How do we think about the volatility? How do we think about the rate that we are paying? And ultimately, we also have a panel of reinsurers. Some are our partners. Some are people that are just people that we trade with. So, long story short, we have the luxury of buying Reinsurance when we think it makes economic sense for the company to a great extent, because, again, we as an organization are not a big limited player. For the most part, approximately 90% or so of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. At the same time, we buy when we think it makes sense for the shareholders, and at the same time, of course, we are conscious of our long-term relationships with our partners on the Reinsurance side. So long story short, we are happy with how we are and we look at what makes sense for the company.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. And one last question if you can throw it in. You talk about that 1.8% premium on new businesses versus renewal and we have generally
Rob Berkley: 1.18%, call it, 2%.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Right. So, historically, we have looked at that as sort of a reflection of competition in the industry where its below 1% that maybe the industry is being more competitive. But I was wondering if you could talk about how that delta actually how well does it represent the lack of knowledge in newer business? Is that enough of a premium? Should it be bigger? Could it be smaller?
Rob Berkley: Look, the long story short, one you need to understand thats an aggregation of 57 different operating units. Number -- so please keep that in mind. Number two is it enough if you will push in or we appropriately taking into account the risk? I guess, the short answer is that, yeah, I think, so, my colleagues that are selective on pricing risk are I think very skilled, very thoughtful and generally speaking very experienced and its not like its just whatever being thrown over the transom or spaghetti being thrown against a loan, we see what sticks. These people are experts in their field, they understand the exposures and they are able to make judgments as to whats an appropriate rate. So is that the right number? I guess we will all see with time, but do I think its sensible and reasonable? Yes, I do.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, David.
David Motemaden: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks. I guess just maybe just a question on the loss trend assumption and if you made any changes to that during the quarter, whether that be on the property side with regards to higher CPI inflation or also just on the liability side. And maybe if you could just comment on what you are seeing from a core activity standpoint, whether you are seeing it start to thaw in the legal system thus far during the year.
Rob Berkley: So the short answer is that, we are constantly thinking about our loss picks and we are equally conscious of what economic inflation means for our loss picks, just as we are continue to be preoccupied with what do we think social inflation means for our loss picks. So I dont think it makes sense for us to get into the nooks and crannies as to what it means for these various different product lines. But what I can tell you is, by operating in a by product line, we have and continue to do in a pretty timely way a drains up review around what do these various components mean for lost trend and how it may impact our costs? Sorry, what the second piece, I beg you for answer?
David Motemaden: I guess I am just wondering in terms of specifically this year what you are seeing from...
Rob Berkley: The legal thing thats in farm.
David Motemaden: Yeah. Yeah. Are you seeing any
Rob Berkley: Are we
David Motemaden: any more verdict
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
David Motemaden:  or the size of the verdicts that you are seeing, are those noticeably higher
Rob Berkley: I think social inflation 
David Motemaden:  than they were in the past?
Rob Berkley: Social inflation persists, anyone who doesnt see it, probably, they needs to flip on their glasses or look a little closer and anyone who doesnt appreciate again its a very much a reality. Its more severe in certain regions of the country than others. But I would say just generally speaking its pervasive across the nation. Theres probably a variety of contributing factors. Clearly society is opening up and that includes the legal system. Have we completely caught up? Probably not. But are we in the process of catching up? Yes, gradually, would be my estimation.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. And then if I could just sneak one more in. You mentioned that just the standard lines players within their defined risk appetite competition appear to be picking back up. Are you seeing them expand at all into some of those higher excess layers and casualty lines are starting to maybe expand what whats in their risk appetite or is that just still not happened yet?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Not really. Honestly my -- yeah, I got a lot of colleagues that could probably answer the question better than I, but based on my engagement with them and what they have shared with me, I think it is still a very good market for us and we are looking forward to making continuing to make as much as hey as we can while the opportunity continues to present itself. But, no, we are -- the standard market they see, again, based on the flow that we are seeing, they seem to continue to be in a moment where they are contracting much of their appetite. But again, from a distance, it looks like whatever is still within their strike zone, they are really leaning into. And its bizarre to me, just to digress for a moment. It kind of makes me wonder. Do they really understand what the impacts of social inflation? Are they fully contemplating certain aspects of economic inflation and what that may mean for their portfolio, that may not necessarily be being captured in the exposure component. But, look, they -- we got enough to worry about on our end just with the business that we all work for and I am sure they know what they are doing, so we wish them well and we hope they wish us the best, too.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good afternoon.
Josh Shanker: Good afternoon to you, Rob. A lot of moving parts in the quarter, you guys sold this wonderful building in London and have big profit and you grew book value. Of course, you should be very proud of that. But I want to be able to compare your results apples-to-apples with everybody else, obviously, you are a different kind of apple. Can you talk a little about what the mark-to-market on the bond portfolio was? You are sure that everyone else I assume that you are going to compare very favorably on that compared to others.
Rob Berkley: Rich, can -- do you have the number handy. Forgive me, Josh, I dont have it off the top of my head. Rich if you dont have it, Josh can we circle back to you.
Rich Baio: Josh we have disclosed in the supplemental information, I think, that was page seven. I believe from memory the movement from year end to the end of first quarter was about $425 million after tax.
Josh Shanker: Okay. Thats great. Thank you. And in terms of thinking about your various alternative styles and investments, is this a time to be deploying into arbitrage? Is this a time to be deploying capital into the partnerships and/or maybe real estate, how are you thinking about the non-traditional aspects of the investment portfolio?
Rob Berkley: Josh, from my perspective no different than on the investment side, we have a lot of very capable people that understand the goal of the exercise is a good risk adjusted return, but obviously with an eye towards total return. From -- when we think about it, we are happy to wait all day long for our picks and I think the teams have done a great job doing that over the years. So theres a lot of challenge and theres a lot of opportunity out there and I expect they will continue to do a great job separating the wheat from the chaff. But I dont think we have any specifics and I dont know you may have additional comments.
Bill Berkley: No. I think that we over the past year reduced our exposure in real estate by a substantial amount. But I think we are constantly opportunistic in looking individually at the kinds of things we do and we will continue to do that. so
Josh Shanker: And 
Bill Berkley: if we have no individual particular thing thats going to make us change your mind I know at least that I can see.
Rob Berkley: Josh, did you have another one there?
Josh Shanker: It would be reasonable. Yeah. Just one quick one this is probably maybe longer, but can you compare and contrast is there anything we should take away different thats going on in the workers comp market versus the excess workers comp market?
Rich Baio: I think it would seem as though at least in the recent past the primary comp market has been notably competitive. It would be wrong to suggest that the excess comp is not competitive, but I would suggest that the primary comp is probably even more so. Obviously that varies based on region or specialty, but we have noticed in the comp market putting aside rating bureau action. We have seen certain players looking for ways to buy market share through increase in commissions. We have seen examples where it would appear as though people are miscategorizing exposures in order to justify how they can write premium. And again, Josh, look at my crystal ball is no clearer than anyone elses, probably would help if I change the batteries in it. But long story short, I think, comp is going to have a bumpy road over the next, I dont know more than 12 months, less than 36 months. But thats just one persons personal view.
Josh Shanker: Thats a very reasonable view. Thank you very much for the answers.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thank you. Just a quick question. The investment funds, I think, many of those are priced on a one quarter lag. Any early read on what we might expect when you report Q2?
Rob Berkley: Nothing thats particularly noteworthy at this stage and thats not leading that one way or the other, its just we for a lot of it, we dont have the information yet. A lot of the funds, it takes them some time to get the marks and deliver it to us so. We will see how it plays out. But we dont have clarity to share with you at this stage.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: But just one thing to the extent that its helpful, we are not a heavy participant in the tech space, if you would, if thats of interest.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thanks.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Brian. Good afternoon.
Brian Meredith: Good afternoon and evening. A couple of ones here for you. First, Rob, I am just curious, noticed a kind of meaningful slowdown in the growth in professional liability and commercial auto, anything noteworthy there? And then particularly on commercial auto, just kind of given the hiring environment that we are hearing about in the trucking business, any caution there with respect to potential frequency?
Rob Berkley: Look, I think, the -- maybe take I mean the opposite order, if you dont mind.
Brian Meredith: Yeah.
Rob Berkley: As far as commercial auto, I think that theres clearly a shortage of drivers. Its been a problem. Its a bigger problem today than it was yesterday, but it was a problem yesterday. Clearly, training and experience is also something that I think one needs to recognize and what does that mean? Presumably, people take that into account. We are certainly trying to take it into account when we are looking at exposures and how we underwrite, whether it be purely in the underwriting and the data and the information that we collect on the employees and the hiring practices and so on and the training, obviously we are getting into that in our loss engineering or loss control as well. So its an important piece and I share the question, and quite frankly, the concern. Brian, I would suggest that one could expand that a bit even beyond the challenges that a commercial auto space faces to the broader. The reality is its a very tight labor market and I think as we have shared the observation in the past, often times that will lead to people working overtime. Thats when things sometimes can go wrong. In addition to that, oftentimes you will have people that are not as well trained in positions and that can lead to unfortunate situations as well. As far as the professional liability space, I would suggest that you are not read too much into it. There is one piece of the professional liability space that I think we have an appropriate level of severe caution around and that is large law firms and that may be a contributing factor to what you are referring to. But generally speaking, we still see a lot of opportunity in the vast majority of the professional space and its still a cyclical business, but at the moment and for the foreseeable future, we like the opportunities.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my follow up question here. If I look at your short tail lines some pretty good growth. How much of that growth is coming from your Homeowners Insurance business? And also on that, are you seeing more opportunities in that high net worth Homeowners business just given the incredible increase we have seen in housing prices in the U.S.?
Rob Berkley: So, first off, certainly, a meaningful percentage is coming from the high net worth operation, but its also coming from lots of other parts of the business that are writing property. So its not all on their shoulders. Its shared amongst many. And as far as your specific questions on the high net worth space, as far as I am concerned, while I am sure there are some outside of the organization that may disagree. I think by a wide margin we have the best team in the business and its all about knowledge, expertise, and quite frankly, how they work as a team. So I think the value proposition that they bring to the marketplaces is second to none and I think that is quite frankly reflected in how the distribution and by extension customers are responding and engaging with them. So, lots of good momentum there and I think its really just a reflection of the people.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Alex Scott: Hey. Thanks for taking the follow up question. I just wanted to ask if you could comment at all on just the Russia-Ukraine conflict and if you have any exposure we should think about and if even if theres a small amount of yet any claims associated with it?
Rob Berkley: So we have to say limited would probably be overstating it dramatically, we are closer to none than limited. And during the quarter, I think, we had claims associated with that. Rich, correct me if I am wrong, but I think it was about $2.5 million.
Rich Baio: Yes. On a net basis. Thats right.
Rob Berkley: So, again, its a very concerning situation. Our hearts go out to those that are affected. But as far as the business and the exposure on the underwriting side or the investment side, its barely rounding is that.
Alex Scott: Thanks.
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Rob Berkley, I turn the call back over to you.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Emma, thank you very much. We appreciate your assistance to the call and also thank you very much to all those that dialed in. We appreciate your engagement too. I think, again, as I suggested earlier, the quarter clearly speaks for itself. I think that what is more exciting and hopefully appreciated by those that are observing the business is not just performing well today, but everything is sort of lined up planets and stars for us to have a very, very attractive 2022, likely 2023 and ever more increasingly likely 2024 as well. So, thanks for dialing in and we will talk to you in 90 days or so. Take care. Good night.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, except or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Josh, thank you very much, and good afternoon all. And I would echo Josh's comment welcome to our fourth quarter call. Joining me or co-hosting with me is also Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our Group CFO. We are going to follow a similar agenda to what we have done in the past. I'm going to hand it over to Rich in short order. He is going to walk us through some of the highlights from the quarter and the year, and then he'll hand it back to me. I'll offer a couple of quick thoughts, and then we will quickly move on to the Q&A session. But before I do hand it over to Rich, I did want to make a couple of very quick comments. I guess number one is, I think anyone who has had an opportunity to have a look at the release, you would have recognized that it was a great year, and it was a great way to finish off with a strong quarter. This doesn't happen on its own. And I just wanted to take again a moment to both thank and congratulate my colleagues. This is very much a team sport, so the appreciation goes to everyone throughout the organization. Let me pivot also to a couple of macro observations. We can obviously get consumed by the results of the past 90 days or the results for the year. But we also spent a good deal of time thinking about what the business is going to be doing going forward, how we are positioned for the environment that we see coming our way. And quite frankly, we are very encouraged on multiple fronts. If we start by examining the underwriting side of the business, the growth that you saw throughout the year, including the fourth quarter remains very robust. It's coming through in both exposure as well as rates, and we really do not see that losing momentum. And Rich and I will be talking a little bit more about that later on. But again, as we see it, the growth will continue and the rate increases. There is nothing that leads us to believe that we will not continue to be able to get rate increases that outpaced trend by something that would be measured in the hundreds of basis points. So again, very promising on that front. Pivoting over to  for a moment to the investment side of the business. Again, we have, in my opinion, taken a very disciplined approach for an extended period of time in keeping not just the quality high, but the duration short. As we've discussed in the past, this has come at a price. But we think that we are going to be rewarded for that discipline going forward as you see interest rates moving up. You are going to see an opportunity for us to invest at higher rates, and you are going to see an opportunity for us to, under those circumstances, take the duration back out or extended. Both of these circumstances on the underwriting side and how we are poised there as well as how we are positioned on the investment side are going to have a very meaningful impact on the company's economic model. And as this unfolds, I think it's going to be quite consequential of what it's going to mean for the earnings power of the business. So let me pause there, and I will hand it over to Rich. And I'll be back once he is through with his comments with a few other observations. And then we will, again, as promised, move it over to Q&A. Rich?
Richard Baio: Thank you, Rob. And obviously, I'll be focusing on the financial side here. So the company had another terrific quarter, as Rob had alluded to, with a number of areas reaching record level on a quarterly basis as well as on a full-year basis. Operating income increased 64% over the prior year's quarter to a record $284 million or $1.53 per share. On a full-year basis, operating income reached a record $952 million or $5.10 per share. The key contributors are related to record underwriting results for the quarter and full-year as well as strong net investment income. The positive momentum in the business continued throughout the year with growth in quarterly gross premiums written of 24.5% to almost $2.8 billion, bringing us to a record $10.7 billion for the full-year. Similarly, net premiums written grew 26.6% quarter-over-quarter to about $2.3 billion and record full-year of approximately $8.9 billion. On Page 7, of the earnings release, you will see net premiums written by line of business for the comparable periods. All lines of business grew in the Insurance segment, including workers' compensation, albeit from increasing payrolls. The total for this segment amounted to $2 billion with a growth of 25.8% over the prior year. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment also grew in all lines of business, totaling $273 million and growing 33% for the quarter. The growth in exposure and compounding rate improvements in most lines of business will continue to earn through the income statement. In the three most recent consecutive quarters, total net premiums written had an average increase of almost 26%, which has contributed to the acceleration in net premiums earned of 17% for the full-year. Pre-tax quarterly underwriting income was a record $261 million, surpassing two other quarterly records this year. On a full-year basis, record pre-tax underwriting income of $845 million was more than twice the next closest year, which occurred in 2019. The company continued to demonstrate its management to cat exposed business and despite heightened cat activity, such losses did not materially impact our earnings. We reported cat losses of $49 million or 2.2 loss ratio points compared with $42 million or 2.3 loss ratio points in the prior year. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, improved 1 loss ratio point to 58.2%, primarily driven by rate improvements. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by approximately $1.3 million in the current quarter. That brings our reported loss ratio to 60.4%. The expense ratio continued to improve over the prior year, representing a benefit of 1.8 points to 27.8%. The growth in net premiums earned continues to be a major contributor to the improvement in our expense ratio as it outpaced expenses by 7.4% in the quarter. Our newer operating units continue to grow their portfolio, adding scale to the business and moving closer to a more normalized expense ratio. We continue to make investments in the business as evident by the three newly formed operating units and we look forward to their future prospects. We anticipate that our expense ratio for 2022 should be in the range of 28% to 29%. Closing out the underwriting performance, our current accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 86% for the quarter compared with 88.8% for the prior year quarter. Turning to investments. Net investment income was $165 million for the quarter. The alternative investment portfolio, primarily investment funds, provided strong results. Our core portfolio improved despite the low interest rate environment. On a full-year basis, our investment income of $672 million is only a few million dollars lower than our record reported in 2018. We continue to maintain a highly liquid portfolio with a duration of 2.4 years and maintained a high credit quality of AA-minus. Operating cash flows remained strong throughout the year with a record level of almost $2.2 billion for the full-year. Pre-tax net investment gains in the quarter was driven by increased unrealized gains in our equity portfolio, contributing to the full-year results of $107 million. The full-year realized gains included the sale of a private equity investment and real estate property sales. The effective tax rate was 17% in the current quarter, which largely benefited from a lower foreign effective tax rate and investments in tax-exempt securities and dividend-paying equity securities, along with closing certain examinations with tax authorities and truing up our prior year tax accrual. Stockholders' equity increased to almost $6.7 billion as of year-end after returning capital of $200 million in the quarter and $478 million for the full-year. The company repurchased 1.75 million shares throughout the year at an average price per share of $69.85. Book value per share before dividends and share repurchases increased 3% in the quarter and 12.5% on a full-year basis. The annualized return on beginning of year equity for the quarter was 18.7% and 16.2% for the full-year. With that, I'll conclude my remarks and turn it back to Rob.
Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. So just a couple of quick observations from me and as promised, we will move on to the Q&A. But clearly, the topline continues to be very healthy by any measurement. We like the balance that we see between rate versus exposure growth at one-third, two-third. I would tell you that, that's sort of what it all adds up to when we put all the pieces together. But we look at this at a very granular level. We are looking at it by line, by exposure, by territory. And again, we are trying to make sure that we have the right balance there. Long story short, really, essentially across the board, we have the  it's all about specialty business these days. And we have the right people, with the right expertise whether it's on the commercial line side, admitted or non-admitted, whether it's domestic or international or certainly would not want to leave out our colleagues on the high net worth side. We are firing on  on basically all cylinders. Also on the topline, Rich touched on this, I would just mention, we do have sensitivity to the workers' comp line. We think there still are opportunities there, but one needs to be very cautious. The growth that you see in that line, as Rich commented, is really being driven by payroll growth. Across the board, everywhere else, it's pretty much just really healthy growth as a result of the broader environment. The loss ratio, Rich covered this, I would just add my $0.02 to 60.4 or the 58.2, if you want to slip on the rose-colored glasses, that's fine. But I think one of the things that we work very hard at is making sure that we peel back a few layers and really understand what's going on in the business. So one of the things that I know we've talked about this in past calls that I wanted to flag for people. And that is the paid loss ratio. And the paid loss ratio for the year of 2021 was at 45.2%. And maybe to give you a couple of other data points, if you go back to 2017, that was a 56.9%; 2018 was 57.5%; 2019 was a 55.2%; 2020 was 51.9%. And then, of course, you can see the meaningful progress in 2021. And again, that was pretty stable quarter-to-quarter. The expenses, Rich touched on that. We still are getting some benefit, if you will, from the lack of travel as a result of COVID, though that is starting to pick up a bit. I would say really what's driving it more than anything else is the growth in the earned premium. And as the business continues to grow, we are going to see the benefits on multiple fronts, including the expense piece. So long story short, the underwriting is looking really good. And as I commented earlier, there's a lot of momentum. And as we look at January, and we are looking at submissions and where it looks like things are coming out. There is nothing that leads us to believe that the environment is not stable or perhaps improving, and we are very encouraged by that. We touched on already, and Rich offered a few comments on the investment portfolio, but I would just again flag for those that are interested, not to underestimate the leverage that exists in our economic model. We have, again, been very disciplined on many fronts, including the investment portfolio and the duration as rates move up and we take that duration out and the book yield moves up. I think one should not underestimate what that means for the earnings power of the business. And of course, that alongside with the underwriting margin and the health of that and the scale of the business overall, I think, bodes well for the foreseeable future. So I'm going to pause there. And let's pivot over to Q&A and talk about what you all would like to talk about. Josh, if you could please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Elyse. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good evening. My first question, just going back to the rate versus trend discussion. It seems like the rate increases in 2021 surpassed your expectations, but you guys were pretty conservative sticking with your design and loss ratio throughout the year. So as you go through the budget process for 2022, does that give you some room to bring down those design loss ratios more significantly when we think about the underlying loss ratio improvement you could see over the coming year?
Robert Berkley: Look, from our perspective, we think there are a lot of variables out there. Obviously, I think, we've talked on these calls in the past and we've talked offline, if you will, about our sensitivity around social inflation and then, of course, financial inflation. So do I think we are in a comfortable spot? Yes, generally speaking, I do. But do I think those trends continue to move up and one needs to be very careful not to take their eye off the ball without a doubt. So I think that we are paying close attention to it. We're comfortable with our margins today. If you do the math, arguably, we maybe being some might say cautious, others might say measured and thoughtful to the tune of a point plus or minus. Yes. But given the level of uncertainty and the leverage around those, we think it makes sense to be measured. But yes, we are comfortable with the rate that we have been achieving, and we look at it through the lens that trend continues to move up, and we have every intention of keeping up with it or more.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. And then my second question, on the corporate expenses, I think they're around $64 million in the quarter, which is pretty high relative to where they had been trending. Was there something one-off in that? And then could you just help us think about how to model that line going forward?
Robert Berkley: Rich, do you want to offer a thought on that, please?
Richard Baio: Of course. Elyse, the biggest contributor to that is on the compensation side, in particular, as it relates to the special dividend that we paid out in the fourth quarter. So for those folks that have received RSUs that are vested, they receive dividend equivalent and that winds up going through compensation expense as opposed to through a reduction in equity.
Elyse Greenspan: So we could see this trending back down, I guess, in the first quarter?
Richard Baio: Yes.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Richard Baio: Yes. You're welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good evening.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good evening. Maybe we can touch on the paid loss ratio, I don't think that you talked about earlier, I think it's not just Berkley. Although maybe Berkley's paid loss ratios are down more so than others, and will be able to unpack that when others report. But it feels like a lot of peers have also been showing lower paid loss ratios. Maybe you can kind of unpack what's driving that? I know we've talked in the past about kind of some core closures, but is there also kind of business mix shift that's driving your paid loss ratios lower? Or is it just simply a lack of losses coming through the pipes and some conservatism?
Robert Berkley: Well, I think what it really is, is just the impact on higher rates and other underwriting activities that we have taken over the past years, and it's coming through. And we're seeing the benefit of again, higher earned premium or more premium per unit of exposure as well as underwriting actions that we've taken that are leading to better outcomes. And certainly  go ahead, I'm sorry.
Michael Zaremski: No. I guess that's what I meant by conservatism. Is that what you mean? Is that giving you kind of the confidence in your answer to Elyse's question about maybe you're being a little bit more cautious to the tune of a point or so? Is the paid loss
Robert Berkley: I think we're being measured. I think we acknowledged the fact that social inflation is real. I think we acknowledge the fact that financial inflation is here. And we are in the business of selling our products oftentimes years before we actually write the check or the product is  the cost of the product is fully known. So we are being, I think, thoughtful about it is how I would characterize it.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. Maybe touching on social inflation. Do you at Berkley kind of bifurcate between frequencies and severities? I guess, some participants in the industry have said that the frequencies haven't been as high as expected, but severities continue to come in harder, which is leading them to being
Robert Berkley: Yes. Absolutely, we're looking at both frequency and severity. And quite frankly, we look at it at other dimensions, if you will, of the situation as well. I would tell you that there is no doubt that severity continues to pick up at a notable rate. As far as frequency goes I think that the industry needs to be very careful that they do not lose sight of what the consequences were of COVID and how that created a pinch point in the legal system. And that could lead one to believe that frequency dropped and perhaps it did, but one needs to understand that was likely a temporary phenomenon as opposed to something that's more permanent.
Michael Zaremski: That's helpful. Lastly, based on your commentary, it sounds like still plenty of momentum on the topline yet the guidance is for kind of expense ratio, I know. Elyse rightly pointed out that there were some higher corporate expenses, but expense ratios still to kind of probably not improved further and improved a lot. So is there also some potential conservatism in the expense ratio as the market conditions?
Robert Berkley: Well, there are a couple of pieces there. First off, I think you need to understand that as Rich pointed out, the expense ratio was impacted by special dividends. And as you may recall or be aware, a component of compensation for senior officers is restricted stock that gets deferred. And as a result of that, the dividends, as Rich said, we expense those. So the one-time special dividend. In addition to that, there is certain  there are other aspects of deferred comp like our long-term incentive plan that is driven off of the return of the company. So obviously, as the performance of the company improves, there is more expense associated with remuneration. That all having been said, from my perspective, as I suggested, I think  and we've talked about in the past, there's probably 30 basis points to 50 basis points of positive impact as a result of people not traveling as much as they do in normal times. We certainly see the earned premium will continue to grow, and we have a variety of other moving pieces. I think we should also mention that we have some new businesses as we referenced in the release, and Rich touched on that. Obviously, when they are brand new, they don't have a lot of earned premium, they have expense. So long story short, we talked about it. And Rich being the good, measured CPA that he is, came up with the 28 to 29. Do I think that there's a chance that we can do better than that? Yes, I think there is.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Ryan. Good evening.
Ryan Tunis: Good evening. How are you?
Robert Berkley: Good.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, just, I guess, digging a little bit more on the expenses. One thing I'm a little bit curious about is what  so we're in a hard market, I mean, how much  if we're going to take a look inside the organization, what does investment look like over the past year or so? Have you guys like hired at a  is headcount up a time? Or are you in a lot of ways kind of doing all this on the chassis that you had built coming into this in 2020?
Robert Berkley: So it's a little bit of both. Certainly, are we always looking for talent? Without a doubt. And are we certainly constantly  and this moment, there's no exception making what I would define as meaningful investments and particularly data and technology? Yes, we absolutely are. That having been said, as we also discussed in the past, a lot of the growth in the business over the past couple of years, much of it has come from rate. So as we are charging more for a widget, and it's the same work as before, there's meaningful leverage in that. In addition to that, we have many businesses that had not fully scaled. To their credit, they maintained the level of underwriting discipline and when market conditions weren't there, they did not lean into the marketplace. But now that there are a meaningful number of pockets within the industry or the broader market, quite frankly, ex-comp, that is providing more attractive market conditions, those businesses are scaling, and we're seeing the expense ratios as the scale dropped. So we're seeing growth across the board. And it's not that we're not investing in the business, both in people and technology. We are, and we're doing that heavily. At the same time, there's a lot of leverage in the model.
Ryan Tunis: Yes. It's good to see that operating leverage. And then I guess from others, we've heard that comp pricing has softened maybe a bit this quarter. You've been cautious in the past I think on severity and now we're seeing a little bit of inflation. Just any updates to kind of what you're seeing from a loss trend standpoint on the comp side, Rob? Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Yes. And look, I think that we have, as you pointed out, been watching the comp line very closely for some period of time now. The action that state-rating bureaus have been taking for what would be measured in years, I think, has been pretty heavy handed. I think there are some people that may have lost sight of the, if you will, one-time benefit around comp claims activity that occurred during COVID perhaps. And we don't think that people are paying an appropriate level of attention to severity trend. And if that's not enough, not only are we seeing some folks being very aggressive on the pricing in addition to that to add insult to injury, we're seeing people starting to lean into it through commissions where they're raising commissions on the product line, both regional players as well as national carriers. So we're watching very carefully. We continue to like the line of business. But like in all of our activities, we like the exposures at rates that we think make sense.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Scott with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Alexander Scott: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking the question.
Robert Berkley: Hi. Good evening, Alex.
Alexander Scott: First one I had is maybe just a follow-up on workers' comp. I'd just be interested in any commentary you could provide on sort of where we're at with the exposure recovery from payrolls and workers' comp. My understanding is, it's somewhat lagged. But I mean, are we most of the way through that at this point? Or do you still have quarters a head?
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that a lot of it depends on the health and robustness of the economy and how we see payroll is expanding. So I mean, that's what's really driving it and certainly driving our growth as Rich had touched on and I echoed. So it's really all about the workforce and how employers are bringing people back based on the needs that they see to meet their customers' needs.
Alexander Scott: Got it. And then my follow-up question is, I guess, just in terms of the admitted specialty lines, it seems like that's a pretty nice opportunity for you all. And we hear a fair amount about the E&S market and the volume growth that's being seen there. But could you help us think through some of the admitted specialty lines that you're growing in? And how the outlook for that is looking in 2022?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Look, obviously, we are a very meaningful player in the E&S space as well as the admitted specialty space and the growth that we are experiencing on the non-admitted side is again, quite robust, but our admitted specialty business is running right alongside of it at a similar clip. As far as the particular products or types of exposure on the admitted specialty side that we see the best opportunities in, with all due respect, that's just not the detail that we typically get into.
Alexander Scott: Understood. Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Thank you for the questions. Josh, are there any other questions?
Operator: Yes. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you. Good evening, Mark.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good evening. Just a few that haven't been hit on already. Could you provide, within your catastrophe total, what portion of that might have been COVID as compared to just regular natural catastrophe losses?
Robert Berkley: $12 million, I believe, Rich, right?
Richard Baio: That's correct. And it's 0.6 loss ratio points of the 2.2 that we have.
Robert Berkley: Our sense is that that's I wouldn't  I don't want to say anything that I'll live to regret, but I think that's pretty well digested at this stage. There could be a little bit, but likely not much more.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. I appreciate that. The second question, I know this isn't a very big line item, but the revenues from your non-insurance businesses increased pretty substantially. I was curious whether that was just something seasonal, the earnings did as well. Was that just something seasonal? Or did you acquire something additional in that segment?
Robert Berkley: No. Generally speaking, it's a wholly owned entity that are part of our investment portfolio, and they're just  they're doing very well. And as the economy has been opening back up, they're benefiting from that. And in addition to that, they're just very well-run businesses.
Mark Dwelle: Small item. They did have a couple, $0.02 or $0.03 a share compared to normal. So good news on that. The last question that I had  go ahead.
Robert Berkley: Go ahead. I'm sorry, Mark, excuse me.
Mark Dwelle: Anyway, the last question that I had, setting aside for a moment, social inflation, which other people have asked about, where are you really impacted by ordinary financial inflation cost of goods, wages, et cetera? Wages obviously on workers' comp, but I would think that you're not actually terribly exposed to most forms of financial inflation.
Robert Berkley: Well, certainly, as the cost of things go up, we have that, particularly on some of the shorter tail lines. And on the liability front, damages, quite frankly, can be impacted by that as well as to how the legal system calculates damages.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. That was helpful.
Robert Berkley: I think the last thing, Mark, is that obviously, it impacts, again, when people are thinking about damages, just their state of mind.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. I would agree. I guess, my mind would put that as to being more ultimately kind of a social inflation, but I do understand where you're coming from on that. Okay, those are all my questions. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hey, Brian. Good evening.
Brian Meredith: So a couple of ones here for you. So Rob, a large admitted carrier had some pretty good growth this quarter and talked about kind of an optimistic outlook for growth. Are you seeing any impact yet from standard carriers trying to kind of creep back in and take some of that E&S business?
Robert Berkley: Not yet. I mean, honestly, the submission flow is pretty overwhelming at this stage to tell you the truth. And again, I don't have all the data at this stage, but there is nothing that we saw in the fourth quarter that led us to believe that it's not healthy, to say the least. And even more recently, January seems particularly strong. So I can't opine on what other people are seeing, but I can tell you that we are not seeing the opportunity erode at this time in any way, shape or form. And quite frankly, it's basically across the board.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then second question, Rob. There's been a lot of talk at the 1/1 renewals that you saw ceding commissions on casualty reinsurance up a couple hundred basis points. I'm wondering if you could just talk about how  what impact that could potentially have on you, on your obviously, insurance business because you do buy some reinsurance? And then on the other side, any impact on your Reinsurance business?
Robert Berkley: Well, as you point out, and thanks for raising it. On the reinsurance side, you would have seen the growth in that segment of our business. And as we find the rate environment attractive, we're very happy to increase our participation. On the insurance side, where we are a cedent, certainly, we are aware of the market conditions and the cost of capacity. And we are a meaningful buyer of reinsurance. But something to please keep in mind, we are, by and large, a small account writer. So we are not as compelled to buy reinsurance as many of our peers. I think, as we have shared with people in the past, approximately 90% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So we are not as captive to the reinsurance market as others. We're very happy to partner with some people throughout the cycle, but we have the flexibility for those that are looking to take full advantage, some might even suggest gauge to be a buyer when it makes sense. So that's how we think about it. In addition to that, we created vehicles, one internally called Lifson Re that we've talked about in the past that obviously also gives us some flexibility around how we buy reinsurance.
Brian Meredith: Got it. Thanks. And then just last question here and just maybe some clarification and making sure I understand it. So as we look at the first quarter coming up here, it's my understanding that, that's when you and a lot of other casualty companies set your loss picks kind of for the year-end casualty. Is that correct? And that's kind of when we should kind of expect to see the kind of do the math to really have an effect?
Robert Berkley: Look, we look at our loss picks on a regular basis because we're not the kind of organization that is so fixated on this magic date. That's the only time we move our picks. We look at the information, we look at the data regularly at a macro level, at a micro level and try and make sure that what we're doing makes good sense. So we certainly have our picks in place for the 2022 year, and it's based on lot of knowledge and expertise from colleagues. That having been said, we are constantly looking at the front windshield for a new information that might lead us to want to refine our view.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. Appreciate it Rob.
Robert Berkley: Thank you for the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Michael. Good evening.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Hey, good evening. Thanks. I actually was dropped for a while, so I apologize. I'll ask one at the risk of not repeating anybody else [indiscernible]. And it's on your professional liability book, like otherwise growing quite substantially, but that's the line we hear some concerns about with some other carriers. And so could you just remind us how your book there is different and why those concerns maybe wouldn't apply to you? And I guess it could be some of your prior answers with the size of accounts and limits and everything else. But that line comes up a lot with concerns. So maybe just kind of speak to how your book is different there? Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Well, thanks for the question. And quite honestly, it's a complicated one for a variety of reasons, but probably most importantly, professional liability is, as you can appreciate, a very broad space. So there are pockets within professional liability that we find exceptionally attractive. And there are pockets of the professional liability space where we are clearly as a result of our underwriting discipline, watching business move away from us. So look, when the day is all done, there are parts of the business that we find attractive, and we think that this is a great opportunity to grow. I don't know exactly what  when you talk about other people and how they're thinking about professional liability. I don't know how their book is put together. But I would tell you that we feel very comfortable with what our colleagues are doing in this space, and we have a great deal of confidence in their skills.
Michael Phillips: Okay, Rob. Thank you. Again, that's all I had. Congrats on the quarter. Appreciate it. 
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Meyer. Good evening.
Meyer Shields: Hi. How are you, Rob?
Robert Berkley: Great. Thanks. How are you?
Meyer Shields: I'm good. Thanks. I wanted to dig into one comment you made. I just want to make sure I understand it. You talked about being cautious in workers' compensation at this point in time. And I'm wondering, is there a difference in underwriting when you're looking to avoid what would be sort of an external problem? If medical inflation broadly gets worse or the impact of wages going up, is that a different underwriting process than when you just identifying the better performing risk in a more stable environment?
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that they both get factored into the analysis by our colleagues. Ultimately, our colleagues look at all the information, both historical as well as what they see out on the horizon and they try and put it all together to come up with a view as to what loss costs are going to be. And some of the things that you referenced, obviously, get factored into that. And I think we've mentioned on earlier calls, and I believe we've touched on this evening is that the severity trend is one that we have and continue to have our eye very focused on. And clearly, the frequency trend continues to be a friend for the industry, but that severity trend is not one that should be in our opinion ignored.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. That's all I had. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Yes. Sorry, I just want to follow-up on  Hi, again. I want to follow-up on Brian Meredith's question. And you said that your 2022 loss picks are in place. How do those compare to the [58.2]. Did you use those this quarter when you reported a 58.2? Or is that something into next year?
Robert Berkley: The numbers that Rich walked you through and the numbers that you saw in the release were how we thought about the losses for the business during the fourth quarter, if you will, of 2021.
Ryan Tunis: So we shouldn't use the 58.2 to think about what your loss picks might be for next year?
Robert Berkley: I'm not telling you what loss pick to use. I'm pretty sure I'm not allowed to do that. What I am suggesting to you is that you should go to a  you should look at the data, and you should look at our loss ratios, and you should extrapolate based on your view around trend and rate, and that should lead you presumably to an answer.
Ryan Tunis: Great. Well, we'll stay tuned. Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Rob Berkley for any closing remarks.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you all very much for your participation. And again, I would just like to thank and congratulate all of my colleagues for the tremendous effort that led to these results and certainly very optimistic for all the reasons that we discussed earlier on what next year looks like. But before we say good night, let me hand it over to our Chairman.
William Berkley: Good evening, everyone. It was a really terrific quarter and a great year. The results, as Rob pointed out, come about because of everyone's effort. But everyone's effort is a reflection of our starting point, which is risk-adjusted return. And in this business that means looking at lots of things that you don't really know the answer to for a while. So you make judgments, you anticipate where things are going and what things are happening. Some of the most important judgments are inflation, both social and financial. It has to do with what you think are going to happen with the interest rates and all of the myriad of things that impact the business. We have a much more tightly controlled company today than we did 10 years ago, but we have to because it's a more complex company. But we run our business in the same manner, we're nimble. We constantly are adjusting for changes we see in the future. And while we're optimistic, we're not naive. Everything we see leads us to believe that certainly, 2022 will be an excellent year. Looking beyond that, difficult, but the signs are positive and the team is prepared. So we thank all of you for your support, and we continue to be optimistic as to what we see in the future and how are experienced, but nimble team will be able to deliver outstanding results.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you all very much, and we will speak with you in about 90 days. Have a good night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to W.R. Berkleys -- Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, except or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkeley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Emma, thank you very much, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining for our third quarter call. So in addition to me on this end of the phone, you also have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chair; as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We are going to follow our typical agenda where in a couple of moments, I am going to hand it over to Rich. He is going to walk us through the highlights from the quarter. I will follow him with a couple of brief sound bites or reflections and then in pretty short order, we will open it up for Q&A and happy to take the conversation in any direction where people would like to. But before I hand the mic to Rich, I did want to flag with folks, one sort of macro observation. We were chatting internally earlier and how it seems like the quarterly calls oftentimes turn into an every 90-day session talking about certain numbers, which oftentimes go out a certain number of basis points. And while those discussions are worthwhile and productive from our perspective, its also important that people not lose sight of the macro and it is something that we spend a lot of time every day thinking about and that is what is the goal of the exercise what we are trying to do, and clearly, one of the cornerstone goals is building book value. Building book value is an important thing for a whole host of reasons, including building book value allows the organization to live up or meet the needs of the various stakeholders. When we think about building book value, we approach it with an idea that we will refer to as risk adjusted return that many of you have heard us talk about in the past. We take this approach and apply it to both our investing, as well as our underwriting activities. And while you probably hear more companies do not in their own words talk about these concepts. I think one of the different -- differentiating, excuse me, ways that we approach this idea is how we think about volatility as a component of risk. And again, this is something that weve discussed in the past, but I think its particularly timely, particularly relevant, when we have a quarter for the industry, for society, like we saw in Q3. This idea of volatility as a component of risk adjusted return, we certainly grapple with both the investing and underwriting side of the business. You can see it on the investment side, for example, and how we have thought about duration and how we have been willing to keep our duration short and even though that comes at a cost, we do not think the risk adjusted return is there to justify going out on the curve and extending that duration. We do not believe you get paid enough for that potential risk. In addition to that, again, as it once again crystallized, in the third quarter, when we think about underwriting activities and we think about volatility as a component of risk. Clearly, the industry is feeling the challenges that come along with cat activity. From our perspective, cat activity is there on a regular basis and why people choose to back it out on a regular basis doesnt make a whole lot of sense to us. Our view is that volatility is real. It is a real component of risk. When we think about running the business, it is of great priority to us and how we think about deploying capital. So I am going to pause there, but before I do, I guess, one last comment. I know that there are a lot of people that will look at our numbers and Rich will walk you through it and you will do the math, and you will come up with an ex-cat accident year loss ratio and what does that mean, it is on a combined ratio and that will probably get you to approximately an 86.9%. But from our perspective, if one chooses to slip off the rose colored glasses for a moment, we generated a 90.4%. That is reality from our perspective. But in spite of the cat and the impact, we did achieve a very healthy underwriting result, and in the process, we achieved a 16.6% return on equity. Ultimately, when one thinks about building book value, you cant just think about the steps forward that you take, you need to think about how you avoid the steps backwards. And when you think about compounding book value over an extended period of time, when you think about value creation for shareholders, amongst other stakeholders, not taking those steps backwards, is a big part of the puzzle. So, with that, Rich, I will hand it over to you if you would please walk us through.
Rich Baio: Terrific, Rob. Thanks very much, and good afternoon, everyone. Operating income increased by more than 100% to $247 million or $1.32 per share, which is compared with $121 million or $0.65 per share. The increase is primarily attributable to strong underwriting results, net investment income and foreign currency gains. The company built upon the strong first half of the year, with continued growth in premium and expansion and underwriting profits. From a production perspective, gross premiums written grew by $525 million or 23.2% to a record of almost $2.8 billion. Net premiums written grew by $446 million or 23.7% to another record of more than $2.3 billion. The session rate was fairly consistent at 16.6% in the current quarter. Breaking down the results further, the Insurance segment grew net premiums written by 23.3% to more than $2 billion, reflecting increases in all lines of business. Professional liability led this growth with 58.7%, followed by commercial auto of 28.1%, other liability of 25.3%, short-tail lines of 8.6% and workers compensation of 7.7%. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment grew 26.7% to $318 million, with an increase in Casualty Reinsurance of 36% and Monoline Excess of 27.4%, partially offset by a small decline in Property Reinsurance of 1.4%. The increase in net premiums written on a year-to-date basis was more than 20%, resulting from growth and exposure and compounding rate improvements that will continue to earn through in the coming quarters. This was evident by the increase in net premiums earned of 19% in the current quarter. Included in the quarter were current accident year catastrophe losses of $74 million or 3.5 loss ratio points, compared with $73 million or 4.2 loss ratio points in the prior year. As a result, quarterly underwriting profits increased 80% to $200 million, slightly off the record quarterly underwriting results in the second quarter of this year. The reported loss ratio improved 1.3 loss ratio points to 62.4% from the prior year, primarily driven by rate improvement in business mix, prior year loss reserves developed favorably by approximately $1.5 million in the current quarter. Expense ratio improved 2 points to 28% in large part due to the growth in net premiums earned, which is outpacing underwriting expenses by approximately 7.5%. This improvement is evident from an operating cost, as well as acquisition cost perspective. We continue to highlight the partial benefit from reduced travel and entertainment, which is slowly coming back. Closing out the underwriting performance, our current accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes was 86.9% for the quarter, compared with 89.8% for the prior year quarter. Turning to investments. Net investment income increased 26.1% to $180 million, driven by strong results in investment funds. The significant contribution in investment funds represents three consecutive quarters of outperformance and we feel its important to highlight that the investment fund results are not necessarily representative of future earnings. Despite the ongoing growth in invested assets, the six maturity portfolio represents 69% of the total invested assets and the associated investment income declined quarter-over-quarter due to the persistent low interest rate environment. Strong operating cash flows of more than $825 million in the quarter contributed to the increased cash and cash equivalents as of September 30th. This resulted in a slightly shorter duration of 2.3 years in the current quarter, compared with 2.4 years in the second quarter. The credit quality of the fixed maturity portfolio remains high at AA-. Pre-tax net investment gains in the quarter of $20 million is primarily comprised of realized gains on investments of $36 million, partially offset by a reduction in unrealized gains on equity securities of $19 million. The realized gains was largely driven by the sale of real estate properties in the Southeast. The effective tax rate was 19.6% in the quarter, which largely benefited from equity-based compensation that predominantly vests in August of each year. Overall, strong performance resulted in annualized return on beginning of year equity of 16.6%, as Rob alluded to. Stockholders equity increased by $70 million to approximately $6.6 billion in the quarter after regular dividends of $23 million and share repurchases of $93 million. The company repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares at an average price of $72.03 per share in the quarter. Book value per share increased 1.5% in the quarter, and book value per share before dividends and share repurchases increased two and a half percent. And with that, I will turn it back to Rob.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Very clear. Very helpful. So a couple of quick thoughts from me just following on Richs comments. Well, for starters, by virtually any measure a pretty attractive and healthy quarter, topline, bottomline and pretty much everything in between the two bookends. As far as the topline goes, obviously, the growth just shy of the 24%. Rich and I were doing a little bit of math together earlier. When you think about that growth sort of just shy of 40% of the growth is coming from rate, about 59% is coming in some form of exposure whether its new policies or auto premiums or whatever and then there is a de minimis amount coming from some other stuff. Its just a good moment for the P&C space quite frankly ex most of the workers comp market, which continues to feel a bit of a growing headwind. Obviously, property felt some pain in the quarter, but just general market conditions are reasonably attractive and we dont see that trend changing. More specifically, it is a good moment for specialty writers, particularly Casualty-related specialty writers and even more so the E&S market. We continue to see a growing flow of opportunities both in specialty and even more so in the E&S and there is nothing that leads us to believe that that tide is going to reverse anytime soon. So thats definitely encouraging. On the loss side, we are trying to be thoughtful and measured as weve discussed in the past. Clearly, there is inflation out there. We spent years talking about social inflation. Its still there from our -- at least through our lens and in addition to that, the realities of financial inflation clearly are having an impact on loss costs, and those are two very leveraged assumptions. So while -- when we look at our book, we believe the rate increases that we are getting in virtually all P&C lines with the exception of workers comp are outpacing trend, we are paying close attention to trend and as suggested a moment or two ago trying to be very thoughtful and measured around that. On the expense side, Rich pretty much covered it. I would just sort of take a half of pace back for those that have followed the company for some period of time. This is an organization where we have not made many acquisitions. We have been much more of a subscriber to the de novo model. We have started 47 of the 54 operating units from scratch. Some of those businesses have not gotten to critical mass and -- but they are on their way to getting to critical mass and a tailwind as far as market conditions is allowing that to happen. So when you look at the leverage that we are getting on the expense ratio as that earned premium continues to build, a lot of that is, yes, market conditions, which is allowing some of our more mature businesses to scale, but its also some of our smaller operations that are now seeing the window of opportunity to put more meat on the bones. Not much to add on the investment portfolio, obviously, the duration as I had referenced and Rich covered is sitting there at 2.3, book yield is about 2.3. It comes at a cost to have that discipline and to have that optionality going forward. From our perspective, inflation is here. Its real and there is likely for it to be around for some period of time. I think I am going to pause there and I will save a couple of comments for the tail end. But actually before I do this, since most people after the Q&A just hang up, I will just again make the comment that when we not just look at our results, but when we look at the front windshield, there is really nothing that we see in front of us that is going to derail the momentum that we are enjoying today. Its a cyclical business. This will not go on forever. But for the moment the momentum continues. So Emma, why dont I finally stop there and lets see what the participants would like to talk about.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Elyse. Good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon as well. My first question on the rate and pricing side, your level of rate increases when we exclude workers comp, it did go up a little bit in the quarter, I am assuming maybe that was to some kind of business mix between the Q2 and the Q3, but anything changing on what you are seeing on the pricing environment and any business lines in the quarter?
Rob Berkley: I think it, well, obviously, mix is always a bit of a component. I would tell you it has more to do with what the market will bear. And we are continuing to try and make sure that as we price our product that it is appropriately priced for our needs, and quite frankly, there was just more opportunity to push the rates.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thats helpful. And then on the expense ratio side, so two questions, one on, you mentioned that the COVID benefit is diminishing. If you could just give us a sense of what it was in the quarter? And then the second question, I mean, you pointed to the leverage from the growing premium, the expense ratio continues to tend down, its pretty good leverage there every quarter. So can you just help us think about kind of a run rate basis given that strong like 28% in the quarter?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. So I think as weve commented in the past, the benefit if you will from COVID on the expense ratio is probably worth somewhere between 40 basis points and 50 basis points. Things are starting to open back up, people are starting to travel and 40 basis points or 50 basis points that we saw early this year and last year is probably now down to, I dont know, call it 30 basis points or so, and that will probably over time reduce from here. But the earned premium continues to grow. So what do we think the expense ratio is going to be going forward, will we be able to sustain a 28%? Look, its a cyclical business and we continue to try and operate and maximize the opportunity thats in front of us. At the same time, at some point, the wind will shift direction and being the disciplined underwriting operation that we are that our topline may at some point start to shrink and the expense ratio will go the other way. So do I think that you should -- I am not going to tell you what number to pencil in, but I would tell you that if you look at our written premium, you should be able to extrapolate where our earned premium is going and that should give you a good sense as to how you might want to think about expenses.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good afternoon.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Good afternoon, Rob. I guess just going back to the expense ratio, it kind of feels like not too long ago it was in the low 30s and so its been improved a lot. I guess, sometimes investors will say, they feel like they want to discount the expense ratio benefit, because of the cyclicality of the business? But I think you also kind of spoke to a lot of kind of structural elements that could kind of permanently help the expense ratio. So like it -- maybe if possible like 100,000 foot level, if we ever did go back into kind of a softer market, would you kind of expect a lot of give back or how much is this is kind of run ratable beyond just thinking about a year or so from now given market conditions are excellent?
Rob Berkley: Nobody knows for sure exactly how its going to pan out, but I think we have a lot of headroom between where we are now and going above 30. So from my perspective, we are going to continue to try and be diligent around efficiencies and costs, but I dont think anyone has an expectation that the group is going to go back to the range that you had referenced from expense ratio perspective.
Mike Zaremski: Thats helpful. Maybe switching gears...
Rob Berkley: Hey. Mike, just in addition to that
Mike Zaremski: Okay.
Rob Berkley:  I do find it interesting, and quite frankly, a little bit bizarre that people discounts expense ratio. Because quite frankly that is real, that is tangible. Loss ratios, we know that reality over time. But the idea that an expense ratio doesnt count that this strikes me as a little bit odd. So I dont know, whoever is suggesting that, you could tell him I respectfully disagree. I suspect those people probably back out cats to them.
Mike Zaremski: Yeah. Appreciate it. And clearly the expense leverage has created a lot of shareholder value. Maybe moving gears to loss expense inflation, I know theres a lot of different business lines. But maybe you could paint up a broad brush, if we think kind of on the Casualty side, we continue to hear that theres kind of a law in the court system and we are hearing -- seeing data points about less lawsuits and even some of the settlements are not being as large as thought? But maybe thats -- those are anecdotes. So any changes, anything you are seeing thats changing your view on loss trend on the casualty side?
Rob Berkley: I think that one needs to be very mindful around how they think about loss trend. I think its a pretty foggy picture at this moment in time between the inflationary environment, we are in both social and financial, and then, of course, you have the COVID situation that muddies the water as you referred to. How much of the reduction in frequency is real versus just a delay, how much of it is permanent and will be a reality? Prospectively, I dont think anyone knows for sure. I think that there is some people that may be susceptible to possibly declaring victory prematurely and I dont think we know for sure how much is still hanging out there. And we as an organization are trying to be very thoughtful about it. If things -- if we are fortunate, it will approve to be that we were cautious. If it proves that no, there was just a pinch point and there is still a big surge of claims activity to come, we will be prepared.
Mike Zaremski: And maybe as a quick follow up, any thoughts on the property side, it feels like this is yet another year of slightly higher or maybe not slightly for certain companies than expected, property losses are the -- as the tone change in the marketplace, are the models, the risk files, which probably think they are inherently wrong and they -- but they -- are they kind of tweaking up the risk style I think? Thank you.
Rob Berkley: I think I would assume the most market participants are looking at their loss costs particularly around property and should be actively thinking about back to the comments earlier in the call, their risk adjusted return. And while its very easy to do the math and to back the cat out, I think when all of a sudden you start to really reflect on one of your points a moment ago, the frequency of cat activity, not so clear that one should be backing them out. And when they think about how they price their business, what is an appropriate rate, I think they need to think about this frequency observation that you are referencing. I think its a really important point that you raised.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Hey. How its going? First question, just following up, I guess, on what you just said, within short tail lines, Rob, would you anticipate, I guess, lowering your exposure to cat exposed lines over the next 12 months or so? Is that your expectation even less cat risk?
Rob Berkley: No. Not necessarily. I think as in a clumsy way I tried to allude to earlier in the call. We are all about risk adjusted return, and quite frankly, we dont have a problem with volatility, if we think you are getting paid appropriately for it. So if we see property rates moving up to a level that we think is appropriate, then you will see us prepare to significantly grow that line. Just as a data point or a point of reference, Ryan, you will remember, youve known us for some years. There was a time that we were shrinking the daylights out of our Reinsurance business in general, because the Reinsurance market just didnt make any sense to us. Now as you can see we are growing it considerably. So we are able to have a toe and a lot of tons with the idea that if the water temperature is right, we can put a lot more in the toe -- than a toe in the water. So, look, if property rates can erode from here, you will see us right less and less. If property rates improve dramatically from here, likely, you will see us take on more.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then follow up on capital management, this felt like the biggest buyback quarter weve seen in some time and I went back and looked at, it was the first half of 2020 when you guys were buying back stock in a material way. I mean can you just remind us what the thought process is on when you decide to manage capital more aggressively through share repurchase? What are your thinking in early 2020 and why it looks like, you said, it pick that back up this quarter?
Rob Berkley: But let me leave that to my boss to answer. I might have a comment at the end, but let me leave that to him.
Bill Berkley: Hi, Ryan. Ryan, I think, its really a function of looking at how much capital we are generating, how much we are going to use and we start to look at whats the value of the enterprise compared to what the stock is selling yet. So whereas two years before, 72 might not have seem like the right price, given our book value and our ROE. It changes how it looks given where our book value was and what our returns were based on how we looked at things. So its a constantly changing target and how much capital we are generating more than we need, and frankly, at the same time, we look at the relative price to stock as to what we think of it in terms of the value going forward. So, in this case, we thought the attractiveness of the stock price at a particular point in time with such and its a constantly changing judgment. And its -- we are trying always to manage that we have the right appropriate amount of capital and we adjust that by dividends and buybacks, and we do our best by making that assessment of the right use of capital. And unfortunately, it doesnt always show up the best in how people calculate the numbers, no different than starting companies dont frequently ended in the best reported results as opposed to buying them, but they end up with tangible book value as opposed to intangible. So for us its okay.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. Thats clear. Thanks, guys.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question, Ryan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thanks. Hey. Rob, how are you doing? I want to focus a little bit on the comp and the growth that you saw there. I guess the first question is that audit premiums coming through or is there kind of a change in your view of comp, because as I remember couple quarters ago, you were little concerned that as the economy opened up we may see a pop in frequency and that could be problematic for comp?
Rob Berkley: So the way that we are thinking about comp is the growth that you saw there is really just payroll growth, if you will, a combination of ways
Brian Meredith: Yeah.
Rob Berkley:  as well as people coming back to work. We still find the market generally speaking to be notably competitive. And I think the hope that the market was going -- the comp market was going to be firming by the end of this year or early next year is likely again through our lens getting pushed out a bit to, probably, by 12 months, just when we look at market conditions and try and grapple with where we are in the cycle.
Brian Meredith: And whats your view with respect to kind of loss trend in comp potentially? It doesnt seem like it is the frequency situation. But could it be a problem here?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. Weve been more concerned about the severity. I think the frequency is generally speaking been a friend of the industry. That having been said, clearly, frequency trend, the improvement that you saw as a result of COVID was thats dissipating because people are back to work. The severity trend has been a bit more of our concern and it remains a point of sensitivity and how we think about the product line.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then one other just quick one, cyber, are you much of a player in that market and what are your thoughts there?
Rob Berkley: We are a player. We are very fortunate to have some exceptionally skilled people in the space and we think that it is a line of business that is heavily dependent on expertise. And there are a lot of people that deem to want to play the game without the expertise and its possible that could end in tears. But that is not our approach, and again, we do write it, but we have great people who control it very tightly.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks and good evening.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Meyer. Good evening.
Meyer Shields: Rob, when you mentioned that workers compensation is becoming a growing headwind, if I have -- if I am quoting it correctly, were you talking about this pricing dynamic?
Rob Berkley: I think rates just can remain very competitive. That was I guess the overarching point and there is a moment in time. I think what Brian was referring to when we had thought that the market may shift direction later this year, early next year, and again, our thought is that that will happen, but its probably pushed out of the year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thats helpful. When you look across, I have noted here today that the most recent quarter, what are the things thats been relatively moderate, so far has been medical inflation? Can you talk about what you are seeing with regard to actual paid claims? Is there any sign of inflection in medical inflation itself?
Rob Berkley: I think that medical inflation is a challenging area. I think that there is maybe a, perhaps, among some of false sense of comfort, I think, one of the things that happened during COVID is that people in general, whether it would be related to comp or other health needs, people were reluctant to go into health-related or medical-related venues. And as a result of that, people were not getting the care. I think it is certainly possible you are going to see an uptick. So if you forget about the Insurance industry for a moment and you look at the parts of the healthcare industry, for example, the hospital industry, you will see that there are a huge surge in patients in hospitals and they are coming in worse condition than they were pre-COVID and a lot of that is not COVID-related directly per se. Its because people were not getting care or they were postponing the care and they are sicker. So I would suggest to you whether its comp or healthcare in general, you saw, I think, there is medical inflation. I think pharma prices continue to climb. I think costs in general continue to climb, but you need to separate out actually the cost of care versus the volume.
Meyer Shields: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next line -- question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah. Good evening.
Rob Berkley: Hey, Mark.
Mark Dwelle: My first question, are there any COVID charges embedded within the catastrophe number you have provided? That is a number that I would like to back out even if its classified as a catastrophe?
Rob Berkley: Well, Mark, we certainly are hoping that COVID is not an event that is recurring with the frequency that nat cats are. Rich, I cant remember, was it $6 million or $7 million?
Rich Baio: Yes. $6 million, Rob.
Rob Berkley: $6 million. So if -- was it there, yes. But in the scheme of 2-point something billion dollars of earned premium, its definitely tapering off.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Agreed. The second question that I had is, again just kind of a market perception question is, are we still continuing to see a significant amount of business flow from the standard or admitted markets toward the E&S market or has that begun to slowdown or neutralize at this point?
Rob Berkley: No. We are seeing it continue to accelerate. Its certainly more robust now than it was, without a doubt last year its more robust than it was in Q1, and like quite frankly, its notably more robust than it was in Q2. So we are seeing that continue to accelerate.
Mark Dwelle: Any particular lines or classes that are -- it seems more prevalent in or its across the gamut?
Rob Berkley: By and large, its across the gamut. I would tell you that maybe certain aspects ironically of property may have slowed a little bit, but the liability lines remain turbocharged.
Mark Dwelle: Thanks very much. Appreciate the color.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good evening.
Josh Shanker: Good evening or good afternoon. I was just curious to learn a little bit more about the Reinsurance & Monoline segment. The growth is very, very strong in the quarter and given that its some unusual items in there, maybe we can go in some detail about whats packed in there?
Rob Berkley: Really, its primarily a reflection of the liability lines and the strength that we are seeing and the opportunities there on the treaty side. And then we are also seeing some opportunity on the fact side, but they are both liability and property to a certain extent.
Josh Shanker: And can we extrapolate anything of looking back a quarter, looking forward a quarter, can you strengthen that it could be stronger going forward
Rob Berkley: I think actually
Josh Shanker: maybe like the
Rob Berkley: Look, I think, we are going to have to see how things shake out at 1/1 and that will be very instructive as to how we should think about the Reinsurance market going forward. Are we -- I think we had commented in Q2 that our treaty colleagues and applauding their discipline. There are a couple of treaties that they had decided to move away from and that came through in the numbers earlier in the year. Without a doubt, we will have to see how the Reinsurance market takes shape around 1/1. I think clearly on the property front, there was a bit of a wakeup call and I think there is probably some liability pain for the industry, particularly those that chose to grow in the -- but I would define as sort of 16 years through 18 years. They probably have a handful right now and are maybe going to be thinking about rate a little differently.
Josh Shanker: And the Reinsurance market is very 1/1 dependent, but your Reinsurance & Monoline segment doesnt seem to have that same kind of seasonality?
Rob Berkley: I am sorry, Josh. The -- could you just repeat it? The Reinsurance market has been very what? I beg your pardon.
Josh Shanker: 1/1 dependent. Its obviously
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I am sorry. Yes.
Josh Shanker: Yeah. But your Reinsurance & Monoline segment, it doesnt have the same time to seasonality. So I thought maybe you could give us little education on like fourth quarter, there is very low Reinsurance for the industry in the fourth quarter, are you guys tend to write good amount of it? So I was trying to figure out, I guess
Rob Berkley: 1/1 is
Josh Shanker: Monoline stuff?
Rob Berkley: 1/1 is obviously a big date for the industry in general and the Reinsurance market included. I think over the years that sort of gotten spread out a bit, but there continue to be certain dates that are big ex-dates. I would tell you that you got to remember that some of the growth comes through over time through bordereaus. So we have certain estimates, but the way it comes through is through bordereaus over time.
Josh Shanker: All right. Thanks very much for the clarifications.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question, Josh. Have a good evening.
Josh Shanker: You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Michael. Good evening.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Good morning. Good evening, Rob. One more on Reinsurance quickly, are there any notable changes to either what you are accepting or demanding on just kind of the terms and conditions of the Casualty Reinsurance book in terms of the contracts that you have maybe today versus say a year ago, I think, worth noting it.
Rob Berkley: I think my colleagues have been and continued to be very disciplined to their credit. I dont think that they are accepting anything today that they wouldnt have accepted yesterday or vice versa. I think what happened is that the market is moving toward the position that my colleagues and their underwriting discipline have taken. So, again, I think, they -- my colleagues are in the market every day in the manner that they think makes sense for the capital. The market moves away. The market moves toward them. As the market moves toward them, they are able to participate in a greater way and thats what you see happening. Just like that what you see happening with our Specialty and E&S businesses and I see happening with all of our businesses. We are in the market every day in the manner that we think makes sense. The market moves toward us. The market was away from us. And much of what we do, the market is moving toward us right now.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you. I guess just curious to hear how you think about, you said, its obviously cyclical business. Its not going to last forever. What do you look for in terms of things in advance to see for you to think that things might be turning at the time for you to start back in a way, what things do you look for there?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that, first off, I would tell you that, through our lens, we dont think that thats something we are going to need to be overly preoccupied with for some period of time given the strength of the tailwind. That having been said, there are a whole host of things that we are looking at that lead us to have a view around rate adequacy, in fact how we think about terms and conditions, of course, we are looking at submission flow, we are looking at hit ratios. So, honestly all of our businesses have a variety of different data points that they used to triangulate off of to form a view of market conditions.
Michael Phillips: Okay, Rob, thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you for the question. Have a good evening.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to the presenters.
Rob Berkley: Great. Emma, thank you very much. And for those that may actually still be on the call, I would just tell you that this is clearly one of those moments where the planets and the stars from much of what we do are lined up. This is a moment where our expertise and our discipline is clearly paying off and the success that we have had to-date and we will continue to have is really a reflection of more than 6,500 people all working together on behalf of our various stakeholders, in particular, our shareholders. So we are very grateful for their efforts. Thats about it for us. We will look forward to updating you in 90 days. Thank you for joining this evening.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, except or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2020, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate, and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkeley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Susanne, thank you very much, and good afternoon everyone and again welcome to our Q2 call. Along with me co-hosting, weve our Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley; as well as Rich Baio, Group CFO. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past where in a moment or two Im going to hand it over to Rich to walk us through the quarter and focus our attention on a few highlights. And once he is through, Im going to offer a few sound bites and then we will open up for Q&A. Rich, so if you please.
William R. Berkley: Great. Thanks, Rob, and good afternoon, everyone. The positive momentum continues to build in our business as evidenced by our growth in premium and expansion in underwriting profits as rate improvements and additional premium associated with increased exposure earned through the income statement. We reported a consecutive quarterly record underwriting profit in the second quarter of 2021 along with strong net investment income, resulting in an annualized return on beginning of year equity of 15%. The company reported net income of $237 million, or $1.27 per share. The components include operating income of $219 million, or $1.17 per share, and after tax net investment gains of $18 million, or $0.10 per share. Drilling down into our quarterly underwriting performance, you will note that gross premiums written grew by $529 million, or 24.8%, almost $2.7 billion. Net premiums written grew $472 million or 27.2% to more than $2.2 billion recognizing an increase in both segments. Our overall session rate decreased in the quarter due to changes in certain underlying outward reinsurance arrangements, lower reinstatement premium and business mix. Moving into segment production of net premiums written, the Insurance segment grew 29.2% almost $2 billion with an increase in all lines of business. Professional liability led this growth with 64.8% followed by commercial auto of 31%; other liability of 28.7%, short-tail lines of 21.2% and workers' compensation of 15.6%. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment grew about 11% to $218 million, with an increase in Monoline Excess of 20.9% and Casualty Reinsurance of 17.5%, partially offset by a decrease in property reinsurance of 13.8%. Underwriting income benefited from the compounding rate improvement above loss cost trends, along with growth and exposure and lower claims frequency in certain lines of business. We did experience an above average level of non-weather related property losses in the quarter that partially offset these benefits. In addition, our current accident year, catastrophe losses decreased significantly quarter-over-quarter from $146 million, or 8.7 loss ratio points in the prior year to $44 million, or 2.2 loss ratio points in the current quarter. As a result, quarterly underwriting income increased to almost 800% to a record $202 million. The reported loss ratio was 61% in the current quarter, compared with 67.7% in 2020. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by about a $0.5 million in the current quarter. Accordingly, our current accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes was 58.8% compared with 59.2% for the prior year's quarter. The continued growth in net premiums earned has benefited the expense ratio, which was 28.7% in the current quarter, compared with 31% a year-ago. Net premiums earned outpaced underwriting expenses by a margin of more than 8.5%. We also continue to benefit from reduced costs associated with travel and entertainment, but do anticipate some of this will be given back as economy more fully reopens. Wrapping up the full picture, on the underwriting side, our current accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes was 87.5% for the quarter, compared with 90.2% for the prior year quarter. On the investment front, net investment income increased 96.9% to $168 million driven by strong results in investment funds. The fixed maturity portfolio reflected a decline quarter-over-quarter due to the lower interest rate environment, although the quarterly gap is closing. We also continue to maintain an above average level of cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2021 which has been decreasing over the past few quarters, where we see opportunities to invest at attractive risk adjusted returns. Our duration remains flat at 2.4 years, while maintaining a high credit quality of AA minus. Pre-tax net investment gains in the quarter of $24 million is primarily comprised of realized gains on investments of $39 million, a reduction in unrealized gains on equity securities of $18 million, and a decrease in the allowance for expected credit losses of $3 million. The realized gain was largely driven by the sale of two real estate properties, which also resulted in the reduction in our debt that was supporting one of the real estate properties of approximately $102 million. Corporate expenses increased approximately $13 million due to debt extinguishment costs of $8 million relating to the redemption of hybrid securities on June 1, and higher incentive compensation costs as well. In addition, we announced the formation of a new operating unit in the second quarter, which you may recall that such expenses are reflected in corporate until the operation begins writing business and is then moved into the underwriting expense. Stockholders' equity increased by $164 million to approximately $6.6 billion in the quarter after regular and special dividends of $112 million. Book value per share increased 2.5% in the quarter, and book value per share before dividends increased 4.3%. And finally, cash flow from operations continued to be strong with approximately $700 million on a year-to-date basis. And with that, I'll pass it back to Rob. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. So let me just offer a couple of quick observations, and then we'll get to your Q&A and take the dialogue anywhere participants would like to. I think by virtually any measure, it was a great quarter for the company. And from my perspective, it's been in the making for some period of time. In addition to that, I think there's a growing amount of evidence that would support the idea that there is more to come, and it's just again, quite encouraging. As far as drilling down into the market a little bit more when we looked at the major product lines with the exception of workers' compensation, all of them continue to get rate increases that outpace our view of loss trend. And that is even as we have been factoring in a bit more for financial inflation. Regarding workers' compensation, they are again growing, but early signs that the level of erosion there is slowing. That having been said, we also we're paying close attention to wage inflation and what that may mean for the comp economic model. Rich walked you through the top line. Obviously, the 27% growth plus is pretty healthy. A couple of observations there, though. One, please keep in mind, if you go back and you look at 2020, we were not an organization here in Q2 of '20, our top line fell off a cliff. We were give or take flat. So this was not just a bounce back to a normal run rate. This was a meaningful growth. In addition to that, Richard commented around the Excess and Reinsurance segment. You would have noted possibly in the release, and also again in Richard's comments, that it was the Reinsurance segment where particularly our domestic treaty business, where we backed away from a couple of deals where we just thought as though the rates were good, they weren't good enough for us to participate. If you unpack the 27% growth overall, give or take about a third of it is coming from rate. The balance on it is coming from exposure as you would have gathered from the rate increase coming in ex comp at just shy of 10%. I think it's important that people not lead too deeply into as I suspect some might as to the rate increase. And what does this mean relative to what the rate increase was last quarter or the same time in the prior year. The simple fact is that when we think about our economic model, it is multi dimensional. We look at the margins that are available in the business, and as we become pleased with available margins, we start to think about possibly how we reprioritize exposure growth versus pushing further on rate. And again, as we have seen the margins in a meaningful part of our portfolio become particularly attractive, we're still pushing for rate, we're still getting rate by and large ex comp that outpaces trend. But again, growing exposure becomes even more of an opportunity that we are capitalizing on. A couple of other comments as it relates to the top line. I think it's a helpful data point, particularly our specialty businesses are getting flooded with submissions. It's a comp and in particular, is our E&S businesses. What's driving it? Two things. An opening economy, which clearly we are benefiting from across the board, and, of course, a standard market that continues to revisit its appetite. As far as the opening economy just bouncing back to workers' compensation as we have expressed in the past, we're concerned with that product line and where rates have gone. But you would have seen that product line growing in our release and that is really driven by payroll growth. And again, I think it just speaks to the health and wellbeing of the U.S economy as it continues to recover. Maybe pivoting over to the combined ratio, Rich got through a lot of this. Just a couple of observations from my perspective. On the expense front, coming in at a 28.7% from our perspective is a pretty good place with opportunity to improve from here. As Rich suggested, as our travel and entertainment picks back up, certainly some if not all of the approximately 50 basis points benefit that we've been getting as far as expenses due to COVID that is likely to erode and disappear. That having been said, if you look at the power of the earned premium coming through and how it is likely to build from here, and you can see that given the written leads the earned, there is likely more benefit to be had over time. Loss ratio pretty good at 61%. The ex-cat accident year, as Rich mentioned was a 58.8. He talked about non-cat property and loss activity. That added relative to where it was running last year, about a little over 2 points. So this was quite frankly, we have a rash of fires. Some would suggests it's bad luck, we tend to believe that oftentimes you make your own luck. So we're digging into that to make sure that this is not a new normal. And it was more of a one-time unfortunate series of events. Another data points on the loss ratio from the paid loss ratio came in at a very attractive 44.3. A couple of comments on the investment portfolio. Again, Rich commented on the duration of the 2.4 years. The book yield is running coincidentally at about 2.4 as well. We continue to be very focused on inflation. From our perspective, inflation is very much here. There are some people that talked about it being this transient, that may be true, I'm not quite sure. When people talk about transient, well, how long is transient? Regardless, the costs of things are up today. But even if you saw inflation return to 2.5% or 3% level, we continue to believe that a 10-year at 130 or less doesn't make a whole lot of sense for the long run. One other comment just related to the balance sheet and the capital structure. And we can get into this during the Q&A if people are interested. We've done a fair amount of work and restructuring certain things per one of Richard's comments around the prepayment or the calling of certain securities and the cost associated with that. But as you think about, again, the earnings power of the business later this year, but even more so for '22 and '23, there's very meaningful benefit that will be coming through again, savings around capital costs. So long story short, very good quarter. And I think what's more encouraging than even just the results is if you look at how the table is set for what is likely not just to be the next couple of quarters, but quite frankly the next couple of years, this is an organization that is going to benefit greatly from the broader macro conditions. So, let me pause there and Suzanne, we'd like to open it up for questions now if we could please.
A - Rob Berkley: Elyse, good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good afternoon as well. My first question, I wanted to drill down into some of what you said in the introductory comments. Rob, you said that you're factoring in a bit more for financial inflation. Can you just expand on that and what change in terms of your loss plans assumptions in the current quarter?
Rob Berkley: So we are constantly visiting and revisiting our last picks and trying to refine them based on all the available information at any moment in time. I think from our perspective, it's pretty apparent that there is more financial inflation in the system today, if you will, than there was a year-ago. And as we think about our loss costs, for example, in the property line, the costs of building materials, or the cost of auto parts or other things like that, one need to appropriately factor in the financial inflation and what that means and how that impacts.
Elyse Greenspan: Can you give us a sense of just the magnitude of the movement you guys saw in the quarter relative to your loss ?
Rob Berkley: Generally speaking, at least we don't dissect that our loss picks to that extent. But certainly, I can assure you that when we have factored it in, it has led us to raise some of our picks from what we have been using in the past.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question on, you guys -- also going back to some of your remarks, the expense ratio on 28.7 in the quarter, I know you said it was 50 basis points from COVID. But it sounds like given the fact that there's a lot of leverage to the top line growth, that perhaps this could be kind of a new run rate expense ratio both when we still see some pandemic savings, and even when we get [technical difficulty] COVID, that it could be within the range of a 28.7. Can you just help us think through kind of the run rate for the expense ratio?
Rob Berkley: Sure. So what I would suggest you do is if you sort of add back in the 50 basis points for COVID, then you look at the momentum behind our earned premium in part by looking at our written and how that's going to come through. And while, yes, some of that expense is variable, commissions, boards, bureaus and so on, a meaningful amount of our expenses is somewhat fixed. And to Richard's point earlier, I think that that will certainly offset and probably then some the COVID component not being part of the business, hopefully going forward because everyone is back to a more traditional way of operating.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Mike. Good afternoon.
Michael Phillips: Thank you. Hey, [indiscernible] Rob. Thanks. Two questions. First question on the loss ratio ex-cat and the COVID. For this quarter, in insurance, it looks like it's flat compared to last year. And I think it's where I kind of want to get either reminder or clarification. I think last year you had some frequency benefits. So maybe this quarter actually did improve in insurance, and can you remind us or talk about that?
Rob Berkley: I'm sorry, Michael, could you repeat the question? You broke up a little bit.
Michael Phillips: Sure. Apologize. Yes, yes. So the Insurance segment of loss ratio ex-cat and COVID impacts, it looks like the loss ratio there back in that was flat year-over-year compared to 2Q '20. But I think that you had some frequency benefits also that made 2Q '20 a little bit tougher comp as you look at the whole numbers. So want to see if that was the case and clarify that, so actually this quarter did improve in insurance.
Rob Berkley: Yes. I'll give you my two sense, and Rich may have some thoughts to add to it. I think the biggest piece was the comment that both Rich and I made around non-cat property related losses being a bit more challenging in Q2, '01 than what we saw last year. And I think that would be a leading factor. And again, that was primarily fire. Rich, do you have any further thoughts on that?
William R. Berkley: That's spot on, Rob. That's exactly right. So I don't have any additional thoughts.
Rob Berkley: Okay.
Michael Phillips: Okay. So I was getting to maybe there was something last year that kind of dropped that loss ratio, but maybe not. So it's more just elevated this year from what you said. So okay, that's helpful. Second question, Rob, did you approach the, I guess, the way you set reserve the philosophy behind how you set reserves for [indiscernible] '20, given all that was going on last year, any differently than you otherwise do in the reserve [indiscernible]?
Rob Berkley: Certainly all of us, we, as a team took note of the impact of COVID on multiple levels, some of it to that was helpful, some of it was not helpful. But it's by the big piece that perhaps you're referring to, is frequency trend, and there were many product lines that benefited from COVID as it relates to frequency. And how we have thought about it, first off, we recognize that is not the new normal, and we're seeing frequency trend virtually across the board returning to a more traditional norm. And second of all, as far as what I would define is a unique situation in 2020 and some one-time benefits that came up out on the frequency assumption. We have recognized some of that but, I think, as we mentioned last quarter, we're reluctant to declare an outcome Prematurely because there are certain things you can include that they're done. And there are other things, it's hard to know whether there's just a pinch point in the legal system, for example, and there will be a catch up.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thats helpful. I guess the reason I was asking, Rob, because I think it's no secret that there's probably some cushion in the industry numbers. I'm not going to ask you about yours, but industry numbers because of 2020 accident year [ph]. And I guess what I was getting at is, do you think there's any impact of that on the overall pricing cycle because of what needs to be more of a cushion because of COVID results?
Rob Berkley: I think that different organizations have chosen to recognize that cushion at a different pace. I think a lot of that cushion came through primarily in the shorter tail lines, which would have been recognized sooner rather than later. And fundamentally, I think a lot of the drivers that are pushing this market to continue to firm are coming about as a result of other things.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: So I dont see that cushion is going to impact the direction or the momentum that exists. Thanks for the question.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Ryan.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, good evening, Rob. So question on -- the growth obviously strong. When we see that coming back and kind of the pivot toward the growth, does that change how you see the loss ratio progressing, maybe looking at over the next year relative to what you might have thought 6 months ago?
Rob Berkley: From our perspective, again, nobody knows exactly what tomorrow will bring, or there's always the unforeseen event. But when we look at the data points, you can see rates continuing to outpace our view on trends by and large. In addition to that, when you do the math, one needs to factor in the impact of terms and conditions, particularly in the E&S space as well as on the facultative [ph] front and even into this broader specialty space. So, when I think about it, I think that there's further opportunity from here for things to improve. And again, we have a view that our rate increases on a written basis and an on an earned basis will continue for some period of time outpacing trend.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then a follow-up on, I guess, just [indiscernible] little bit a reminder, obviously, Berkley has a lot of the individual underwriting entities and these are pretty decentralized generally. So it doesn't work in such a way that those entities are kind of reporting up loss ratios to you guys and you're kind of counting up the picks, or to what extent centrally are you guys able to kind of actually have control the assumptions that go into like underlying loss ratios?
Rob Berkley: Yes, so at the heart of our model, it's not an us and them so to speak. A model is much more of a collaborative one. So things such as loss pick using that as an example, that is certainly something that is a collaborative effort amongst really driven very much by the colleagues in the field at the same time, it is collaborative with us here. And we work together and we try and make sure that we're looking at it, if you will, a more local granular level. At the same time, we want to make sure that we're getting the benefit of the broader view of the group and beyond. So it's not one or the other. It is really a team effort from my perspective, and there's what I would define as a very healthy give and take.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Yes [technical difficulty].
Joshua Shanker: Hi. Good afternoon, everybody.
Rob Berkley: Great. Thank you.
Joshua Shanker: So -- good. So please don't get angry, I got a tough question, but I'm sure you have a [indiscernible]. I look to you guys as the poster child for we recognize bad news quickly and good news, we left sort of, I guess, incubate some of your [technical difficulty] putting it in the numbers. I was just looking through the numbers and it seems like you guys have been releasing reserves and workers' comp for reconnecting years, I'm sure there is reason for it. And I know that you guys usually sit on reserves, even think of producing favorable and a long-tail line for a number of years until you did that with confidence. So I'm hoping that you might be able to enlighten me on how it works a little bit.
Rob Berkley: So, Josh, let me say it back to you because the line isn't great. And I want to make sure that I understood your question. You're making an observation around how what our loss reserve development has been in the workers' comp line and philosophically how we think about that?
Joshua Shanker: I was looking through the schedule of PIC recent accident years and workers' comp are throwing off favorable development. And I imagine you guys would long-tail on like workers' comp traditionally, you would sit on those reserves for a few years before making any changes.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the answer to the question, and again, we're happy to get into a more granular discussion with you offline is that we are looking at our picks. And we're looking at the historical data and we are looking at low frequency and we're looking at severity, and we're trying to adjust appropriately. I think we tend to be particularly cautious early on out of the gates. And then of course, as it seasons, we will respond. But again, I don't have the [indiscernible] in front of me, so I'd be reluctant to try and get into a more granular discussion. But if you'd like to take it up offline, we would be pleased to do that with you or one of your colleagues, whatever would be most convenient for you all.
Joshua Shanker: Happy to do that. And the other question I had was about the arbitrage market. You guys let that fund get bigger, sometimes gets smaller. What's your outlook right now given where the market is and the opportunities there is? Will you be allocating more capital or less capital in the future to that in your minds?
Rob Berkley: I think if we take it one day at a time, we have some extraordinarily skilled colleagues that run that business and we have no shortage of cash as you would see from our balance sheet. So while it's been pretty steady, if they see more opportunity, we are certainly in our position to provide them more capital to manage.
Joshua Shanker: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for calling in.
Meyer Shields: How are you, Rob? So two quick questions. I think if I understand your response to at least correctly, you're talking about tweaking up some loss picks because of higher financial inflation. But if we take out the non-cat weather in the quarter, it looks like the underlying equity and loss ratio was better than in the first quarter. So I feel like I'm missing something there.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think obviously, we're in an industry where the -- you price your product before you fully know your cost of goods sold. And when we're thinking about the impacts of financial inflation, and what that may mean for our claims costs in the future, we're trying to make sure that we appropriately factor that in. I think if you're like me and you show up at Home Depot once a month, you'll notice that a lot of the stuff you buy there is considerably more expensive than it was a year-ago. So we're just trying to make sure that we are appropriately adjusting for the shift in a lot of commodity pricing and the shift in a lot of costs that would come about with claims.
Meyer Shields: Okay. The examples you gave for the financial inflation all seem to focus on short-tail lines. Are you seeing similar worsening inflation on the liability of the longer-tail lines?
Rob Berkley: Not as visibly if the shorter-tail lines is using a pretty broad brush, I would -- we will have to see the impact over time. Obviously, there can be an impact on things -- on certain things, but for us on the liability side, it tends to continue to be more of a social inflation discussion.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. And then one last question, if I can. I assume that some of the employment costs you have are fixed costs. Is inflation there getting any worse?
Rob Berkley: I think generally speaking, there is wage inflation throughout the country, and there's likely to be more of that for at least the short-term. We'll have to see what it means over time.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you for your questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hey, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Good, good. Hey, Rob, a couple of quick ones here. The first one, just back to the fire loss you had in the quarter, I imagine you expect some level fire losses every quarter, right? And I'm just curious, kind of is there a kind of a -- is there -- is it above baseline, it was last year's fire losses abnormally low, just trying to kind of establish kind of what a good baseline is here right now for the underlying loss ratio.
Rob Berkley: Yes, I would -- it was a series of losses. It wasn't just one loss.
Brian Meredith: Yes.
Rob Berkley: And I would tell you, I don't have the numbers in front of me. Rich, I would say it's a little bit of both of what Brian referenced. I think last year was a little on the lighter side this year was particularly heavy and run rates probably somewhere in between the book end [ph]. So I think the 2.4 were last year, I'd say a .5 I put back in, what's your thought on that?
William R. Berkley: Yes, I think that's right. I would agree with that.
Brian Meredith: Perfect. That's helpful. And then another one just quickly on the underlying loss ratios. When youre growing your [indiscernible] book pretty quickly right now. Is that is that mix of business going to kind of have some effect here going forward as we kind of looked at the combined ratio or the loss ratio, just because some of those casual lines probably carry a little bit higher underlying loss ratio?
Rob Berkley: I think that it is going to prove over time that the margin in the business that we're writing is very attractive.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. And then my last question. I'm just curious, you said you're concerned about wage inflation with respect to workers' comp. But don't you actually get premium for any type of payroll, isn't that based on payroll? So why would it be concerned?
Rob Berkley: Thanks for raising that, Brian. I may have mischaracterized it or misspoke. Actually it's the other way around. So when as you've had to listen to us wine for the past several quarters about the workers' comp line and how even though frequency may be the industry's friend and certainly it was the industry's friend during COVID, we continue to be focused on the severity component and we are meaningfully concerned about that for the industry, which has led to some of the commentary you heard. When you come up with a loss pick for workers' comp, obviously, there are a variety of components. One of the components is the medical trend assumption that you're using. So when you think about a -- the exposure, you make certain assumptions around payrolls. And to the extent that payroll or wage inflation is driving payrolls up more, and perhaps medical inflation is going up, but not going up by as -- or is not keeping up with the wage inflation, that could inert to the benefit of the margin.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Makes sense. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks for the question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle from RBC. Your line is now open.
Mark Dwelle: Yes. Good afternoon. Let me start with just a small numbers question. Was there in fact any COVID expense within the catastrophe, the $44 million a catastrophe that you had this quarter? Or is that youre no longer looking anything?
Rob Berkley: So there's -- there was a relatively modest -- Rich, do you recall how much it was?
William R. Berkley: Yes, we had about 1.2 loss ratio points embedded in the current accident year cat losses for COVID. So just under $25 million.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you. And then second question, and I'm tempted to ask you what the last thing you bought at Home Depot was what I'll actually ask you is -- in terms of competition across the industry, are you still seeing primarily rational competitive behavior, or are you seeing any signs around the edges of call aggressive competition, or price limited competition like you would typically see, perhaps new peaks of a pricing cycle?
Rob Berkley: There is nothing that leads us to believe -- let's put workers comp aside for the moment. There is nothing that leads us to believe that the opportunities in virtually every other product line are not very meaningful today, and will be very meaningful tomorrow. We continue to see the opportunity to push rates further and quite frankly, we're seeing the standard market continue to push business out creating opportunity for the specialty market. So we remain very encouraged by and large, as it relates to the opportunities. And no, we do not think that this marketplace has peaked in any way, shape, or form quite to the contract. Workers' comp, again, being the one outlier. Are we seeing the rate decreases depending on the state slowing a little bit? Yes, there is signs of that. At the same time, it is been surprising to us how there are certain markets that are becoming exceptionally aggressive with things such as commissions. And quite frankly, we just shake our head, we've kind of seen the movie before. We know how it ends. And it's usually a sign that we're getting towards the end.
Mark Dwelle: Thank you. That's very helpful. That's all my questions.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] There are no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Suzanne, thank you. So we, first of all, thank you all very much for finding time to join us as you would have gathered not only was it a strong quarter, but we're very optimistic about where things are going for the next couple of years. And from our perspective, the table is set for some pretty terrific returns. And we will look forward to enjoying those again over the next couple of years. So we will update you again in about 90 days. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded.  The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, except or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on form 10-K, for the year ended December 31 2020, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate, and the important factors which that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkeley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Mike, thank you very much, and good afternoon all. And welcome to our Q1 '21 call. On the call in addition to myself, you also have Bill Berkeley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, Group Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past. Richard is going to do the initial heavy lift and walk us through the quarter and some of the highlights. I will follow him with a few comments and then we'll open it up for Q&A and happy to take the conversation anywhere participants would like to take it. So with that Rich if you want to get us going please.
Rich Baio: Sure, Rob, thank you. And good afternoon everyone. The headline in this quarter is a record underwriting profit with premium growth of more than 11% and solid net investment income in gains, which resulted in a return on beginning of year equity of 14.5%. The company reported net income of $230 million or $1.23 per share. The breakdown is operating income of $202 million, or $1.08 per share, an after-tax net investment gains of $28 million or $0.15 per share. Beginning with underwriting income and the components thereof. Gross premiums written grew by more than $250 million, or 11.4% to almost $2.5 billion. Net premiums written grew 11.1% to more than $2 billion, reflecting an increase in both segments. The insurance segment grew approximately 10% on this $1.75 billion in the quarter. With an increase in all lines of business with the exception of workers compensation. Professional liability led this growth with 37.6% followed by commercial auto with 21%. Other liability of 13.1% in short tail lines of 5.6%. All lines of business grew in the reinsurance and monoline access segment, increasing net premiums written by 18.2% to more than $300 million. Casualty reinsurance led this growth with 21.9% followed by 13.8% in property reinsurance, and 13.6% in monoline access. The compounding rate improvement in excess of loss cost trends has partially contributed to the expansion of underwriting income. Other contributors have included lower claims frequency and non-cat property losses, along with growth in lines of business that are generating the best risk adjusted returns. Underwriting income increased approximately 250% to $183 million. The industry continue to experience above average catastrophe losses in the quarter, including the winter storms in Texas. And we have again, been able to demonstrate our disciplined management to cat exposure. Our current accident year of catastrophe losses were approximately $36 million or 1.9 loss ratio points, including 0.8 loss ratio points for COVID-19 related losses. This compares with the prior year cat losses of $79 million or 4.7 loss ratio points, which included three loss ratio points for COVID-19 related losses. The reported loss ratio was 60.6% in the current quarter, compared with 65.5% in 2020. Prior your loss reserves developed favorably by $3 million or 0.2 loss ratio points in the current quarter. Accordingly, our current accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes was 58.9% compared with 61% a year ago. The expense ratio was 29.5%, reflecting an improvement of 1.9 points over the prior year quarter. The growth in net premiums earned continues to outpace underwriting expenses by a margin of almost 7%, significantly benefiting the expense ratio. Although we continue to benefit from reduced costs associated with travel and entertainment due to the pandemic, we are implementing initiatives that will enable us to operate more efficiently in the future. Summing this up, our accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes was 88.4%, representing an improvement of four points over the prior year quarter. Shifting gears to investments. Net investment income for the quarter was approximately $159 million. The alternative investment portfolio including investment funds, an arbitrage trading account provided strong results. The fix maturity portfolio declined due to the lower interest rate environment and the higher cash and cash equivalent position we've maintained over the past few quarters. We did begin to reinvest cash as interest rates rose in the quarter, however, continue to maintain a defensive position with more than $2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. Our duration remains relatively short at 2.4 years, enabling us to further benefit from future increases in interest rates and at the same time, our credit quality remains strong at AA minus. Pre-tax net investment gains in the quarter of $35 million is primarily made up of realized gains on investments of $76 million, partially offset by a reduction and unrealized gains on equity securities of $24 million, and an increase in the allowance for expected credit losses of $17 million. The realized gain was primarily attributable to the sale of a private equity investment in real estate assets. Corporate expense partially increased due to debt extinguishment costs of $3.6 million relating to the redemption of hybrid securities on March 1. In line with our plans to benefit from the low interest rate environment, we've pre funded for a redemption and a couple maturities in early 2022. To this end, you will have seen that we announced the redemption of our hybrid securities for June 1, which will result in debt extinguishment costs in the second quarter of approximately $8 million pre-tax. Stockholders equity increased more than $100 million to approximately $6.4 billion, after share repurchases and dividends of $51 million in the quarter. The company repurchased approximately half a million shares for $30 million in 2021. And an average price per share of $63.82. Our net unrealized gain position in stockholders equity declined by $90 million due to the rise in interest rates in the quarter. However, this was partially mitigated by our decision to maintain a relatively short duration. Book value per share grew 2.4% before share repurchases and dividends. And finally, cash flow from operations, more than doubled quarter-over-quarter to over $300 million. And with that, I'll turn it back to you, Rob. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Yes, thank you very much. I noticed that there's a correlation here that, the better the quarter, the less you lead for me to comment on. So I guess I should be pleased and grateful that there's not much left for me. Having said that, let me offer a couple of comments that try not to be too repetitive on the heels of Richs comments. But I would like to flag a couple of things. First off, there is no doubt that there is a meaningful tailwind that exists in the commercial lines marketplace. And certainly this organization is benefiting from that. And to that end our top line, I think this is the highest growth rate we have seen since which I think you have to go back to 2013. You had mentioned to me when you look back in the history books. And not only the growth and market conditions attractive, I think what's even more encouraging is that there is a growing amount of evidence that the momentum is going to grow from here and that there is a fair amount of runway still before us. So again, I think that bodes well for not just how we see the coming quarters unfold, but quite frankly the next several years. To that end, clearly the domestic economy and certainly parts of the global economy are improving. And that without a doubt is going to benefit our top line. We are seeing the health and wellness of our insurance continuing to improve. In addition to that perfect comment a moment ago, we continue to see the opportunity to push rate further. You may have noticed that we got approached in 13 points of rate in the quarter, excluding workers compensation. I did have a little bit of a discussion internally and we dug into it as to how do you compare this approaching 13 points or rate with what we saw on the fourth quarter. And after digging into it, really what this is a reflection of is, there are parts of the portfolio where rate adequacy has gotten to the point where we are so encouraged by the available margin, that we are more interested in pushing harder on the exposure growth, and not as preoccupied and pushing harder on the rate front. And again, we view that as a real plus. This is we are coming up for some of the major product lines on a third year in a row where we are getting meaningful rate increases. And at this stage, we are seeing as Rich suggested rate on rate and in many product lines where we have been getting rate on rate in excess of loss cost trend. Again, we think that is very encouraging for what that means for margin. Before I offer a couple of thoughts on the loss ratio, couple other quick data points that I've referenced on occasion in the past, renewal retention ratio, in spite of what we're pushing on with rates. And all of the other underwriting actions that we are taking, is still hanging in there at approximately 80%. And our new business relativity metric, which is another data point we've shared with many of you in the past came in at 1.024%, which effectively what that means is on as much of an apples to apples basis as we are able to create in comparing a new account versus a renewal account. We are effectively surcharging a new account by 2.4% more, why because a new piece of business unless about, than obviously, it's part of your portfolio that you've been on for some period of time. And I think it's important because people need to understand when you look at the growth, yes, it is rate, but it's also exposure growth. But we are not compromising in that growth in the quality of the portfolio. Rich gave us some detail which complimented the relief on the loss ratio. Clearly, as he suggested, we're benefiting from the higher rates, couple other data points, I would suggest, we are not taking a lot of credit for shift in terms and conditions, when we come up with many of our loss picks. We will take some oftentimes, but certainly we are never taking full credit for it. We want to see how that comes into focus. So more to come on that front. The other piece, and I suspect that there has been some other discussion around the impact on frequency due to COVID. Again, that is something that we have been reluctant to declare victory on. There is certainly are some lines of business where you have more immediate visibility as to what the impact of that reduction in frequency there are other product lines, where there is less visibility. On that topic, I did want to offer a couple of quick comments on workers compensation, which is the one outlier as we've discussed in the past couple of quarters as far as the marketplace and where things are going. Clearly workers compensation has been a product line where competition has been on the rise. We've seen the action of state rating bureaus. And ultimately we'll have to see how that unfolds over time. Two comments there. One is, from our perspective, it is likely that the pendulum will swing too far in a certain direction. And as a result of that, as we have shared with people in the past, it continues to be our view that we expect the workers comp market to likely begin to bottom out more visibly, by the end of this year or perhaps the first half of next year. Could it be a quarter or two later? Yes, but generally speaking, that's how we see things coming into focus. The other comments on workers comp that I would like to flag because there's been an observation or two shared around the last picks that we are carrying for the 2020 year and given how benign the frequency has been in 2020. Why have we not done anything with that pick, and it's very simple. We do not want to declare victory prematurely. As we have in the past, start out with what we believe is a measure pick and as that seasons, we will adjust as we see, fit and appropriate. So, the last comment on comp which I will offer, and I think I've made the comment in the past, is that, I think that the lack of frequency that has existed recently in the comp line due to COVID, as to a certain extent, perhaps subsidize a severity trend, which looks pretty ugly in the comp line. And certainly it is possible that the marketplace is setting itself up for a disappointment, if there is not an appropriate level of attention paid to loss cost trend, and really unpacking what is going on with severity, what is going on with frequency and what one should expect as frequency returns to a more traditional gnome. I will leave it there as far as comp, thats perhaps more than people were looking for. Expense ratio, again, Rich touched on. As we've mentioned in the past, COVID is offering effectively a benefit of about 50 basis points, the expense ratio. So when he and I sort of do the back of the envelope math, that's what we're back in to the expense ratio. Having said that, it's also worth noting that we have some meaningful investments that are going on in the business, in particular on the technology as well as the data analytics front. And these are big lifts, which we think are clearly going to make us a better business more efficient, and will allow us to be able to be making better, more insightful decisions. And let me just move on briefly to investment portfolio, I'm not going to get into much detail here because Rich really covered it. I would just say that our approach to focus on total return, our emphasis on alternatives, continues to pay off. And quite frankly, it is helping to compensate and then some the discipline that we are exercising with how we're managing the fixed income portfolio. As Rich mentioned, we continue to maintain the duration on the shorter end at 2.4 years. And the quality is not something that we have or will be compromising on sitting there at AA minus. That being said, we are being rewarded for that discipline, as you can see where our book value ended up at the end of the quarter. And while we were not completely insulated, we were far or less impacted than those that have decided to take duration out farther. I just want to offer a couple of quick comments on what I'll refer to as cycle management. From our perspective, cycle management is the name of the game. Knowing when to grow, knowing went to shrink. We as a team are very conscious of the fact that we cannot control the market, we are very conscious of the fact that this is a cyclical industry and we are very aware of the reality that what we are able to control is what we do. Oftentimes people will ask the Chairman or Rich or myself, where are the best opportunities? And the answer we give because we do not want to get into the details is, look at our business, look at our public information, look at where we are growing. We grow where the margins are, we grow where the opportunity is. And we are not shy or scared or intimidated to let the business go, when we don't think it is a good use of capital. You can see that very clearly in our numbers. Right now you can see the discipline that our colleagues are exercising in the workers comp line. You can see in other parts of the business, whether it be the primary insurance, professional liability line, or what's happening in parts of our reinsurance portfolio. We are in the business of managing capital and we are going to deploy it where we think it makes sense. And again, we have our eyes wide open. Final comment for me before we open it up for questions. And that is a bit of recognition, for where we are. This business, from my perspective is particularly well positioned for the market conditions we are in, and likely what the market conditions will be tomorrow. We are here because we have a fabulous team. We have 6543 people that work together as a team in the interest of all stakeholders. And we were able to achieve this quarter because of their efforts in spite of the challenges that exists in the world, particularly over the past 12 years. And we thank them for what they have done. So, Mike, I will pause there and we'd be very pleased to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi.
Rob Berkley: Hi, good afternoon.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, good evening. My first question, just want to start on the pricing conversation. So you guys said you got just under 13% at workers comp. And you guys sound pretty positive on the factors out there that to continue with the momentum in fact for this year, and perhaps for the next year. So it is that 13% feels like a good number for the year? And the second question, I guess, you guys also mentioned that as you kind of looked at that 13% and beneath the hood, there was a portion of your business that's at weight adequacy, give a percentage of your book that would fall within that weight, adequate bucket?
Rob Berkley: Well, thank you for the questions. As far as a specific percentage, we don't but I would tell you it is a growing percentage. And maybe to the first question, we look at the business at a pretty granular level, we look at it by product line, we look at it by product line by operating unit. And then of course, we are looking at a more macro level. We have a view as to what is an appropriate risk adjusted return. And depending on where we are vis--vis, that return will guide us towards how much of a priority rate is versus once we get to a certain point while rate will remain our priority, to what extent are we focused on actually growing the portfolio from an exposure perspective. So as far as the 13% goes from, I don't know for sure what tomorrow will bring? We continue to dissect the book and trying to evaluate it. Could it go down a little bit? Could it go up a little bit? I would caution you not to read too much into one quarter one way or another. But we are very encouraged directionally with where things are going. And again, the margin that we're seeing come through in the book itself.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, thanks. And then my second question on, you got around just over 200 basis points of underlying loss ratio improvement this quarter. That was down just a little bit relative to the Q4. And I know in past discussions, you guys have mentioned that, the rate versus trend would become more evident in 2021. I'm assuming that comments still applies. And can you just kind of help us think through that and how we should think about way earning in the book during the next two quarters of the year?
Rob Berkley: So rate earnings through in the next couple of quarters of the year, we can help you, maybe we'll take that offline and help you do the math on how that is coming through based on the public information that we made available. I would tell you that, part of it depends on the loss trend that you are using, and exquisitely loss trend what is left over and then using a rough number, obviously two-thirds of that and there's some benefit of the loss ratio approximately one-third of also is associated with the expense. So I would suggest if you'd like that, well take it offline and we can sort of help you use the public information to do the math as to what an earning level would be. And what that would how one can extrapolate from there. But clearly, given the reality is on the radon rate that we are getting an excessive loss cost trend, just at a macro level that is going to occur to the benefit, obviously, of the loss ratio.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Good afternoon, Rob. Maybe we can just stick with loss trend. In the earnings release, the term persistent social inflation was used. I think some of the data points we've seen on an industry basis in terms of like paid loss ratios and some executives, some of your peers kind of talking about coming near term low in terms of maybe social inflation, but specifically claims frequencies carriers, if you're still experiencing kind of a low, and is there a kind of a COVID benefit? That's kind of been helping the underlying loss ratio or just the overall loss ratio?
Rob Berkley: Okay, I think clearly, frequency has been impacted by COVID. I think as the economy is opening up, more and more every day, that benefit is eroding, and eroding quickly. I think, also, as you're going to see the legal system opening back up, particularly, specifically, the court system opening back up, I think you're going to see that erode as well, which is one of the reasons why we have been reluctance to reach a conclusion as to what it's going to look like when the dust settles. That all being said, clearly, there is a benefit as a result of COVID on frequency trend. Having said that, the big driver, if you will, of social inflation has been more severity, or what I would define as frequency of severity.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. I guess shifting gears a little bit about the expense ratio, which has been a great story for a while now. Is there -- given your remarks, which sounded like you guys feel good about growth, continuing well in excess of, of expense, inflation? If you will be thinking about kind of a newer lower normal in the near term for the expense ratio, are there still, I think maybe correct me if I'm wrong. 30 is kind of a level we should you guys are kind of gravitating to for as a target.
Rob Berkley: I'm not in a position to give you a specific number, Mike. But I can assure you that we as an organization, all of us as a team collectively, are focused on making sure that we have a competitive platform to be operating from. And it is our goal to push through the 30 number.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. And maybe lastly, maybe I missed in the prepared remarks, you talked about any specific COVID losses this quarter that were taken. And also, if you could update us on proximity, what percentage of your college reserves are in the IBNR bucket? Thanks.
Rob Berkley: So we'll have enough information in the queue to make you go blind on COVID. But as I think we may have referenced in the release, in the current quarter, we had losses of approximately 15 million bucks. And again, we'll have all kinds of additional information in the queue. COVID is a tricky one, particularly given a lot of our exposure is associated with event cancellation. So A, trying to figure it out when the world is going to open up and B, trying to figure out what are the options in trying to triage the situation between a full cancellation versus just maybe a partial event. So we continue to try and make sure that we are putting our best foot forward. At the same time, we're conscious of the fact that we have imperfect information.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good afternoon, everybody. Good evening. My first question goes back to the rate commentary. I guess I'm just trying to understand the willingness to take maybe less rate increase in order to more aggressively go after a business that you view as more adequately priced. Is that a Berkeley specific phenomenon or is it something that you see for the industry as a whole? And the reason I asked this is, I think you mentioned that the retention rates remain pretty steady in the 80s. And I would have thought that if it were a Berkeley specific phenomenon, maybe we would have seen some increase in retention rate?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that -- I can't speak to what others do, or to that matter how they're thinking about it. I can just tell you that we're pretty comfortable with certain product lines and what the available margin is, and we're starting to push on that. I do I think that it's going to materially flow through at this stage. No, I don't think so. As far as the retention ratio, do I think as you're going to see that become more and more of the case with the portfolio? Yes, I think you'll probably see that a bit more.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, that's helpful. And then another question, with regards to the reinsurance business. I think in the past youve said that, you saw more opportunities, or better rate adequacy in insurance over reinsurance. And if that, if that is indeed the case, can you maybe talk about why the rate of growth in reinsurance is actually exceeding 30 of top line growth in insurance?
Rob Berkley: To the extent I made that comment, and I don't know if I did or didn't, but if I did, I assume it was some number of quarters ago, if not more. So I would imagine that there was a moment in time, when the insurance business was blown considerably quicker, certainly parts of it were grown considerably quicker than the reinsurance business. And as a result of that, that's where it would have made sense for us to be deploying capital. And that's where my colleagues would have been looking to grow. So again, I don't know when the -- I don't have a recollection of the comment or the timing of the comment. But what I can assure you of is that we are focused on growing the business in areas at time that we think that margin is there. And obviously, the reinsurance marketplace, is going through a significant transition. And our colleagues that have to discipline shrank the portfolio considerably, are now finding it to be a marketplace that is much more attractive, hence the growth you're seeing.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. Please go ahead.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. Good evening. Good afternoon. I guess I wanted to do a little bit more down on the loss ratio, and just looking at the ex-cat loss ratio in insurance. It kind of been hovering in that, called 59 to 59.5 range for the past several quarters. Obviously, we've had, I can't really think of a lot of seasonality would be weighing on that. It seems like the magnitude of earned rate versus trend, it should be widening. So maybe just a little bit of color on why we're not seeing more sequential improvement in the ex-cat loss ratio and insurance.
Rob Berkley: Rich, if you have any thoughts on that I have a comment or two. But does you have anything?
Rich Baio: So if I look at the, for the insurance segment year-over-year, certainly we have improved by two points. And for the reasons that we've been discussing, I think if you look for the full year of 2020, we were just over 60%. So we did have some improvement coming through and I think as you probably discuss, Rob, I think part of it has been our conservative nature with regards to the design ratios that we have as well in terms of making sure that we don't get too far ahead of ourselves with regards to how were establishing our reserve position. But I'll defer that to you in terms of discussion.
Rob Berkley: I think that's correct, which I think is consistent with what we have suggested in the past that we're going to start out with a pretty measured tech and then we will tighten it up over time, worker's compensation being an example of what we talked -- I think we referenced earlier in the call.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And I guess I'm just kind of trying to explore this with the rate commentary you're feeling you clearly feel good that the book is more rate adequate. I guess, the one observation I would make is, if I go back to 1Q '19, your ex count loss ratio is only two points lower than it was two years ago. And we were kind of getting into the hard market. If these loss things don't turn out to just be conservative, that actually turned out to be prudent incorrect? Then I guess the question is, why are you happy? Why are you satisfied with just two points of loss ratio improvement, at a point when you're willing to start to give up a little bit on the rate front?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that ultimately, Ryan, you got to remember that we have a bit of a bouquet here. So we don't while we do look at the portfolio, and we do speak to you and others at a macro level, what we're trying to do is give you a little bit of insight that there are 53 different operating units, many of them with various product lines within each one of the operating units. And there are components of that, where we think that we are getting to a point that the rates are so attractive, that we're prepared to maybe not push as hard on the rate front. There are many components of it, as you can see, given the rate that we continue to achieve, where we think there's opportunity, and quite frankly, need to be getting more rate. So, what we're trying to do is give you a sense and help you sort of think about the rate of adequacy and how you compare what we got in the quarter with what we got in prior quarters. But again, at this stage, I think that it's very clear, at least in our opinion, that we continue to get something measured in the hundreds of basis points in excess of lost cost. And we are doing that in most cases for a second time. And the stage is being set for us to do that for a third time.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Rob, you talked about workers compensation severity getting worse, is that something you're seeing is that something you expect is that tied to an economic recovery?
Rob Berkley: It's something that we have been observing in the data for some period of time. And it's like many things, you see a couple of isolated data points, and then you start to pay more attention and you start to find more and more of them. So I don't think that we could give you a precise answer, but directionally that's what we're seeing happening.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Is it fair to separate that from the decline in frequency, I know they are not comparable, but personal auto proven to fell off a cliff and sky severity skyrocket and I'm wondering if whether that same phenomenon, we're just getting?
Rob Berkley: Clearly, during COVID, there were a lot of people sheltering in place, there were a lot of factories that were closed, there were a lot of people not going into offices, and there are a lot of people sitting at their kitchen table. And as a result of that, you saw less frequency. Having said that, again, we have noticed that severity seems to becoming more and more of an issue.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's helpful. If I can shift gears briefly, talk a little bit about the technological investment. Does that have any implications for the strategic decentralization of underwriting?
Rob Berkley: No, we view what we're doing on that front, which will, perhaps bring some efficiency but more often than just efficiency. It's also going to be empowering people with better tools and better information, so they can make better choices. But certainly, there's an efficiency component as well.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Hey, thanks. Good evening. A couple quick questions. The first one this is just numbers question. The COVID losses, is that book in your cat loss, like you've typically done?
Rob Berkley: Yes, the 15 million that Rich referred to, from the current quarter is in that, so the actual, if you will, traditional cat number, I think which was about 21 million. The balance income in the quarter.
Brian Meredith: Thats helpful. Thank you. Than the second question, Rob. I'm curious, are you seeing at all any appetite now by the standard market to kind of reach up into the E&S market? We'll call it to maybe take some business given where rate and stuff is going. Are we seeing any indication of that yet?
Rob Berkley: None whatsoever that we're seeing if anything, it continues to go in the other direction, Brian. Our submission flow is gaining momentum, partly because the economy, but partly because I think the standard market continues to revisit their appetite. I think you can see that in part how they're pushing more for rate. But simultaneously, they're weeding out the portfolio where I think they're revisiting what that appetite should be. And that is creating opportunity for the specialty market, in particular, the E&S carriers, and we're certainly in the middle of that.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And then, my last question, just curious, Rob. So given all of the uncertainty, with respect to what loss trend is going to be looking like for you going forward. I mean, you pointed out yourself, is the return on capital that you're looking at on business higher today than it would have been a couple of years ago? Do you have to factor that into when you're thinking your pricing? This is that uncertainty? I mean, I think back at prior cycle turns where you had you didn't know what loss trend really was running, it was so high, and there were massive price increases ended up resulting and some massive reserve releases going forward. But how do you think about that?
Rob Berkley: We have a view as to what trend is, we think that it's based on reasonable fact, that is available and analysis. And quite frankly, I would expect that we will be overtime reaping the benefits from certainly the rate that we are getting in excess of that. Do I think that we are being overly conservative or overly optimistic with our pick on trend? No, but do I think we're being thoughtful and measured? Yes. Having said that, as suggested earlier, Brian, I think given regardless of the trend number that you realistically want to use, we are getting rate, that is several 100 basis points, in excess of any trend number I've heard people using.
Brian Meredith: Great, thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Phil Stefano from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. So, Rob, in your opening remarks, you had talked about there being a runway for growth and having a good bit of confidence in that. I would assume that when you talk about that it's the product of both rate and exposure. And it feels like we're focusing quite a bit on the rate side so far. So I guess the first question is my interpretation, right? And then maybe you can talk to us about the exposure and the extent to which that might be driving top line growth, as we see a potential slowdown in the rate that everyone has mentioned so far.
Rob Berkley: Okay, well, maybe a couple of things. So first off, I would encourage people not to get overly consumed on the fact that our rate increase was only 13%, which I think by most measures is reasonably robust. But maybe that view is not shared by all. That having been said, I also think that it's generally understood at this stage and hopefully, it continues, that we have an economy that is getting back on its feet and building momentum. As a result of that, we think that you're going to see payrolls going up, we think that you're going to see this the amount of commerce, you're going to see receipts going up, and youre going to see more economic activity. Much of what we do is priced off of payrolls, receipts or economic activity. And I think that that bodes well for the growth. In addition to that, you continue to see, as I referenced a moment ago, a standard market revisiting its appetite and pushing business into the specialty, in particular the E&S market, which is very much our strike zone, which is why historically we have done particularly well in these types of market conditions. And we think there's early evidence to support that that well continue to be the case and we have no reason to believe that it won't. So, and I guess, lastly, I said, I have that, on the topic of specialty and E&S, there are a lot of small businesses that went out of business, you're going to see them coming, getting back on their feet, whether they're starting up again or starting something new, and new businesses tend to find their insurance coverage in the specialty in particular, the E&S market. And lastly, I think I should add that I think there's a reasonable chance that there is going to be later this year and next year, a meaningful catch up on the audit premium front. So, when you when you put all of those pieces together, in my opinion, while rate is and continues to be an important part of the story, and certainly for the past many quarters, it has been at a rate centric discussion, because of the need that the industry had for rate. At this stage with an economy that is opening back up and cooperating, I think that you're going to see great opportunity on the top line.
Phil Stefano: Okay, I think that makes sense. And focusing back on the investments in technology that you had talked about. I was hoping you can give a little more color there. Is this something that COVID triggered, was it happening in the background and we just weren't talking about it? And if you want to give us a flavor for any -- is their expense pressures now, from the build out that might abate in the near future. How we should be thinking about that?
Rob Berkley: No, this is not something that was triggered in any way, shape, or form by COVID. It's rather just to focus on how we continue to move the business forward, and how we use technology to make the business better. We're able to use data and analytics to empower people to make more informed decisions. As far as what does that mean, specifically for the expense ratio? I don't think it's particularly earth shattering. But it's certainly something to keep in mind, certainly something that Rich and I pay attention too. Just on the -- while its not in the expense ratio, per se. But as it relates to expenses, one thing that I didn't mention, I don't believe Rich mentioned, we have done a fair amount of work on our balance sheet in this low interest rate environment. And Rich, again, I think we both skipped over this, but you want to just give 30 seconds, what we've done on the capital fund, please?
Rich Baio: Sure, Rob. So I guess over the last 18 months, we've done a number of refinancings and capital transactions, we've raised about $1.75 of senior debt and hybrid capital with the intended use of proceeds to basically take out certain hybrid securities that were at higher costs and fund maturities that we had up through March of 2022. And so with that, we would anticipate that some of the results coming out of that would be an extended average maturity of about 10 years that we would be reducing our cost of capital by nearly 100 basis points. And if you were to look at the interest expense, probably in 2021, we'd see a reduction of a few million dollars in interest expense, and then going into 2022, we'd see an additional 20 plus million dollars of interest expense reduction, building off of the 2021 number. So definitely some good opportunity to take advantage of the low interest rate environment that we're seeing.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Rich. So Phil, I know that doesn't get right at your expense ratio question, but obviously, it's a meaningful impact on our economic model and just dawned on me we should have flagged that with everybody.
Phil Stefano: No, that's great. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: That was our last question at this time. I will turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing comments.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Mike, thank you very much and thank you all for dialing in. We appreciate your questions and engagement. I think by virtually any measure, it was a very good quarter and we remain quite convinced that there are more good quarters to come. Talk to you in 90 days. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, except or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Christine, thank you very much and welcome all to our fourth quarter call. I think we're well on our way to our Safe Harbor statement being the longest component of our call. But perhaps that's just a reflection of sign of the times. On the call and in addition to me, you also have Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman as well as Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we have in the past, where, which is going to lead us through some highlights for the quarter. I will follow with a couple of observations on my end. And then we will open it up for Q&A and the three of us are available to answer your questions to the best of our ability. So with that, Rich, do you want to lead off, please?
Rich Baio: Absolutely. Thanks, Rob. Good evening, everyone. The company reported record quarterly net income of $312 million, or $1.67 per share. Despite the heightened catastrophes experienced by the industry, and slowdown in the economic environment through the global pandemic, our financials significantly improved in the quarter. This improvement was evidenced in our current accident year combined ratio x cats of 88.8% and strong investment income and net investment gains, which contributed to an annualized quarterly return on equity of 20.6%. Starting first with our top-line, growth in our gross premiums written accelerated through the year with fourth quarter representing growth of 9.3%. Similarly, net premiums written grew by 8.2% to approximately $1.8 billion in the quarter. All lines of business grew in the insurance segment with the exception of workers compensation, increasing net premiums written by 7.2% to approximately $1.6 billion. Professional liability led this growth with 29.6% followed by commercial auto of 20.6%, other liability of 10.6% and short tail lines of 2%. Growth in the reinsurance and monoline excess segment was 16.8%, bringing net premiums written to $205 million. Casualty reinsurance led this growth with 21.2% followed by 9.3% in property, reinsurance and 6% in monoline excess. Rate improvement along with lower claims frequency and non-cat property losses contributed to our improvement in underwriting income of 44.2% to $165 million. Offsetting this improvement or higher catastrophe losses, resulting from natural cats and COVID-19 related losses. We recognized $42 million of total catastrophe losses in the quarter, or 2.3 loss ratio points, of which 1.5 loss ratio points relates to COVID-19. You will see in our earnings release supplemental information that the cat losses for the reinsurance and monoline excess segment is negative due to the reclass of COVID-19 IBNR to the insurance segment. The current quarters natural cat losses compare favorably with the prior year quarter of $20 million or 1.2 loss ratio points. The reported loss ratio was 61.3% in the current quarter, compared with 62.4% in 2019. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $4 million, or 0.2 loss ratio points in the current quarter. Accordingly, our current accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes was 59.2% compared with 61.4% a year ago. Rounding out the combined ratio, we benefited from an improving expense ratio of 1.3 points to 29.6%. We continue to benefit from growth in net premiums earned 5.6%, which outpaced an increase in underwriting expenses of 1.2%. In addition, the expense ratio is benefiting from reduced costs impacted by the global pandemic, including travel and entertainment. This contributes a benefit of more than 50 basis points to the expense ratio. Touching on investments, net investment income for the quarter increased 32% to approximately $181 million. The increase was driven by investment fund income of $53 million due to market value adjustments and arbitrage trading income of $26 million in large part coming from investments and special purpose acquisition companies. Investment income from the fixed maturity portfolio declined due to lower reinvestment yields compared with the roll off of securities, due to maturities calls and pay downs. In addition, we continued to maintain a cash and cash equivalent position of approximately $2.4 billion, enabling us to maintain a relatively short duration of 2.4 years and significant liquidity. Pre-tax net investment gains in the quarter of $163 million is primarily attributable to realize gains of $127 million and changes in unrealized gains on equity securities of $36 million. As previously announced, the realized gain was largely driven by the sale of a real estate investment in New York City, which resulted in a gain of $105 million. Foreign currency losses in the quarter were driven by the weakening U.S. dollar. Two items of note. First, you'll see that on a year-to-date basis, we were about breakeven. Second, loss in the quarterly income statement is offset considerably by the increase in stockholders equity. In the quarter, our unrealized currency translation loss improved by $66 million, resulting in a net equity pickup of approximately $47 million. As a reminder, expenses included a non-recurring cost of $8.4 million relating to the redemption of our $350 million subordinated debentures in the quarter. Stockholders equity increased 5.3% in the quarter and book value per share before share repurchases and dividends increased 6.1%. We ended the year with more than $6.3 billion in stockholders equity, after share repurchases of approximately 6.4 million shares for $346 million at an average price per share $54.43 and ordinary dividends totaling $84 million. That brings total return to shareholders of $430 million in the year. Finally, the company had strong cash flow from operations in the quarter of $480 million and more than $1.6 billion for the full year, an increase of more than 41%. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Okay, Rich, thank you very much. Very complete, you leave me nothing to say. But I'll come up with something to babble on about for a relatively brief amount of time. So, from my perspective, and I believe from our perspective, the market is clearly in the throes of firming. When we look at the marketplace, is it what we saw at least at this stage in 86. No, clearly not there is not a vacuum when it comes to capacity. But clearly, there is a recognition within the industry amongst carriers. That capacity is not going to be build out in such a casual manner as it has been done in the past. And when it is provided, it will be with a lens towards a more appropriate rate associated with that. When we look at the marketplace, overall, we think this is very appropriate. And whether it will prove to be similar to what we saw in sort of late 2001 and 2002 and 2003, when we see with the time, but the reality is no cycle looks like any other cycle. All that being said, when we look at Q4 and when we think about our own business, every product line at this stage with the exception of workers compensation, we believe is achieving rate in excess of [indiscernible]. And quite frankly, that is appropriate and necessary when you think about where trend is. And in addition to that, when you think about the realities of what one can expect from the investment income portfolio, particularly around the fixed income, if we do need to be pushing for rates and driving down the combined ratio further in order to achieve a sensible risk adjusted return. This as far as different product lines go at this stage, we are seeing meaningful firming continuing in the much of the PL market. Also, the excess in umbrella market is quite firm as well, property continues to be notably hard, and auto, I would suggest is also quite firm. One of the laggards has been primary GL and we've been pleased to see over the past couple of quarters that seems to be building some momentum. And we think that's really important given what's going on, on the social inflation front. And again, as well as the realities of investment income. And as mentioned in prior calls, and just a couple of moments ago, worker's comp does continue to be the outlier. Having said that, we continue to believe that's in the early stages of bottoming out, and would expect that to be reversing direction by the end of or later part or end of '21. Just on the topic of rate. From our perspective, we think that there are many market participants that have a good deal of catching up to do. When we think about the past several years, there have been moments where quite frankly, it's been a little bit lonely when we've been pushing for rate. As you may have picked up in the release x comp, we got 15.5-ish points of rate. In the quarter, if you go back a year earlier to Q4 '19, we were getting just shy of 9 points of rate, Q4 '18, 4 points of rate, Q4 '17, 2.3, Q4 '16, we got a point of rate. We think that there are many parts of market participants that have not been pushing for rate for an extended period of time. And again, we are going to see them needing to catch up and they are going to need to catch a moving target. One other comment that I would just make them on this front related to rate and loss costs and how people think about rate adequacy. It would appear as though there are some market participants that may be thinking about loss costs slightly differently than how we think about loss costs. When we look at the current circumstance, I think it's very clear that severity is on the rise for much of the liability market. And recently, as a result of COVID-19, there are certainly many parts of the market that have experienced somewhat of a benign period when it comes to frequency. And our observation is that some may be in for a little bit of a rude awakening, hopefully sooner rather than later, when COVID is somewhat behind us, we see frequency return to a more traditional normal and that severity trend continues to take off like a rocket set for the foreseeable future, as we've been discussing, Turning to our quarter, as Rich referenced, pretty healthy growth on the top-line. The growth was up about 9%, the net was up about 8%. And obviously the rate increase that we mentioned earlier, is a big contributor to that. We've gotten the question from time to time from folks to saying, hey, help me do the math. So you're getting 15 points a rate in this quarter or so. But you're only growing a smaller amount? What's going on? Are you shrinking your business from an exposure perspective? And the answer to the question is, yes and no. And what I mean by that is our policy count is actually up a bit. But what's actually going on is that our insurers, while we may be selling more policies and that number is growing, many of the insurers business activity and particularly measured in their revenue, which we price the policies off of is down as a result of this economic activity in the industry. So when we look at the situation here, sort of the short version, policy count is up a little bit, rate is up, but the number, the amount of revenue or a number of widgets, if you will, that our insurance are producing is down. So what does that mean? That means that we are reasonably well positioned for growth, when the economy starts to open back up. And you will see in all likelihood, from my perspective, a notable catch up in audit premiums, as the revenue begins to pick up, even with those policies that we've already issued, because again, there is a catch up in our audit activities. Just stuck with other things quickly, the expense ratio, again, Rich, covered this pretty thoroughly, I would just offer a couple of quick sound bites. One, the 15 basis points benefit, if you will, that the expense ratio is getting as a result of a reduction of activity on our end with travel and entertainment, and so on. That will one of these days come back but we are actively looking at what does return to work look like for us, we certainly expect that people will be back in the office. But will the travel be the same? Or were there opportunities to learn through this period of time where maybe travel will not have to return to it what it once was. That all being said, the reality is that we envision the business growing considerably more as the economy opens back up. And in addition to that, these higher rates which will also contribute to the higher earned premium coming through, will help out on that front. And on the lost ratio front, obviously, there was some improvement there. We also have heard some commentary from some really asking, given all the rate increases, why are we not seeing more improvement in the loss ratio? Short answer is that we're trying to be as always very measured and not declaring victory prematurely. As we've shared with some in the past, the simple reality is, we do not know what the legal system is going to look like and what that is going to mean for loss costs activity once the economy opens back up, and we see the legal system, particularly the courts, operating at more of a traditional level. Having said all this, let me share with you just a quick observation. If one were ypothetically, to look at our loss ratio that we had in 2020. And one were to apply a healthy level of trend, just to pick a number arbitrarily a handful of points. And then one were to apply that type of rate increases earnings through that we have been achieving. I think that gives you a reasonable indication as to what the math may look like. One other piece that one could factor in hypothetically speaking, would be it is perhaps reasonable assumption, I should say that a pandemic will not happen every year. And obviously there's significant loss associated with the pandemics and our 2020 numbers. So some might suggest that we're being a little bit optimistic. But quite frankly, one of the days all done is pretty simple, straightforward math. Just on the investment portfolio, again, I'm not going to repeat what you already heard from Rich, but again, it was a strong quarter both as far as the gains. We have shared with people in the past that on the realized gain front, it's going to be lumpy. And quite frankly, [indiscernible] returns are going to be lumpy. Penciling in on average, give or take 25 million a quarter is what we've suggested to people in the past. We still think that's appropriate. And they're going to be moments in time where it may feel like there's a bit of a drought. And there's going to be moments in time where it feels like it's raining money but on average, we think we get great risk adjusted returns. And again, the same thing applies to the funds. As we have suggested to people they're going to be moments when the funds do break they're going to be moments where the funds are lagging a little bit but on average, we suggested that people pencil in high teens call it 20 million a quarter. Rich mentioned and I know we've talked about this last quarter how the duration is sitting there at about 2.4 years, we continue to have a view, that one does not get rewarded for taking the duration out or going out on the yield curve. When we look at -- when we do the math, when we look at the numbers, yes, we could take it, the duration back out of it. But the simple fact is that if you move rates up, call it our modeling 100 basis points or so, the impact on a quarterly basis, we will pick up after tax give or take maybe $5 million. But if you move rates up 100 basis points, the impact on book value will be approximately $160 million. So we are at this stage prepared to live with a slightly lower book yield and maintain the flexibility, the high quality and the liquidity and we think that makes sense. One last topic for me is listen, you may have picked up the announcement that we made just in time for the 1-1, this is a vehicle that we created to sit side by side with our traditional reinsurance partners. We remained very committed to traditional reinsurance. But we felt as though that this was a good platform to sit side by side. We're very fortunate to have two outstanding partners in this re and while there certainly are plenty of people to partner with these two institutions, not only are financially well heeled, but they are two organizations that are both thoughtful, sophisticated, with tremendous expertise in the insurance industry, and they are truly partners. In addition to that, it was very important to us that there's a shared view around the topic of risk adjusted return, and a shared sense of obligation and duty to capital. So since people tend to unplug right after the Q&A, I'll just tuck in my parting comments now. And that is while some might suggest that, I found a bit optimistic and some might even suggest that it is a genetic flaw being overly optimistic. I think the simple reality of the situation is all you need to do is look at the facts and do the math. And if one were to go down that path and look at the facts and do the math, I think it paints a pretty clear picture for what the next several years look like for this organization. So I'm going to pause there and Christine at this time, we would like to open it up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: First question, I saw in the release, you talked about the pay loss ratio being 51.9. Do you guys have offhand what last years was feels awfully good.
Rob Berkley: Rich, do you have that handy if we so, Mike, can we just follow up with you or [indiscernible] favorite tip?
Rich Baio: I do with the full year for 2019 was 55.2.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Okay, so it's lower. And so, I guess, Rob, you've been telling us pretty loud and clear that, there's uncertainty about whether the recent frequency dip kind of comes back to normal levels in 2021. And severity has been a big part of the problem for the industry. Just curious, is severity currently or just in '20, is severity also running at improved level versus pre-pandemic?
Rob Berkley: No. At least from my perspective, and I'm using a very broad brush here. So there are going to be pockets that would not fit under this response. But generally speaking, when we look at 2020, we think severity continues to be an issue, this whole sort of topic of social inflation, we think remains very real. And honestly, given how the courts were at best brought to a crawl during the COVID-19 period, I'm not sure if anyone really fully appreciate how ugly it is. But certainly, I think without a doubt, we can all assume that frequency has been for many product lines are remarkably benign during COVID-19. And once the world returns to a more traditional circumstance, you will see frequency return to a more historic level and certainly [indiscernible].
Mike Zaremski: And switching gears to when your comments earlier about the top-line growth, lagging pricing? I guess I had thought one of the main reasons was, you're giving a pricing finger, it includes comp, but doesn't include comp, which is more of flattish to negative pricing. But, I guess my real question was, you talked about audit premiums, potentially being a plus, hopefully in '21. But any color you can give us on how other premiums impacted Berkley's income statement in 2020?
Rob Berkley: I don't have those numbers, and Karen can perhaps follow up with whatever we are able to share. But what I can tell you is this, for policies that were written during '19, that were providing coverage during '20, or policies that were written early in '20. Obviously, the expectation that many of those insured had was that their revenue in all likelihood would be significantly above what it turned out to be when much of the economy shut down. And obviously, that had an impact on their revenue. So what I'm suggesting is, if you assume that at some point, during 2021, the economy begins to more meaningfully open up in this country and other economies around the world. I think what you will see is, when people go out to do audits, the economic activity was more than they had estimated for 2021 and there will be a lot of premium catch up through the audit process i.e., if I own a store, and I buy a policy today, I'm probably estimating that my revenue is going to be considerably less perhaps than it was in 2019. But if the economy opens back up, my revenue in all likelihood, will open will pick up considerably. And when the insurance company goes out and does an audit, to see what your revenues were, you will owe the insurance company considerable premium. And there will be a catch up.
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. Lastly, a numbers question, if you have it, the COVID charges, you've taken the just '20, what percentage is sitting in IBNR bucket still?
Rob Berkley: I'm sorry. Could you repeat that once more Mike?
Mike Zaremski: The COVID-19 charges you've taken in 2020, what percentage are sitting in IBNR roughly?
Rob Berkley: The total amount that we have put up somewhere between 45% and 50% is still sitting in IBNR.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: My first question is around the severity trend. Rob, I just want to clarify on your comment that it continues to take off like a rocket ship after COVID. Are you taking further deterioration in the trend [indiscernible]?
Rob Berkley: Here is my view that social inflation is a moving target and that it continues to tick along? And I think that there are some people that have underestimated that. And we have worked very hard as an organization, not to get caught behind. So my view is that, when I say a rocket ship, I think that there are a lot of people that are just proportionately consumed by what was a benign period for many, many years, and it really wasn't until maybe the past two, three years or so that we started to see it really where is that.
Yaron Kinar: But it's not necessarily that this trend gets worse, it's just that others may have been slowed this up to this realization.
Rob Berkley: I think the others may be slow to wake up to it. And I think in addition to that, that it continues and you get a compounding effect. And if you haven't been keeping up with it, you will continue to fall farther behind.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then my second question is, so, for a company that has recognized this trend early and it is also showing duration on the asset side, is there the opportunity to perhaps take the foot off of the rate pedal, in order to take market share and what is potentially much more lucrative business today, considering that you have recognized these trends already.
Rob Berkley: So we look at each product line by operating unit and try and strike the balance between rate versus growth. And there certainly are parts of the business where we are very satisfied with the margin. And we are actively growing policy count. And then there are other parts of the business where given where rates have gone, workers comp as an example, where there are pockets of the workers comp market where we have no problem whatsoever shedding policy count.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: So I guess my question is, just it looks like any insurance segment, the past three quarters have been underlying loss ratio, pretty steady, kind of 59.5 to 60. It doesn't look like we're really seeing that much positive margin impact from this relationship between rate and loss trend. I was just hoping maybe, if you wanted to just quantify at this juncture, how much is that dynamic? If at all, helping your margins on a quarterly basis?
Rob Berkley: I think that when you say, well, how much, what dynamic is helping our margins on quarterly? I just want to make sure I'm understanding.
Ryan Tunis: I'm sorry, I just mean, so the relationship between earned rate exceeding lost trend, including margins by how much this quarter, relative to a year ago.
Rob Berkley: So I'm trying to think about how I can answer it. Our margins, we believe, the impact of rate increases will become more visible in 2021. I would suggest to you over the past several quarters, obviously, we have had an impact associated with COVID-19, as they've written and I have discussed, and that has been disproportionately weighted towards the insurance segment. So I think if you thought about the insurance segment and do move COVID-19 out, you might see it a little differently. Or if you looked at insurance segment, accident year loss ratio excess, you might see a different picture too.
Ryan Tunis: So Rob in your mind, what impact has COVID had on the attritional loss ratio in insurance in 2020?
Rob Berkley: Well, when you say attritional loss ratio, we view COVID as a cat.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. I'm sorry, I meant how about on the x-cat loss ratio in terms of things in our direct losses. But, whether it's lower frequency of various things versus
Rob Berkley: By and large, as far as benefits stemming from COVID on the frequency front, we have been very reluctant to come off of our loss picks. Yes, maybe we've gotten a little bit of benefit on the physical damage front of auto. But other than that, we are thinking that one needs to be very cautious around reaching its inclusion on the frequency front. And the reason for that is no one really knows for sure when COVID is behind us and the legal system opens back up what the catch up is going to be. So when you look at our loss ratios for the past couple of quarters in the insurance segment, you're seeing the impact of COVID as far as claims that we've had to deal with, but as far as the reduction in frequency, you're seeing a very modest recognition of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley.
Michael Phillips: Rob another one may be on, I guess my question gets to the heart of your need for continued rate versus the industries. And when you say some will be shocked, with frequency and severity things off, you won't be shocked. And you've already [indiscernible], you've spent a lot here with social inflation, and you're concerned, so you've already kind of built things in for that. To take that with the backdrop of an 88 some, core combined, it would appear to be your need for continued to rate is significantly less than the industries. And I guess that the question. And if so, then I assume that bodes well for competitive position for you going forward?
Rob Berkley: Yes. We share your observation that we think we're in a good place. And we've been pushing for race for a while, which is one of the reasons why we probably have a little bit -- we don't have to catch up the way some others did. And as far as our positioning, we think we're in a good place, because we don't have the kind of legacy issues that others may need to deal with. At the same time, we think our margins, not everyplace, but in many places are quite attractive.
Michael Phillips: Okay. I guess when I read your commentary on the press release and you talk about the need for additional rate, I assume you're saying they're more for your peers and for you, is that
Rob Berkley: I think the marketplace needs additional rate, and certainly to the extent that rate is available, we will be taking the rate.
Michael Phillips: I guess it's unrelated question. With the new administration in place, anything you want to share on how you might want to manage potential changes in tax with maybe something in Bermuda or whatever else, anything, you can share them how you thinking about managing that?
Rob Berkley: Obviously, we're conscious that the new administration has likely to be raising taxes in any way it possibly can and corporate taxes are likely a piece of that. We are conscious of that and trying to analyze it. appropriately.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Meyer Shields: Rob, if you can go back to your comments on the difference between rates and premium growth. You mentioned, I guess that exposure units are down, does that itself have any impact on your underwriting results?
Rob Berkley: So just to make sure that we're clear, what I'm suggesting is that the exposure unit may be down, if you will, but the number of policies is up and the rate is up? And does that have an impact on -- an impact on what?
Meyer Shields: And so when you've got that decline in exposure unit or a smaller increase? Does that itself have any impact on any elements of the combined ratio?
Rob Berkley: Well, certainly when we calculate our rate, we think about the number -- the exposure to come up with the rate that we're achieving, right? So what is the impact that how we think about our loss ratio.
Meyer Shields: Okay, understood. The second question, I guess now that we've gone through at least January 1, is it reasonable to expect continued growth in reinsurance either for a property casualty, to be in line with the growth that we saw in 2020? This is on the reinsurance side.
Rob Berkley: None of us know exactly what tomorrow will bring. I think there's clearly more discipline in the reinsurance marketplace than there has been in an extended period of time. Kudos to our colleagues that run our reinsurance businesses for exercising tremendous discipline, which came undoubtedly a great frustration and pain at times, but they did it and they did it very well. And I think as long as we see an attractive market, that team will, people will look to capitalize on it, and they will utilize the shareholders capital when they think they can make a good risk adjusted return. There is nothing that leads me to believe based on everything, I know that the reinsurance market is going to lose momentum in the 2021 year. But, again, no one knows for sure what tomorrow will bring.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Couple of follow up questions. I guess one, can you talk about the sources of COVID losses this quarter?
Rob Berkley: The lion's share of our COVID loss activity as a group has stemmed from event cancellation.
Yaron Kinar: Okay.
Rob Berkley: Not just this quarter, but from inception.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And in this quarter specifically, I'm assuming that from policies that have yet to be renewed in the COVID environment?
Rob Berkley: It is from exposures, it's a whole mishmash. But the biggest piece of what we saw in the quarter related to COVID was, we are constantly looking at the exposure. And as we and one, the biggest testament is, how long is it going to go on or how severe is it going to be? And to what extent are people going to come up with a plan B, as opposed to having to cancel the event, if you will, altogether when it comes to event cancellation? And what we did here, again, for the most part was, we're spending a lot of time trying to look forward, think about how long do we see this going on for? And what adjustments do we need to make to take that into account?
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then, my second question. I know it's in the insurance segment, there's a bit of an increase in seated premiums. Is that just a function of change in business mix or are you actually purchasing more reinsurance dollar for dollar?
Rob Berkley: It's primarily a shift in business mix. And to a certain extent, some reinsurance pricing has gone up. I think one of the things you may likely see as the year goes on, and quite frankly, the reinsurance pricing is firming further, you may see us revisiting what our net retentions are and perhaps keeping more net.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of and Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith: Quick question for you. So if I take a look back at kind of the 2000 through 2004 time period for you all, you had 24 points of this attritional fully combined ratio improvement just as much on a kind of reported. Can you maybe compare and contrast a little bit, today's market versus, back then granted, I understand that rate is not as high as it was back then. But then again, lost trend is not as high as it was back then.
Rob Berkley: Yes. So my take on it, and then, maybe our Chairman, they have a view. But my take on it is that it's not nearly -- it's ugly right now. And it may prove to be uglier than we even realize. But it's not in all likelihood, as ugly as it was in 1999, 2000 and 2001. And there's a general rule of thumb that the farther the pendulum swings in one direction, the farther it will swing back in the other. So I don't think we know for sure how much pain is going to come out of the past several years. I don't think that has fully come into focus for many industry participants, to be perfectly honest. But clearly, so far, there are parts of the market that has firms considerably and there are opportunities from our perspective to make very healthy returns. As it relates to our numbers. I think in the late 90s and into 2001. There are parts of our business that may be drifted a little farther off course. I think it is highly unlikely that you will see that type of circumstance, we are head again.
Bill Berkley: Brian, I think one of the things you need to remember this something else, and that is you're seeing companies report substantial reserve issues and the market is doing ignoring them. Back in the late 90s, early 2000s, when people really had big reserve problems, their stocks and their ability to raise capital that really punished and the cost of raising capital increased dramatically. So the availability of capital was quite different. So, I think that these things take their own lives. But I think if I had to guess the results are worse than we're seeing in a number of cases. And the company who have done a good job will continue to benefit. The companies who have not will suffer more.
Endof Q&A:
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Christine, thank you very much, and thank you to all for dialing in. I think, by virtually any measure, it was a great quarter. And that's really a result of the efforts of the whole team and that's 1000s of people. So we thank them for their efforts on behalf of all stakeholders. And we think again, we are very well positioned and we look forward to the coming years. Have a good evening. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-20 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, except or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: David, thank you very much and thank you all for dialing into our third quarter call. Similar to the past, we also have Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman, on the call on our end; as well as Rich Baio, CFO and Executive Vice President. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past. We're going to ask Rich to start off with some of his thoughts and highlights from the quarter. And then I will follow with a few comments and then we will be opening it up for Q&A. Rich, if you could please.
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Good evening, everyone. The company reported a strong quarter despite the ongoing complexities arising from the global pandemic and the heightened natural catastrophes facing the industry. Our underwriting results improved both on a calendar year basis and even more so on a current accident year basis, excluding catastrophes. Net income for the quarter was $152 million or $0.81 per share, resulting in an annualized return on equity of 10%. Drilling down into the key drivers for the quarter, I'll start with our top-line. Gross premiums written grew by 8.1% in the quarter, despite limited economic growth. Net premiums written grew 7.4% to approximately $1.9 billion in the quarter. The insurance segment increased 6.5% to more than $1.6 billion, primarily driven by most lines of business with the exception of workers' compensation. The growth in the quarter was led by professional liability of 20.7% followed by 17% in commercial automobile, 9.6% in other liability, and 8% in short-tail lines. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment grew by 13.7% to $251 million in the quarter due to an improving market as evidenced by an increase in property reinsurance of 26.6%, monoline excess of 18.9%, and casualty reinsurance of 7.9%. Pre-tax underwriting income of $111 million improved 3.7% despite increased natural catastrophe losses in the quarter. There were an above-average number of windstorms and hurricanes making landfall and West Coast wildfires in the quarter resulting in approximately $73 million or 4.2 loss ratio points impacting our underwriting results. This compares with last year's catastrophe losses of approximately $31 million or 1.9 loss ratio points. The reported loss ratio was 63.7% in the current quarter compared with 62.1% in 2019. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $5 million, or 0.3 loss ratio points in the current quarter. Accordingly, our current accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes, was 59.8% compared with 60.4% a year ago. The improvement is driven by lower claims frequency and non-cat property losses, as well as a change in business mix. The expense ratio was 30% reflecting a decrease of 1.5% compared with the year ago. The improvement in the expense ratio was attributable to the growth in net premiums earned of 4.3% and the reduction in underwriting expenses of 1%. We've already talked about the contributors to the growth in top-line, which will continue to earn through our income statement. The lower underwriting expenses is primarily due to the reduction in travel and entertainment cost due to the global pandemic, which represents a little more than 50 basis points of favorable impact on the expense ratio. The accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes for the quarter, was 89.8% compared with 91.9% for the prior year. Pre-tax underwriting income on a current accident year basis, excluding catastrophes, improved approximately 32.5% to $179 million. On the investment front, net investment income for the quarter was approximately $143 million, primarily reflecting a decline in our fixed maturity portfolio offset by favorable market value movements in our arbitrage trading account. The decline in fixed maturity portfolio is due to a larger cash and cash equivalent position, which we discussed on our second quarter earnings call. Cash and cash equivalents were more than $2.7 billion or approximately 13% of invested assets. And finally, income from investment funds in the quarter returned to a more normalized level. We believe the investment fund managers will be cautious to increase market values in their respective portfolios due to the potential market volatility and uncertainty surrounding the global pandemic. Pre-tax net investment gains in the quarter of $39 million is primarily attributable to an increase in unrealized gains on equity securities and an improvement in the allowance for expected credit losses. Much of the reduction in this allowance was attributable to foreign government securities that were sold at a realized loss in the quarter, effectively creating an offsetting result. Turning to the balance sheet, fixed maturity investment portfolio maintained a high credit quality of AA- and reported additional growth in our after-tax unrealized gains from the second quarter. In addition, the U.S. dollar weakened relative to several foreign currencies resulting in an improvement in our currency translation adjustment, which is a component of stockholders' equity. Stockholders' equity was approximately $6 billion at the end of the quarter, reflecting an increase of approximately $200 million from the second quarter, after dividends and share repurchases of $34 million. Book value per share grew 3.7% in the quarter before dividends and share repurchases. The company had strong cash flow from operations in the quarter of $557 million. The liquidity remained strong at the holding company with more than $1.6 billion in cash and liquid investments. During the quarter, we further managed our capital position through two record low financing transactions for Berkley. First, $170 million, 3.1% effective interest rate 30-year senior note, and second a 40 year subordinated hybrid debt offering of $250 million at a coupon of 4.25%. The use of proceeds in large part has been and will be used to redeem $350 million of our 5.625% subordinated hybrid debt in October. Accordingly, two things for you to consider in your future modeling that will impact our financial statements: the reduced annual pre-tax interest expense of about $3 million and a non-recurring debt extinguishment cost in the fourth quarter of approximately $8.5 million pre-tax. With that, I'll turn it back to Rob. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Obviously a lot there, and we can get into that in the Q&A more detail if people so desire. A couple of thoughts from me. First off, I think it goes without saying, but I'll say it anyways, 2020 clearly a year that the world, the industry, and all of us will not forget anytime soon, and additionally in many respects, a year that hopefully will not be repeated. If COVID-19 wasn't enough, then frequency of severity around cat activity, I certainly think is really testing society. If there is any silver lining in this, from my perspective, perhaps it provides an opportunity for the insurance industry to demonstrate the value that it brings to society. And I would just finish this by saying that, certainly our thoughts are very much with all of those that are directly and indirectly impacted by these circumstances. Turning to a couple of comments about the marketplace. Clearly remains in a time of transition, I would suggest that it is accelerating every day. I would also suggest that it would appear as though there is a significant amount of runway in front of us. We can see this in a variety of different data points that we monitor. We can see it in our submission flow, particularly in our specialty businesses and the extreme would be in our E&S businesses and that flow continues to build significant momentum. Additionally, we can see it in the rates that we are achieving. As referenced in the release, ex workers' comp, we got 14.5 points of rate increase on our renewal book. I can give you a couple of historical data points that we've shared with you in the past, but no sense in having to go back and dig them up. If you go back to Q3 2016, we got 70 basis points of rate increase. If you go to Q3 2017, we got 1.8% rate increase. If you go to Q3 2018, we got 4.1 points of rate increase, Q3 2019, 6.6, and then again as mentioned a moment ago in our release 14.5 in Q3 of 2020. When we look at what is driving this, what is driving the firming of the marketplace with the exception of workers' compensation, those catalysts, from our perspective, if anything, are becoming more acute. As far as workers' compensation goes, as we've discussed over the past few quarters, it is our expectation that that marketplace is more likely than not to begin to firm as we make our way into 2021 or I would suggest some time next year. Turning to some of the underwriting activities for the Group during the period, clearly lots of moving pieces. Rich covered them all in some detail and we can take the conversation wherever folks would like to in the Q&A. I would just flag that the big drivers here is the growth in earned premium. And if you look at our net written, there is good reason to believe that that momentum will build. Hopefully, the world will open up and you will see the short-term benefit that we're getting on the T&E front that will return to a more normalized number, but again that momentum on the expense side stemming from higher earned premium we expect to still have more opportunity as we remain focused on our controllable expenses. Rich gave you a good background on the loss ratio, just a couple of points that I would add on there. Number one is clearly there is an impact stemming from COVID-19 and the shutdown and what that has meant for frequency. It is unclear to what extent that impact is temporary and we will see a surge in claims and a catch-up or whether that is a permanent shift though we expect things will ultimately return to a more normal level. For purposes of our income statement, we have not assumed anything other than we continue to carry things by and large at the loss ratio we used at the beginning of the year. To that end, point number two that I would like to flag. The loss ratios that we selected at the beginning of the year assume that we would not be outpacing loss cost trend by the level that we are. The rate increases that we have been getting throughout the year by and large are above and beyond what we had anticipated. But again, given the uncertainty around loss cost trend and specifically social inflation, we have deliberately decided to take a wait and see attitude. Switching over to the investment front, as we have discussed in the past, it's no different than what we do on the underwriting side. We start with a view towards risk adjusted return. As Rich mentioned, our duration is relatively short at the 2.3 years and that is a conscious decision. That decision clearly comes at a cost, but we think it is appropriate and manageable cost. It is our view at some point in the not too distant future, though not tomorrow, you will see likely interest rates begin to move up. And at that moment in time those that reach too far out on the yield curve, you will likely see a reduction in book value because of the leverage that exists in the slight movements and interest rates moving up on the value of those bonds. No different than what we've done with the alternative portfolio. There are certain investments that we have made that have not given us great investment returns from an operating perspective. But it is our view that we are focused on total risk adjusted return for shareholders and because of our long-term view, we are willing to forego some ordinary regular investment income in order to create that additional value. When we look out at the marketplace, again from our perspective, there is a lot of runway once again in front of us. We are encouraged by where the market is, and even more so where it is going. And from our perspective, the circumstance that we see today and expect tomorrow will only benefit more with a recovering economy, which we anticipate will hopefully be the case over the coming quarters. So let me pause there, and David, if we could please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Mike, good afternoon. Thanks for calling in.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, of course, good afternoon. I guess the first question is going to be on expense ratio, which I know, I think, sometimes I speak to investors, I think it's kind of boring, but I was kind of looking back at the last year or so at underwriting income versus consensus expectations, and it seems like most of that would be  a good amount of that has been on the expense ratio, especially this quarter. How much of the improvement do you feel is kind of structural directionally and kind of more sustainable versus somewhat cyclical and could it kind of ebb and flow during the next soft market whenever that is probably not for a while clearly. Directionally, do you think that you can build upon the current below the 30% threshold like, I guess, I'm trying to figure out?
Rob Berkley: Well, it certainly is our goal to be able to push through 30%, but I think that the big opportunity there is yes, efficiency, but even more so scale. One of the things that you need to remember is that or keep in mind is that the vast majority of the businesses in this group are businesses that have started from scratch and oftentimes because they operate with such outstanding underwriting discipline, once they get started, they may not be able to achieve scale. But as you come into market conditions that allow you to scale, that allows you to leverage those fixed expenses. So long story short, I think the improvements that we are seeing on the expense ratio putting aside those that are related to COVID on the T&E front, I think those are real and we are very focused on not just maintaining them but continuing to build upon them.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. I guess, next question, Rob, I think last quarter and this quarter, you talked about there being some benefit as a result of slow down, I believe in claims activity during COVID. I think you keep reminding us here that you are not -- short-tail lines are taking some of the credit, but not for the long-tail lines. Any quantification or color you wanted to kind of give us and try to think about how much of the loss ratio improvement might be driven by temporary factors and understanding that there might be more benefit if you are being  if your assumptions prove conservative?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the position that we're taking is that it would be premature to reach a conclusion. There may be, if you look at our mix of business, the vast majority of what we do has some tail to it. So, again it's a very modest amount of our short-tail business, very short-tail business that we would be willing to reach a conclusion on. So from our perspective, we need to take a wait and see attitude to make sure that this is not just a temporary phenomenon where things will swing back and then some. And as we've been talking about even pre-COVID, we're sensitive to social inflation. So, I think we are being thoughtful and measured. And I think over time, we will get more clarity and obviously once that becomes available, that will be shared with you and others.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. Last question is on investment income. You've been clear that you're willing to take some pain in the expectation of interest rates eventually moving higher. Berkley clearly has one of the best track record in the entire industry from an investment income perspective. So, I'm just curious, is this a stance you've taken in the past in terms of it seems kind of somewhat of above that or is there, is there kind of a line in the sand where you can only take so much of a bet in terms of rates moving higher and thanks you are going to put some more of the money to work. So just curious if it is causing our estimates to kind of move lower pretty materially as the whole industry is, but even more so on the investment income front?
Rob Berkley: Yes, well well share the observation, and I would tell you that it is a deliberate decision. We do have a view as to what the threshold is of short-term pain that we are prepared to live with in order to make sure that we preserve the long-term optionality. And at this stage, it's something that we grapple with every day, but from our perspective, if you think about specifically the fixed income portfolio, the price that we are paying to maintain the position we are in is not inconsequential, but it pales in comparison to the cost if you see rates move up a relatively modest sum and what that would mean for book value.
Mike Zaremski: And as a follow-up, is there any  do you feel that theres more opportunities or better harvesting or is it a tougher environment on the alternative side, maybe there is things going on the alternative side that we should be thinking about in terms of your view in the current situation we're in?
Rob Berkley: I think that the world is awash in capital, and there is a lot of money chasing a certain number of opportunities, and I think you see that in virtually every asset class. Fortunately, for us as an organization, we have some very capable people that manage the investment portfolio and in spite of how challenging the environment is we continue to find opportunities for the shareholders. That having been said, sometimes it's lumpy; and that having been said, sometimes maybe you look a little bit foolish today, but maybe you don't look so foolish down the road. And that is a reality that we've had to accept both on the underwriting side, and we're prepared to accept on the investment side of the business too. Again, we are focused on risk adjusted return and we do not run the business just for the next quarter.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good afternoon. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess my first question, Bob goes to your comment about, I'm seeing great swelling in excessive loss trends today but figuring cautiously on the timing of the release, just given the uncertainty in the landscape. I guess my question to some degree there is always some uncertainty out there and I realize that today, there may be elevated uncertainty. But can you maybe talk through kind of your thoughts of what level of uncertainty is acceptable, at what point you feel more confident in releasing this rate over trend as opposed to where we are today? Not that I'm looking for a specific date, but just want to conceptually understand that level of uncertainty that is comfortable?
Rob Berkley: So, I don't have a scale or a perfect barometer to be able to point you towards. What I can tell you is that we look at a very granular level by operating in the group, by product line, by year on a very regular basis, and we think about the risks, we think about the visibility, and we think about how we view the margins. So, I would tell you that with every passing day, we have more visibility. But we are not going to declare victory prematurely. We still need to see these things seasonally. The average duration of our reserves is give or take, around four years and there is a lot of distance between the time that you cite the policy and the time where you have clarity around the outcome. So in addition to that, there is a lot of uncertainty as you pointed out, and I agree with in the world and again, we are just taking it one step at a time. At the same time, as I suggested it in, I think you picked up on, if things play out as they would appear to at first blush at this stage it is there is a possibility that there is more margin in the business and is coming through in our financial statements at this time, but again there is a lot of distance between here and when we have clarity. But every day we have a bit more.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And with this slow increase in clarity over time, should one think of the release of that pent-up margin has a slow relief as you get more and more comfortable or do you think that one day you cross a certain threshold and we just see a step down in the loss picks?
Rob Berkley: No, I don't think you should expect that one day there will all of a sudden be a dam that breaks. We respond to the information incrementally as it becomes available. So from my perspective, there is a growing amount of evidence that you will see our picks coming down both in the prior year and the current year, possibly in the future. But again, we are not going to go too early.
Yaron Kinar: Okay and then my second question on COVID. Can you maybe talk about any puts and takes that you saw in the loss ratio, this quarter whether good or bad?
Rob Berkley: Generally speaking, the number that we put up for COVID, we remain comfortable with. But just as a reminder, we contemplated that things would be getting resolved, give or take by the end of the year to the extent that things are not getting resolved. Then we'll have to see what actions we may need to take along those lines. But as far as specifics, there are certain pockets where things have proven to be more challenging and there are certain pockets where they've proven to be less challenging.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you.
Rob Berkley: You are welcome. Thank you for calling in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. I want to go back to what I heard Rich say about mix. So clearly loss ratios are improving year-over-year, they have been for the past couple of quarters. Again, you're being conservative. Is there a mixture, I mean you mentioned that mix was one of the contributors there? Would there have been less margin expansion if we weren't talking about mix.
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that we have a view that we are not in business  issue insurance policies as my boss says we're in business to make money. And you can see from Rich's comments which highlighted the byline growth or not there are certain parts of the portfolio that are growing and growing considerably and there is one part of the portfolio that being workers' compensation that is shrinking notably. We look to deploy capital where we think the margins are and we are prepared to shrink the business where we think we can make an appropriate risk adjusted return. So workers' compensation rates have been coming down for a few years and at some point, they get to a level where we say we're done. And as you can see that our workers' comp product line has been shrinking considerably, both for the quarter and year-to-date. So there are other parts of the business where we like the margins a lot and we are benefiting from available rate increases in the marketplace and we are growing that part of the business considerably. And I think you should expect us to continue to do that and if the economy opens up a bit, you're going to see the growth rate go from high single digits to something considerably above that.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And just an observation of Berkley initial annuities Rob, I think relative to the other underwriters consensus is assuming relatively flat accident year loss ratios 2021 versus 2020. In your view what would need to go wrong or what would need to happen for that consensus view to turn out to be correct, no margin improvement next year?
Rob Berkley: Look, I think if it turns out that we grossly mis-assessed our loss cost, then it would prove that maybe we have an issue, but as I suggested from my perspective and again, I don't have perfect clarity, but the data points that I look at would suggest that there is good reason to believe given the rates that we are achieving that margins are improving and will continue to because you got to remember the rate increases that are coming through on an earned basis continue to trail the higher rate increases that we are getting on a written basis. And I think by anyone's measure, the rate increases that we are and have been getting for an extended period of time in all likelihood will prove to outpace almost anyone's assumption of loss cost trend.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. I think the last one I wanted to ask about was, I saw the press report on the London building and I know you guys own a lot of buildings. But could you give us some sense of where that property is held on the books? And if there is a potentially a broader strategy, you guys are considering in terms of monetizing some of those real estate assets held for sale on?
Rob Berkley: So as far as the value that we carried out, if you want to give Karen or Rich a call, they can point you toward our statutory statements and where that is public information. As far as just our view about really any particular piece of real estate, the real estate portfolio in general, the alternative portfolio and the portfolio overall, we have a pretty good size investment portfolio and that's the vast majority of what's in it is something that is available to be purchased if the price is right. So again, from our perspective that's really how we think about all of the assets that belongs to the shareholders.
Ryan Tunis: What do you think that real estate portfolio might be worth?
Rob Berkley: A lot.
Ryan Tunis: I know you guys have talked about this in the past. So it's marked like $2.2 billion twice that?
Rob Berkley: I think as we've commented in the past, we think that the Group's stated book value is understated and a lot of that we can thank the accountant for, but the fact of the matter is that our view is that we have a lot of assets that are on the book that are worth more than they are carried at. And just generally speaking, we don't get into specific conversations about a specific asset as to what it's worth or anything else around it.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. So there are two small questions, first if I can and then bigger pictures last. I guess the question first, talk about the tax rate in the quarter. Are they on net pre-tax or operating?
Rich Baio: Yes, I am absolutely. So the effective tax rate is elevated from where we have seen that historically in the quarter. It was about little over 26%. And that really was attributable to where the losses that are emerging with regards to COVID-19 and to that extent, our ability to utilize the losses currently or not. And at this point in time, we've taken a conservative position with regards to not recognizing a tax benefit with regards to those losses in the foreign jurisdiction. But we do plan to recognize though is, at some point even if we need to put in place some planning strategies.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's very helpful. I was hoping you could talk through the, I guess negative catastrophe losses in the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment?
Rob Berkley: Sorry, could you repeat that?
Meyer Shields: Yes, I'm sorry. The negative catastrophe losses reported in Monoline Excess & Reinsurance?
Rob Berkley: Richie, you want to cover this?
Rich Baio: Sure. Absolutely. So when we established our COVID-19 reserves, we had established IBNR as you can imagine and anticipated where we thought that IBNR would emerge as a result of further information coming through in the third quarter, we concluded that that some of the IBNR that we had allocated to the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment would need to be reclassified to the Insurance segment. And as a result of that that's what's giving rise to a small amount of negative catastrophe losses in the third quarter.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. And then...
Rob Berkley: If I can just  sorry, just to add onto Richard's comments so as he just highlighted. So the aggregate number didn't change at this stage we just shifted from one bucket to another.
Meyer Shields: Correct. No, that's helpful. We've talked a lot about the accident year 2020 picks in light of lower claims frequency. Can you talk about the application of trend to prior years? In other words, do we see the same directional conservatism in the reserve reviews that are ongoing now? Is there any change in the observed development of past year losses?
Rob Berkley: From our perspective, we are seeing  from our perspective we are taking a wait and see attitude, both on the current year and the prior years as well by and large.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood.
Rob Berkley: We are very sensitive to the  as we've discussed social inflation and the legal environment and we think that there is a lot of uncertainty around that. So the more recent past that we've seen these rate increases that are significantly outpacing loss cost trend in our market.
Meyer Shields: Great. Thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Phil Stefano: Yes, thanks, good afternoon. There has been a clear focus on the pricing side of the house and the impact to the underlying margins. I guess can you refresh us on your outlook for loss cost, has this changed over the past three, six, 12 months. I mean, understood, there is a level of conservatism in this and not trying to take forward the frequency or the pricing momentum we've seen as of late but has anything in the loss cost tea leaves changed?
Rob Berkley: Not from our perspective, I think for many quarters at this stage it  we think it is more likely than not that we are outpacing loss cost trend by several hundred basis points.
Phil Stefano: Okay.
Rob Berkley: We can prove it. Yes.
Phil Stefano: No, understood, understood. And when I look at the line like commercial auto, I mean clearly, it feels like there has been an inflection in the appetite for this business. And you had talked about in the earlier question about workers' compensation and then and it's fallen below the line. I mean, is there a line in the sand where these businesses are viewed as profitably or unprofitably that you ratchet up or ratchet down significantly? Or is there a trend that you think about the slowing the business or growing the business, as you approach that line?
Rob Berkley: So the answer is both. And what I mean by that is we have a view as to what is an acceptable loss ratio, which really stems from an acceptable risk adjusted return. And obviously that that the market doesn't just flip one to another overnight. It's a gradual erosion or a gradual acceleration typically, that is sometimes faster than others. So but when we will look at the workers comp market, we've observed it getting more and more competitive for not just some number of quarters, a few years now. And at some point that reaches the point that you say, I'm not willing to pay anymore. Same thing has happened with other product lines. There was a moment in time I think just going back a couple of years where we took that position with commercial auto. And again, that's why you see comp shrinking the way it has been this year. I expect that it is likely and certainly hoping that next year, you will start to see the workers' comp market generally speaking bottom out and start to move back in the other direction. So one of the things that has changed at least over the time that I've been working in the industry is once upon a time, by and large, at least in the commercial line space the marketplace across product lines marched somewhat in lockstep. I think the fundamentals of a cyclical business is still alive and well in the commercial lines marketplace but major product lines do not march in lockstep anymore and I would suggest that workers comp would be perhaps an example of that today.
Phil Stefano: Okay. And the last one and I don't want to get into a political conversation but any thoughts around the potential for a change in the corporate tax rate in the U.S. and the extent to which maybe that it serves as another boost to pricing or at least the competitive impacts that might have for you?
Rob Berkley: Well, the good news is that our lead political expertise in the Group is on the call as well. So I'm going to turn it over to him for that.
Bill Berkley: You know when you get old enough they turn you over to politics; we could see that in the candidates. But I think that the reality of tax rates clearly, our tax rate is going to change if we have a Democratic President and Democratic Legislature and I think that's just part of part of the life is, no different than we will likely to see some inflation of higher interest rates, which has both benefits and detriments. I think it's just part of this where we are in and we have to adjust to it. Fortunately, we do our best when we look at our risk-adjusted return to keep as much flexibility as we can, and it will be more on municipal bonds as will other creative securities try to optimize returns given those changes.
Rob Berkley: Is there anything else?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Brian. Good afternoon.
Brian Meredith: Afternoon. A couple of quick ones here. First, just a quick one; any impact of FX on topline in this quarter?
Rob Berkley: Richie, do you have that?
Rich Baio: Yes, I do. It was a little over 1% impact.
Brian Meredith: So net positive?
Rich Baio: No, it was a negative. The U.S. dollar  yes, the U.S. dollar weakened on a relative basis to a number of currencies in the quarter.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Great. And the second question, Rob, just curious if I take a look at your insurance written premium growth in the quarter and let's trip out workers' comp, given the implied rate that you're getting right now it appear that you're either cutting back on business still or exposures are still a headwind. Is that true, and by how much is that happening right now and that's hurting growth?
Rob Berkley: So clearly, we continue to be impacted Brian, the broader economic circumstances both we faced domestically, as well as outside of the U.S., so I would tell you, the third quarter was a lot easier than the second quarter by quite a margin. Policy count is less where the story is and it's more about insurance businesses just see they are having shrunk and we can see that in the initial premium estimates as well as the other premiums. So is there an impact on policy count? Yes, but it's very, very modest. It's more just about the scale and as a reminder, putting comp aside on the payroll, a lot of what we insurer is off of receipts or revenue.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. So that's a potential other kind of tailwind here we could see going into next year as the economy...
Rob Berkley: Yes. Absolutely. I mean, my expectation is, assuming that the economy is able to open up even at a gradual pace; you are going to see that have a meaningful impact on our topline.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then my last one, I know you briefly touched upon it in the beginning on the expense side, but I'm just curious with this reduction in T&E, are you finding that some of this could be kind of permit I mean, I heard from other companies that productivity is actually up quite a bit without some of the T&E that's going on right now, how much of this do you think is potentially sustainable and how you're thinking about that?
Rob Berkley: So the answer is that we are actively discussing it internally and our colleagues that run the operating units are very focused on it. And at the same time, from our perspective while we are pleased with the savings over the 50 basis points to 60 basis points in the scheme of how we are going to capitalize on the opportunities in front of us, we care about that, but that's not where the leverage is.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, good evening, everyone. How are you all?
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh, good afternoon. Good evening.
Joshua Shanker: Thanks for taking my question.
Rob Berkley: Sure.
Joshua Shanker: So I'd like to talk about the states in two regards. One is, you talked about, you're not willing to take too much rate cuts in workers' comp before it comes unattractive. Can you talk about how it's different depending on which state you're in and the regulatory regimes and whether or not you have the flexibility to dictate your own future in some states, while other states, the regulatory regime makes it harder for you to want to stick around?
Rob Berkley: Well look, clearly each state has its own rating bureaus by and large, and in some cases you have insurance commissioners that are more involved and in other states insurance commissioners that are less involved. From our perspective, the workers' comp marketplace is not sort of one and the same, to your point, as shared with you that it varies quite a bit by region and undoubtedly, there are certain parts of the market where we've gotten to the point where we are not satisfied with the margins. And we are prepared to let the business go away, and there are other parts of the marketplace or other territories where in spite of the reduction in rate, we still think that the margins are acceptable. But clearly, it does to your point vary by territory and even within a certain territory; it varies by exposure within that territory.
Joshua Shanker: And so you could stick around some states and other states, you might leave depending on what the rate environment is I guess?
Rob Berkley: We don't leave any states just to be clear, Josh, I'm sorry, I should have been more clear before. We are in the market every day at a rate that we think is appropriate for the risk that we're taking on. And the market moves away from us and sometimes not sometimes and then oftentimes as people change their appetite, the market will move back to us, the cyclical nature of the business. But I wouldn't want you to think for a second that we would drop from markets, we actually are focused on being responsible, so we can offer continuity to the marketplace, as opposed to being irresponsible and then having to respond in a irrational manner.
Joshua Shanker: Appreciate it. And then the Chief Political Scientist made a comment about tax rates and the willingness to buy more munis, by means of helping the task condition of the company. Can you talk a little bit about, you know the federal budget, the lack of sort of progress on us and then aid for the states and whether or not we need to be concerned about the municipal budgets for pensions and whatnot in the purchasing of munis?
Rob Berkley: Well, that advisor is still here and I think he has strong views on the topic. So I'm not going to get in the way of that.
Bill Berkley: I mean in anything we do, having to do with politics at the moment is highly uncertain and unpredictable, but for the most part, the vast majority of governments have behaved responsibly in municipal bonds. And I think that there certainly are some states that one we concerned about  for the most part of municipal bonds have proved to be a good investments and one can rely on that is not the world we're living in now. So we sit and look at it, every day is a new game, you look and you measure and you are trying to care for, we've been a cautious investor for an extended period of time.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you for the answers. Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley.
Rob Berkley: Okay, David, thank you very much for hosting us and thank you all for calling in. Hopefully you come away from the call recognizing at least what we were suggesting that when we look out ahead, it's very encouraging. We think there is opportunity for margins to improve from here. We think there is opportunity for growth. And I think there is a clear line from where we are to that happening. So thank you again, and we will talk to you in 90 days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects and estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Chantel, and good afternoon all. Thank you for joining us for our Q2 call. We have on the phone in addition to myself Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar format to what we've done in the past. Richard is going to lead us through a summary around the numbers and the performance in the quarter. I am then going to offer a couple of thoughts on the heels of his comments. And then, we'll be opening it up for questions. So with that, Rich if you want to get us started, please.
Rich Baio: Absolutely. Thanks, Rob. Starting with our premium production, gross premiums written grew 2% to more than $2.1 billion despite a shrinking economy arising from the global pandemic. The growth was driven by an overall rate improvement and a comparable historic premium renewal retention ratio that Rob will be discussing shortly. Offsetting this improvement is a decline in exposures from the economic downturn as well as the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against certain foreign currencies. Net premiums written of approximately $1.7 billion was relatively unchanged from the prior year's quarter. The insurance segment decreased 2% to approximately $1.5 billion, primarily due to reduced exposure and rate decline in workers compensation, as well as higher reinsurance reinstatement premiums. The reinsurance and monoline excess segment grew 16.5% to about $200 million in the quarter relating to improving markets. Pre-tax underwriting income of $23 million was adversely impacted in the quarter due to approximately $86 million of COVID-19 related losses. This compares with $100 million for the prior year underwriting income. In addition, we reported approximately $20 million of catastrophe losses for civil unrest and $40 million for severe weather-related losses. This brought our total catastrophe losses to approximately $146 million in the quarter or 8.7 loss ratio points. COVID-19 related losses represented 5.1 of these loss ratio points. The reported loss ratio was 67.7% in the current quarter, compared with 62.4% in 2019. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $3 million, or 0.2 loss ratio points in the current quarter. Accordingly our current accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes was 59.2% compared with 61.4% a year ago, the improvement is driven by lower non-cat property losses and the change in business mix. The expense ratio was 31% reflecting a decrease of 0.5% compared with a year ago and the 2019 full year. As we've seen over the recent quarters, the growth in net premiums earned has outpaced the growth in underwriting expenses which has favorably impacted the expense ratio. In addition, due to the global pandemic expenses are considerably lower in travel and entertainment resulting in relatively flat underwriting expenses in dollar terms quarter-over-quarter. To this end, the impact from COVID-19 may cause some variability in our expense ratio attributable to normalized operating costs and investments we make in the business. The accident year combined ratio excluding catastrophes and COVID-19 for 2020 was 90.2% compared with 92.9% for the prior year. Net investment income decreased to $85 million primarily due to investment funds. As we mentioned last quarter, the net investment income for investment funds did not reflect the turmoil in the financial market due to the one quarter lag. Accordingly, we are recognizing the effects of the downturn in our second quarter results which amounted to a loss of $58 million. This decrease was evident in the energy, financial services and transportation funds. We understand that for modeling purposes you may want some direction regarding net investment income for investment funds in the third quarter. We have not received any estimates yet from the investment fund managers and accordingly are unable to provide any guidance at this time. In addition, a combination of the low interest rate environment and the defensive position we have taken to enhance our liquidity and shorten our duration to 2.4 years has resulted in lower net investment income in the current quarter for fixed maturity securities. You will note that our cash and cash equivalent position has increased to almost $2.7 billion as of second quarter end or 13% of net invested assets. We believe this is prudent given the uncertainty in the financial markets and the economy. The fixed maturity investment portfolio including cash and cash equivalents maintained a high credit quality of AA minus and reported a significant recovery in after tax unrealized gains in the quarter. From the first quarter of 2020, the total after tax unrealized gain in stockholders equity improved from an after tax unrealized loss of $110 million to an after tax unrealized gain of $209 million. Pre tax net investment gains in the quarter of $78 million primarily attributable to the change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $62 million and a reduction in the allowance for expected credit losses on investments of $16 million. The change in fair value on equity securities is largely driven by Fannie & Freddie preferred stock. The favorable change in the allowance for expected credit losses is driven by the improved prices on foreign government bonds. Our net income in the quarter is $71 million or $0.38 per share. Stockholders equity was approximately $5.8 billion at the end of the quarter, an increase of more than $300 million after share repurchases and dividends of $117 million. The company repurchased approximately 2 million shares for $96 million at an average price per share of $49.29. As a result book value per share increased 7.7% before share repurchases and dividends. The company had strong cash flow from operations in the quarter of $427 million, which benefited under the CARE Act from the deferral of tax payments until July 15. The liquidity is strong at the holding company with more than $1.5 billion in cash and liquid investments. At this point, I'll turn it back to Rob. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Rich. That was great. So a couple of quick comments from me, clearly a challenging moment for all of us on many different levels, everyone is appropriately very focused on COVID-19. Having said that, I think we're all struggling with the reality that there are more questions than there are answers hopefully that will not be the case in the future. Hopefully the behavior of many people will change and that will help us bring the situation more under control and hopefully a pharmaceutical solution is not too far in the distance. Having said that, while again COVID-19 is the topic de jure, I think it's important that we not lose sight of some of the other realities or factors that are impacting the industry and by extension, our business. If one thinks back to last year, there was a growing groundswell of a firming market, you could probably see it before 2019 but during '19, it very much came into focus. We saw it accelerate throughout the year and we saw it continue to accelerate into 2020, very evident in Q1. The evidence of this was demonstrated at least in part by business leaving the standard market making its way to the specialty market and in particular, the E&S market. We saw rate increases that we as an industry have not seen in some number of years. And we could see a reduction in capacity that various carriers were offering. All of these things were being driven in our opinion by two major factors. One being a low interest rate environment and the knock-on effect for what that means for investment income. And number two last cost trend, in part driven to actually to a great extent driven by social inflation, which have been benign for an extended period of time, and then, in our opinion, crept up on the industry when it was least expecting it and it has proven to be much more of an issue. These drivers that I just referenced remain alive and well. And quite frankly, I would suggest if you thought during 2019, interest rates were low, then you must think that they are really low today. And it's in 2019, you are worrying about last cost trend and social inflation, then you probably should be worrying more about it today than you were then. One needs to be careful that the current circumstance stemming from COVID-19 does not overshadow the underlying issues that are driving last cost trend, because we expect that this will just be a brief hiatus. Today, we continue to see business exiting the standard lines making its way to the E&S market and the specialty market overall. We continue to see a reduction in capacity being offered. And we certainly seeing the leverage moving back towards those that are selling the product and in part we're seeing that demonstrated by the rate increases that are coming through. And as we referenced in our release, we've got 13 points of rate in the quarter. It's worth noting that the rate increases change through without a renewal retention ratio coming unfastened, a renewal retention ratio continues to be consistent with what it's been for not just many quarters, but many years that are hovering between, I would say approximately 80%. In addition to that, another data point that we've shared with you all in the past is our new business relativity metric, where we measured the rate that we are getting our new business compared to our renewal business. For the quarter, it came in at 1.084%. What does that mean? That means we are getting 8.4% more rate on new business than our renewal business. And that is something that we look for and expect because you know more about your renewal book than new business. These factors have allowed us to maintain a top-line, while we have not been able to grow at the same rate that we did in Q1 or that when we were doing our planning we thought we would be growing in Q2, we were still able to maintain a top line. And in addition to that, I would add that when we do see an economy that begins to open up again and recover, which hopefully is in the foreseeable future, it is likely that that will have a very meaningful positive effect on our top line, when you combine growth in the overall economy, with what we're able to achieve on the rate front, along with business, making its way into the specialty market. Let me give you a little more granularity on a couple of lines of business and how we see the pricing and the competitive nature. I think as it's widely understood the property market rates continue to move up. The larger the account generally speaking, the more the rates are moving up. Similar story on the [GL] [ph] front, I would tell you that the excess and umbrella market very much stands out. And quite frankly, both of these product lines need the raise that they are getting and probably more. Professional liability, it's a very broad spectrum. I would tell you virtually all components of the professional space we are seeing rates moving up. Public D&O particularly on the large account has continues to stand out. And we've gotten to the point where we're getting rate on rate in a meaningful way. And I, again, would suggest that the industry needs every last penny. As it relates to workers compensation which has been marching to the beat of its own drum, most other commercial lines products, we have been seeing some level of rate for some number of quarters, comp has been moving in a different direction. We are seeing early signs that workers compensation pricing may be in the early stages of bottoming out and I would not be surprised as we make our way into 2021, if you started to see a change in trend and rates actually start to move up at some point next year. Lastly, the reinsurance market, clearly has been waiting, give or take, I don't know, call it a decade and a half for perhaps the moment that is upon us. Things are firming, we'll have to see how much discipline really returns to that market. As we see that discipline, return, you will see us grow our reinsurance division more and more and certainly it may have an impact on how much business we choose to cede to the marketplace. Rich did a nice job as always covering the loss ratio, I just want to tack on a couple of quick observations around that. One, as it relates to COVID, the number both that we put aside for COVID in Q1 and now in Q2, when you total that up approximately 75% is sitting in IBNR, or approximately one quarter is either paid or case with the lion's share of it available for incurred but not reported. I'd also make the comment around a topic that has been widely discussed. And that is, what is the impact, at least in the short run of COVID-19 on loss activity. I don't think anyone knows with certainty what it is going to be when the dust settles. But certainly without a doubt there are product lines that have found themselves in a situation where frequency is considerably down, shouldn't be a surprise to any of us, given people sheltering in place and the slowdown in the economy. Having said that, it is our expectation that when the economy opens back up, you will see frequency return to a more normal level. I should also mention on this front, as a result of what we're seeing with frequency, our actual versus expected continues to run more benign, or the actual has proven to be less than the expected as far as loss activity in many lines. Most of those lines are longer tail in nature. Few are shorter tail, shorter tail, for example, auto physical damage, or property as Rich referenced in his comments. The lion's share of our business is on design loss ratios. So even when we have a reduction in loss activities, specifically stemming from a reduction in frequency that is not reflected in our reported numbers because we again, buck the business on a design loss ratio, which we hold for some period of time as those reserves season out. Pivoting over to the expenses, Rich covered this well, I would just offer the observation. As far as the expense ratio benefiting in the quarter, I would tell you that give or take probably 75% of the improvement comes from higher earned premium with the balance coming from we just don't have people getting on trains, buses, planes, or staying in hotels, and obviously there's some savings associated with that. My opinion is that it's fair to assume that the company continues and the normalized number running somewhere between 31 and 32. I'm not going to belabor the discussion around the investment portfolio again, Rich covered that but would offer a couple of thoughts briefly. The investment portfolio is something that we view very clearly through a lens that we think about as risk adjusted return. There is a huge amount of uncertainty in the world today. And from our perspective, we have reached the conclusion I should say that it is better to take a defensive posture. We have had a duration that has been shortening for some period of time. And we have quite frankly not seen much of a reason given where rates are to take that back out, while there is a limit. And as far as quality goes, we have gone from what I would define as a moderate AA minus to a very strong AA. I was chatting with a colleague earlier today, half of our portfolio can get reduced by a notch and we will remain a AA minus. I think this brings us to one last point that I'd like to make and then I promise we'll get on to your questions. When we think about the business, including the investment portfolio, we think about it as owners. We don't think about it as people that collect a paycheck every two weeks. We think about it with a long-term view and a sense of obligation and commitment as if we as a team 6500 of us own this business. We think about risk adjusted return. We think about the uncertainties that are in the world. And we have made an active decision that this is a moment that we are willing to pay the price for taking a defensive posture and for having flexibility given the unknown. So let me pause there and Chantel if we could please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank Your line is open.
Phil Stefano: I guess the attritional loss ratio particularly on the insurance business side, felt like it had a nice improvement. In my mind, part of the rationale may have been this lower frequency that we've seen on the heels of the economic slowdown given COVID. And it seems like Rob in your prepared remarks that wasn't the case.
Rob Berkley: The way I would characterize is that there certainly was some benefit as a result of the slowdown. But please again understand that much of the difference in actual versus expected or thing or the reduction in frequency does not come through in our reported numbers. So you will see the impact on the auto physical damage front of fewer cars, trucks, et cetera on the road. But you're not going to see that on the auto liability. You will see that again on the property, but you're not going to see that on the comp or the GL et cetera. So in Rich's comments he referenced the one of the contributing factors was non-cat property. And it was, quite frankly, in my opinion, there are a couple of different reasons within the non-cat property that we have this result, one of them has to do with some re underwriting that we've been doing over some period of time. And that has come through.
Phil Stefano: Is there any way you can help us kind of conceptualize the frequency benefit versus price versus trends? And I think the third metric that you'd mentioned was mix of business.
Rob Berkley: So I would tell you that there are a couple of things at work here. First of all, I think we all have a sense that frequency for many product lines is down considerably given the environment. Number two, I think the other piece that should not go unnoticed is that the rate increases that we have been getting for some period of time now that are no longer just on a written basis, but are hitting our earned are meaningful. And I think if you look at our mix of business, which we disclose and lots of public information and you can get a bit of a glimpse into that in the release, I forget which page it is, but where we show the mix of business, you can see the different product lines and how much of our portfolio would fall under shorter tail products where that would be coming through in our P&L now versus longer tail that would be on a design loss ratio, where you would not see an impact of any consequence on a reported basis.
Phil Stefano: Got it. Okay. And just one more for me, it felt like if we think back a couple years ago, interest rates were heading lower, there was reinvestment pressures for the portfolios. They didn't have an impact of pricing. Does it feel like reinvestment rates -- as something changed as rates just dropped below a point where they are now a lever to pricing, I guess?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think clearly rates are notably lower now than they were after the financial crisis or the great recession or whatever you'd like to label it. They're extraordinarily low. In addition to that, we clearly have a Federal Reserve and counterparts around the world that seem very determined to manage interest rates for at least a moment, at least as long as they can. And finally, you got to remember that an insurance company, ultimately it takes time for that book yield to come down as the new money gets invested at lower rates. So from my perspective, I think we're hitting new lows as far as interest rates, and I think ultimately it will take a little bit of time, but we're starting to see the early stages of it actually having an impact where it's going to hit investment income but that takes time because it's the new money.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Mike Zaremski: First question regarding the COVID related losses, and I appreciate the stat on 75% IBNR. Just curious if there's any more color, you can offer on the newly available information or legal developments that arose, so we can kind of better understand whether there's potential for that to persist in a meaningful way in the back half of the year.
Rob Berkley: So the work that that we have done and obviously we're in a much better position to try and get our arms around it now than we were when we're talking to you give or take 90 days ago. But given the work we have done by and large, we are assuming that this is going to be more under control by call at the end of this year or early next year. And as far as the activity, again, there hasn't been a huge amount there's not a lot paid or for that matter in case reserves, the lion's share of it is just sitting there in IBNR and it's just our best estimates as to what we think the impact could be. From our perspective so far workers compensation has not proven to be a big issue and neither has casualty. The challenge has more been in the shorter tail lines. And probably some I don't have the numbers in front of me. But I would say that the biggest component of that is event cancellation.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood that's helpful. Moving to the top line growth conversation, it feels like what you're trying to say is that, clearly your fortunes will be tied to the economy -- hopefully the economy improves. Although there seems to be some other variables comp declined by 20% year-over-year. So anything else we should be thinking about in terms of 2Q being the nadir versus ongoing choppiness?
Rob Berkley: Yes. So the way we think about it is that the opportunity to make sure that we have rate adequacy continues to be there. And you can see that in the rate that we are getting. We are an underwriting shop and rate adequacy is the be all and end all when we see it in certain product lines where the rate is not what we think it needs to be, i.e., in certain parts of the workers comp market we're prepared to let the business go with the understanding it'll be back someday when we find the rates to be more acceptable. The broad point that I was trying to suggest earlier in the call was, we are able to maintain our top line because we're seeing the flow of business coming into the specialty E&S market. We're able to maintain our top line because we are getting meaningful rate increases. And in spite of the challenges that everyone faces, including us, none of us are completely insulated from what's going on in the economy and society in general. Those factors are helping to offset those challenges. And in addition to that, if you subscribe as we do that this will be over time brought under control, a lot of the fundamentals will remain in place, the economy will recover and that is likely to bode very well for how this business could grow, in addition to that, what it may mean for margins.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Understood. And I guess finally, we saw that you continued to buy back some stock during the quarter. Any thoughts on stocks somewhat recovered? Any thoughts on whether you still view the stock as being attractive from a buyback perspective?
Rob Berkley: So, I appreciate the question, but you know, we're not going to answer that the way you want us to. But I'm happy to pause. My boss is on the phone. He is the one who is more focused on that than me here, are you there?
Bill Berkley: I'm here. And of course, we always think the stock is attractive, it's attractive today. However, we are always looking at usages of our capital, what we can do with it, how buying back stock impacts everything having to do with our shareholders. We don't have a single rule, our average price in the first quarter was different than in the second quarter. It's the judgments we make and how we see the opportunities. So we don't really have a single rule. And if there's an opportunity, we think at that moment in time is to buy stock attractive at attractive price will do so but we don't really have rule per se.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: My first question just goes to better understanding IBNR. What I did not realize in the first quarter was that there are some definitional differences there. And just want to make sure I understood how you're thinking about it. So, when we talk about from [indiscernible] reported, do you also include losses or events that have not yet occurred? But you think have a high probability of occurring?
Rob Berkley: We have looked at it so I appreciate the question and let me try and clarify. We look at our portfolio, we look at our exposures. We think about how it will be affected by COVID and that's how we came up with our number. So some of it is events or losses that have not even occurred, but the exposure is out there and we think that there is a possibility that there could be a loss associated with the exposure.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And is that mainly for short-tail lines or is that also for longer-tail lines?
Rob Berkley: We have looked at the full portfolio.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then, my second question, a bit more broad conceptual on social inflation. Can you maybe talk about how it's manifesting itself today? It doesn't seem like its COVID related given that you're expecting more of the losses to come from the short-tail lines. So where or how is it playing out in the current environment?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think, in some ways it is COVID related, and I think you're going to see it potentially in the professional liability space. An example of that would be with EPLI would be certainly one specific example. I think there is a reality that we have emboldened plaintiff bar. And we have an environment in society overall that is more empathetic for the moment to the plaintiff bar. And that is a reality, whether one likes it or not and the insurance industry needs to recognize that and adapt appropriately.
Yaron Kinar: So does that also affect, for example, business interruption claims?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that we have an aggressive plaintiff bar. And as I think we may have touched on in the last call, certainly they have viewed business interruption as an opportunity. I think while perhaps it's a plaintiff-friendly environment overall, I don't think that judges are willing to just completely turn their back on the words in a contract or a policy which is why you have seen many of the rulings though it is still early come out suggesting that physical damage is required in order to trigger a business interruption. And in spite of the efforts so far to suggest the presence or possible presence of COVID-19 being physical damage, most of the judges that I'm aware of have not subscribed to that view.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Rob, I want to go a little bit deeper into what you just talked about with the exposure for lines like EPLI to increased COVID-related losses. I appreciate the fact that there is no -- that you're not booking lower loss picks for lines of business where claim counts were down, frequency was down in the second quarter. Are there any increased provisions for lines where now that reality has changed and maybe the social inflation, et cetera, make things worse?
Rob Berkley: Every 90 days, we look at our loss picks. And we looked at the data and we try and assess whether we feel as though we are in a good place. Our general philosophy is that we want to try and err a little bit on the side of caution recognizing all the unknowns and as those reserve season out we will tighten up that pick. We don't always get it right, but we certainly try and when we get it wrong, we're not shy about acknowledging it and trying to address it. So, as far as the specifics of what we're doing with our picks by product line that generally speaking is not something that that we get into at that level of granularity.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fair enough. Maybe different question. In the past, I think we've worked for -- I've worked under the premise that economic inflection points take 3 to 6 months to actually impact written premium volumes. Because that makes sense, so that makes sense in the current environment can we expect maybe if we're seeing if the recovery continues right now that exposure units have already bottomed?
Rob Berkley: I think, one of the tricky parts is that, it really have things bottomed out as far as the recovery. If you talk to people in New York, they might say, yes. If you talk to people in Florida or Texas or Arizona or parts of California, I don't think that they would say yes. So, ultimately we in the New York area we had our experience hopefully we won't have another, but we should not lose sight of what the recent circumstances in other regions the country are facing and for that matter parts of the world. So, my opinion is that it would seem as we saw things looking better in June than they did in May and May was maybe less ugly than April. And certainly early returns for July were encouraging, but we'll have to see. So I'm a little bit guarded to suggest that things are recovering as far as the lead time, it can be a couple of months, yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Couple of questions for you. Just one, could you talk a little bit about what's going on with terms and conditions right now and what the industry is doing? And related to that specifically, is there anything you're doing to protect yourself from, call it, third-party liability claims and you just mentioned EPLI stuff as we kind of look forward and people go back to work and economy does those kinds of things?
Rob Berkley: Yes. So as far as what are we doing to protect ourselves, we are actively looking at our policy wordings and we are looking to make sure that the policy wording is appropriately addressed, things such as communicable disease and related types of exposures. There are some exposures where we're very focused on making sure that communicable disease is excluded. There are some situations where we use a much finer brush than that. But we've been actually been a bit surprised that the broader market has not been more active and trying to make sure that they are managing their exposure to communicable disease in general and in particular COVID. I think people were so consumed by what was going on with business interruption. They haven't thought through what does it mean for the liability market, both casualty as well as professional. And I think that that's something that the industry needs to be more actively grappling with because there is real exposure there to your point as things open backup. As far as what do we see happening with wordings, certainly we are seeing policy wordings tighten up, just the mere fact that business is making its way from the standard market to the specialty or the E&S market, I think is a leading indicator that policy wordings are tightening up and coverage that has been provided is contrasting a bit. So that, I hope I answered your question.
Brian Meredith: Yes. That's very helpful. And then my second question, Rob, just conceptually thinking about this. AA corporate bond yields, you're kind of looking at AA corporate bond yields just kind of new money yield right now that you're looking at. It's the lowest since I've been working, right. So, as I look at where we are right now, is the pricing environment adequate enough to, I guess, one, earn a double-digit return on equity or even, two, just earn your equity cost of capital at this point?
Rob Berkley: We think with the rate increases that we are getting --
Brian Meredith: That the market is getting, yes.
Rob Berkley: And again, I can't speak for others. I don't know that we have got in the portfolio. But for us, with the rate increases that we're getting today, we certainly think we're comfortably above our cost of capital. Based on my math, we are comfortably in the double-digit space as far as return goes. But there is no doubt, we need that rate. The comments that I made earlier about the impact of this low interest rate environment and what it means for investment income and what it means for the industry's economic model, that is real. And we are very focused on it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: So, just a couple of questions, more investment related and insurance related, I guess. I see that you are moving the money to cash and you are shortening the portfolio. Should we expect that the 2Q traditional investment portfolio result is a good indicator of where the future is going to be and so you decide to redeploy that cash again?
Rob Berkley: Sorry. Josh, could you ask the second part of the question again? You broke up a little bit, I beg your pardon.
Josh Shanker: I'm sorry. Should we assume that the 2Q result for traditional investment income is sort of a good guide also to think about until you decide to redeploy the cash to your stockholders right now?
Rob Berkley: Yes. Obviously putting aside funds as far as a core portfolio.
JoshShanker: Yes. And can you just talk a little bit about the result from the arbitrage portfolio for the quarter?
Rob Berkley: They had a particularly strong quarter. Part of it was some of their traditional activities, part of it has to do with some activities they participate in the rounding specs.
Josh Shanker: That's just one-time in nature is the $58 million loss in LP. We shouldn't expect, those are the change in how you're deploying and that could continue in the future.
Rob Berkley: As much as I wish it was a new normal. I don't think you should assume that's the case.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And just we don't get the number, can we know what the reinsurance recoverable was for the quarter.
Rob Berkley: I honestly, I don't have that in front of me. But either Rich or Karen will make that available. We'll follow up with it if you don't mind.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Chantel, and thank you all for dialing in. Obviously challenging times and a fair amount of uncertainty, but hopefully from our discussion today, you have a sense for how the business is well-positioned. From our perspective, we are well-positioned in order to weather the circumstances that we're navigating through. Even more so, we are well-positioned to take advantage of the market when we come out of the other side of the tunnel. So, I think that is all for us. We will look forward to speaking with you in 90 days. Thank you, again, Chantel. Have a good night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Jimmy, and good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on our first quarter call. In addition to me on this end, you also have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our CFO. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've used in the past. In short order, Im going to be handing it off it Rich. He is going to walk through some highlights of the quarter. Then, I'll be offering a few comments. And then, we'll be opening it up for Q&A and we'll be happy to take the conversation anywhere that participants would like to take it. But before I hand it over to Rich, let me just offer one or two quick thoughts. We have been living through a period of time and continue to live through a moment in time, which I think could be described as unimaginable. And I'm not going to consume any of your valuable time by reciting what you read in the news paper or whatever your source of news and information is. But, I did not want the opportunity to pass without on behalf of my colleagues and myself expressing our heartfelt concern for all those that have been affected by this horrific situation stemming from COVID-19. In particular, it's worth noting, the first responders and the medical workers who are giving of themselves in a manner that few of us could even imagine. And in some cases, they are actually giving in a way that is the ultimate sacrifice. Beyond that, obviously, there are many members of society that are trying to do their part to get our lives back on their feet and to move things forward. Included in that would be these 6,560 colleagues of ours that have the same challenges every day in their personal lives and managing through the situation that we're all managing through. But, in spite of those challenges, they're still doing their part to ensure that this business continues to function and function well. We are issuing policies, we are paying claims, we are doing our part to ensure that society moves forward. And I wanted to thank them as well. So, with that, I'm going to hand it over to Rich. And Rich, if you would walk us through your thoughts on the quarter?
Rich Baio: Certainly. Thank you, Rob. Starting with our premium production, which was favorable in the quarter with growth in gross and net written premiums of 9% and 8% respectively. Overall, net premiums written was $1.85 billion in the current quarter. The insurance segment was about $1.6 billion, representing an increase of 5.7%. Growth in the quarter was led by other liability of 14.7%, followed by 11.5% in professional liability and 10.4% in short-tail lines. The workers' compensation and commercial auto liability lines decreased 7.6% and 3.5%, respectively. The Reinsurance and Monoline Excess segment grew 23.7% to $263 million, led by an increase in casualty reinsurance of 37.3% Monoline Excess of 11% and property reinsurance of 9.7%. Pretax underwriting income of $52 million was adversely impacted in the quarter due to a provision of $66.5 million for COVID-19 related losses. This compares with $90 million for the prior year underwriting income. The reported combined ratio was 96.9% in 2020 compared with 94.3% in 2019. Catastrophe losses contributed largely to this increase with 5.2 and 0.8 loss ratio points in comparable periods. COVID-19 contributed 3.9 loss ratio points to the first quarter 2020 catastrophe losses. Finally, prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $4 million, representing approximately 0.2 loss ratio points. Accordingly, our current accident year loss ratio excluding catastrophes was 60.5% in the current quarter compared with 61.7% in the prior year. The expense ratio was 31.4%, reflecting a decrease of 0.9% from a year ago and relatively flat to the 2019 full year. As the gross and net premiums written earned through the income statement, our expense ratio benefits from higher net earned premium. In addition, efficiencies from our operations allowed us to grow the business without increasing our compensation costs at the same pace of growth and premium. Other underwriting costs also decreased in the quarter due to lower professional fees and less travel. As we've indicated on prior earnings calls, our expense ratio may experience some variability as we continue to make investments in the business. In addition, the uncertainty surrounding the COVID pandemic could impact our 2020 expected expense ratio of 31% to 32% referenced on our last earnings call. The accident year combined ratio, excluding catastrophes and COVID-19 for 2020 was 91.9% compared with 94% to the prior period. Net investment income increased 10.4% to $175 million. Income from the core portfolio was largely unchanged from the prior year, despite a lower interest rate environment. Our book yields for the quarter for the fixed maturity portfolio was 3.4%. Investment funds reported an above average quarterly result of $41 million, compared with $11 million in the prior year. Please remember that we report our investment funds on a quarterly lag. And accordingly, the results in the first quarter are reflecting the funds performance from fourth quarter 2019. To that end, it's important to note that the effects of the market downturn during the first quarter of 2020 will be reflected in our second quarter results. We do anticipate a meaningful decline in energy and transportation funds in next quarter's results. The investment portfolio is well-positioned to deal with market downturns that we've seen in the first quarter of 2020 due to the high credit quality of AA minus and the average duration of 2.7 years for fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents. Foreign currency gains were $22 million in the quarter compared with $7 million in the prior year. The U.S. dollar strengthened relative to the UK sterling and Argentine peso, which contributed to these games in the quarter. This brings our operating earnings to approximately $133 million or $0.69 per share, compared with $129 million or $0.67 per share in the prior year. Pretax income was impacted by pretax net investment losses in the quarter of $177 million comprised of three components, including realized gains of $11 million, largely due to the sale of a private equity investment; a reduction in unrealized gains in equity securities of $154 million, primarily driven by Fannie and Freddie preferred stock; and an increase in allowance for credit loss of $34 million. You may recall, effective January 1, 2020, new accounting rules applied, addressing current expected credit losses, otherwise known as CECL on financial instruments. As a result, we've established an initial cumulative effect adjustment to opening stockholders equity with the change in allowance for credit loss to be reflected in net investment losses. The change from adoption is a $34 million I just referenced a moment ago. Finally, our net loss for the quarter after reflecting the impact of the net investment losses is approximately $4 million. Stockholders' equity was approximately $5.5 billion or $30.55 per share. The Company repurchased approximately 3.7 million shares for $203 million in the quarter and returned capital to shareholders through an ordinary dividend of approximately $20 million. We had cash flow from operations in the quarter of $153 million and maintained strong liquidity throughout the organization, including more than $1.3 billion in cash and liquid investments at the holding company. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. So, before I offer a couple of soundbites on the quarter, maybe just a quick macro observation that I think is worth noting, at least in my opinion. We all understand that these are extraordinary times and there are tremendous challenges, and there is quite frankly a great deal of pain that society is grappling with. A natural reaction is to try and eliminate or at a minimum reduce that pain. Many people are looking to the insurance industry for a solution. And unfortunately, they're looking for the solution even when the product they purchased does not provide one. Much of the plaintiff bar with the support of the litigation funding vehicles that are out there seem to have subscribed to the unfortunate idea of never letting a crisis go to waste. Some seem to be unencumbered by what the words and a policy says and are very skilled at managing the media. While I think it is unlikely that these groups will achieve broad success, it is important to note, it is important to recognize that any success that they achieve will ultimately come at a price to society overall. Insurance is fundamentally nothing more than a tool or a mechanism, if you like, to spread risk. If lost costs go up, insurance pricing ultimately goes up. If politicians and courts allow much of the plaintiff bar to get what they are seeking, and disregard the words in the contract or the policy, then it is very likely that society will pay a price, because ultimately the cost of insurance will be going up. The parts of the plaintiff bar and those that provide litigation funding will win and the rest of us as a society will lose. In the past, we have talked about social inflation. We have referenced things such as the med-mal crisis. We've talked about how we see this unfolding in past quarters. If this unfolds the way the plaintiff bar would like you to, though I think it is highly unlikely, we will see a level of social inflation that the industry is trying to keep up with, like we have not seen in generations. Ultimately, society is going to have to make a choice, whether contracts matter, whether wordings and policies matter or not, and how much of a price is society willing to pay. Hopefully, they have the foresight to understand the circumstance. Turning to the quarter. As always, Rich did a great job covering it, but a couple of observations from me. Obviously, the growth was reasonably healthy, both on the gross and the net. As always, a bunch of moving pieces. One of the headlines that clearly picked up on from the press release was the rate increases that continue to progress, which is really just our response to past conversations around social inflation and keeping up with lost costs. One of the things that we've had also mentioned in the past is, while you all catch the headlines, there are a lot of moving pieces under the surface. So, by example, if we were to pick on commercial auto, in January, we have a large book of a commercial auto in Germany and we effectively non-renewed, if you will, approximately $30 million of business or that book of German commercial auto. I draw your attention to that because it just helps you hopefully understand that we have a lot of different moving pieces and it's not solely just looking at rate. There are other aspects of it. Renewal retention ratio continues to hang in at 80%, which gives us the confidence and the comfort that the rate increases are coming about in a healthy and constructive way. Rich obviously talked about the loss ratio, clearly impacted by our allowance for -- or provisional allowance for COVID-19 related losses. The vast majority of what we put up is IBNR. We are off the view that one cannot just sit and take a completely wait and see attitude. Given what we see out on the horizon, we felt as though it's our job to be proactive and to be thoughtful. So, undoubtedly, the various analyses that we went through to come up with this number will not prove to be spot on, but we felt as though, we needed to do something and that is how we came up with this number. Based on the information we have, I cant tell you whether we got the -- it got it too hot or too cold, but it is our best estimate. And again, most of that is IBNR. On the expense ratio, again Rich touched on that. We continue to be pleased with the improvement. But as Rich referenced, we're going to have to see how the story unfolds from here. And while we have a lot of earned premium that is coming through and the business continues to grow, given the instability in the broader economy, we'll have to see what that means for us. One comment just going back to the losses. I think, it's important that people not misconstrue the provision that we put up. Our policy wordings from my perspective are very thoughtful. We have the appropriate exclusions in place when it comes to things such as viruses. And of course, we have the additional triggers that would need to be -- that are in place to make sure physical damage is required in order to trigger business interruption. But nevertheless, there's still a lot unknown. The investment portfolio, again Rich touched on this. So, I'm not going to add much, other than obviously we have been relatively rewarded for the fact that we keep a very high quality portfolio, as well as keeping the duration short. Rich touched on liquidity, which again I think bodes well for the position that we're in -- the liquidity at this stage, while comes at a bit of a cost, we think it is a cost worth bearing. So, I'm going to pause there and we will turn it over for questions. But, I think we all are very comfortable in spite of the challenges ahead that we are very well positioned. Jimmy, could we open it up for questions, please?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Hey. Good afternoon. First question, could you provide more details on the IBNR, mostly IBNR-related provision you put up for COVID. Maybe I missed it, but any color on what lines of business reinsurance versus primary? Any texture there, so we can kind of get a better sense of whether we should expect more to potentially come as this unfolds?
Rich Baio: Yes. I think, I don't mean to kick the can down the road, but you're probably seeing some disclosure in the Q around this and such a sensitive topic and being mindful of the SEC, I don't want to get ahead of that document. But, I can assure you that we did the best we could to look at our whole portfolio and assess where our exposures are. And to the extent that we will be utilizing reinsurance, of course, we took into account reinstatement costs as well.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. So, I'll look up for the Q. Next, I was a little surprised to hear that you talked about that 31% to 32% expense ratio guidance, this probably might not be likely. Given -- could you kind of talk about, given a big percentage of your book is workers; comp, which is tied to payrolls, if I'm correct, should we should we be expecting a considerable decline in the top-line in to 2Q to the extent this terrible situation persists for another -- through the rest of the quarter? And -- or is there other levers you're pulling such as kind of cutting some fixed expenses to be able to weather the storm per se?
Rob Berkley: Mike, first, I don't think, we meant to leave you with the impression that the idea that the expense ratio is going to rapidly erode is our expectation. It is not our expectation whatsoever. When we look out on the horizon, we are not nave or blind to the challenges that both the domestic and the international economies are facing. And while we have not seen any evidence so far that our customers will be shrinking dramatically or going out of business in the broad sense, we are again mindful of those realities. I would remind you that a large component of our expense ratio is commissions. And obviously, that will flow along with some other aspects of our expense ratio. But, I think what Rich and I were trying to message is that we understand that the world is facing a very challenging moment. And we as an organization are not completely and totally insulated from the health and wellbeing of our insureds. And as a result of that and our discipline and our responding to those realities, there is a possibility that the expense ratio could pick up modestly. Do we see it exploding? No. Do we continue to add initiatives internally to help try and drive that down from here? Yes. But, there are certain things that are out of our control and it would be wrong for us to pretend those do not exist. 
Mike Zaremski: That's helpful. Lastly, and then I'll get back in the queue. There's -- I know, this is a rapidly evolving environment. And one of your competitors today kind of mentioned specifically certain states expanding the compensability of the workers comp. Is this a major issue for workers' comp writers or is this more of -- is likely to have a minor impact to the extent insurers are willing to accept some of the decisions that are being made?
Rob Berkley: I think, ultimately, it depends on, as perhaps it would suggest -- it sounds like from your comments, it was suggested by others. It depends on the state and it depends on how much they broadly want to expand it. I would tell you that there has been some analysis done by many organizations including NCCI and others that I would encourage you to look into certainly as being brought to the attention of both regulators and politicians to make sure that they understand the situation fully and the costs by broadening, who would be covered for COVID-19. So, we'll have to see how it unfolds. I think, it is meaningful, but I -- at this stage, I don't think we expect it to be problematic or overwhelming for us as an organization. But, I do think, it could be very challenging for some people, if governors and other politicians choose to broaden this in a very wide manner. I would encourage you to get hold of some of those studies that have been done by NCCI and others. I think you would find it to be time well spent and hopefully the people that are making these decisions are investing their time to make sure that they are informed decisions. One other comment on that that the world, when it comes to these types of issues and other issues, has sort of tried to pit itself against the insurance industry. And I think that that is very shortsighted, which is one of the reasons why, put any insurance industry aside, you've seen many other small business and large business trade associations trying to express their concern around some of the potential actions that some of these states will take, because they understand very clearly that some of these actions could have a dramatic impact on their costs of workers' compensation, whether it be that they buy first dollar or even in cases where they self-insure to an extent.
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs.
Yaron Kinar: Rob, in your opening statement, you talked about some of the language that you have in business interruption policies, namely the viral exclusion and physical damage trigger. One thing that we've been struggling with I think as outside of this, is to try and peg kind the difference between standard all-season and more of EMS or specialty policies. Can you maybe help us understand or think about the overall portfolio? Roughly, what portion of that portfolio would have come that explicit viral exclusion language in it?
Rob Berkley: So, I don't have specific numbers in front of me, but I would tell you, virtually -- I hate to say all, because it's so definitive. To the best of my knowledge, virtually all of our property policies require physical damage in order for there to be business interruption. Beyond that, the vast, vast majority of our property policies in addition to that trigger I just referenced also have a virus exclusion.
Yaron Kinar: And of your commercial property portfolio, roughly how many accounts or how much of premiums actually purchase business interruption?
Rob Berkley: No, I don't have that number for you off the top of my head. But if youd like -- we'll do the best we can to answer your question.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Then, another question I had, clearly, we're seeing a continuation and acceleration of the rate improvement. So, do you think that in the context of the current economy and the struggles that your accounts are going through that this would be sustainable or would you expect to see some pressure on rates coming through the rest of the year?
Rob Berkley: I think, it's a little bit early to even try to speculate. I would tell you obviously, this circumstance in this country really started to get momentum in March and really towards the end of March. And we have a little bit of data in April, but I don't think that we can reach a conclusion. But, something that I think is important to mention here is that we have a view as to what an adequate rate is. And we think that if we cannot achieve that rate, then we will not sell the policy. And it's simply because we feel an obligation to a variety of stakeholders. And we need to run a healthy and sound business to ensure that we can live up to our obligations to many, including policy holders. And it needs to be a sound thoughtful business. And an important component of that is adequate pricing.
Yaron Kinar: That makes sense. I appreciate that. And if I could sneak one last quick one, could you maybe talk about the decision to classify the COVID losses as catastrophe losses as opposed to underlying?
Rob Berkley: I guess, it was just for a lack of any other way to label it. I mean, honestly, there's tornadoes and hail every year, and every couple of years we have a hurricane and an occasional earthquake. Hopefully, this type of pandemic will happen far less frequently than any of those. Consequently, I think, if there was ever sort of a one-off cat, this would probably belong under that category. We tried to in our -- both our release as well as in Rich's comments specifically, break it out for people. So, you had the clarity around what is, I guess, traditional cat, if you will versus what is, again, hopefully just truly be extraordinary circumstance. So, we've never really been big believers in the but-for, if you will, and how the industry tends to back out cash. But from our perspective, this is truly an extraordinary circumstance. It's our responsibility, we own it, but we did want to provide the clarity.
Yaron Kinar: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: How are you, Rob?
Rob Berkley: Good, how are you?
Meyer Shields: I'm doing okay. I was hoping you could give us some update on new money reinvestment rates. Just trying to get a sense in terms of whether we should expect pressure or are other opportunities like spreads have widened?
Rob Berkley: So, at this stage, is there pressure? There's probably as much pressure today as there was yesterday. I think, the only difference is, there's -- as we were chatting internally recently, there's just more risk. So, if you think about where -- what the available rates are, it's probably not dissimilar to what we saw not that long ago. But, if you think about the risk adjusted return, its probably even lousier. So, at this stage, our general default is to something that would be more of a defensive nature. Though, I think it's important to flag that we certainly are willing to be thoughtful and opportunistic if we see an attractive opportunity present itself. It's one of the benefits that we have of the significant liquidity that we maintain, both in the insurance company as well as in the holding company.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. Was there anything unusual in the reinsurance segment? Im asking in the context of expense ratio improvement there on a year-over-year basis?
Rich Baio: It's Rich speaking. On the expense ratio, it's really on -- as I was alluding to in my opening comments, attributable to some of those reduced professional fees. So, things like consulting and legal costs. And then, our salary expense is pretty much flat quarter-over-quarter. And with the increase in net earned premium from the first quarter of last year, that helps the expense ratio as well.
Rob Berkley: And we would expect that trend to continue. Because you can see the growth in the written and obviously that'll trickle through to the year-end over time.
Meyer Shields: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Brian. Good afternoon.
Brian Meredith: Good afternoon. So, Rob, just two questions. First, I was just curious, you provided us the COVID-19 IBNR estimate. What is your exposure? What do you think about some of the more economically sensitive lines like surety? Is that going to create some additional loss activity and kind of where's your book of business as we kind of look forward here over the next 12 months as we get a pretty weak economy? And then, maybe even on the energy surety side, do you have exposure there?
Rob Berkley: So, on the surety front, we feel very good about our book. It's a combination of both, our commercial and contract, though it's weighted towards the contract side. When we look at the health of our clients, when we look at the financial strength of them, when we look at the type of collateral that we have, we are very comfortable. To my colleagues, our colleagues credit that are running that business. They first of all are good sound operators to begin with who happen to also have pretty good foresight. So, they had everything batten down well in advance of this coming to a head. So, we -- I think, we all have things that are on our mind or that we worry about. And that is certainly not at the top of my list.
Brian Meredith: And then, second, Rob, there's been some discussion on this, and this whole business interruption just as far as the policy forms and whether the policy forms kind of broader internationally than it is domestically. What do you see? Is there any kind of differentiation there that there could potentially be some more issues in the international, the broader policy form versus the U.S.?
Rob Berkley: So, we by and large are not a large property market outside of the United States. And with the modest amount of business that we -- I mean that we write even outside of the United States, most of that is U.S. business, i.e., look through Lloyds. So, we have looked at our policy forms. And based on everything that I have been advised and what has been reviewed by people that know far more about this than I do, we are in a pretty good place. I certainly have heard some of the commentary about others, particularly in the UK that perhaps their policy form, as has been suggested by some, may prove to be problematic. I have not reviewed their policy form in detail. I spend the vast majority of my time worrying about this organization, not other people's organizations.
Brian Meredith: And then, one just last, just quick numbers question. Is it possible to give us a sense of what is your kind of acquisition cost ratio, commission ratio, so we can take a look at what the kind of variability in your expenses based upon what could happen here with premiums?
Rob Berkley: Brian, we don't have that at our fingertips. Would it be okay if either, Karen or Rich followed up with you to give you that color?
Brian Meredith: That'd be great. I appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Phil Stefano Deutsche Bank.
Phil Stefano: So, I guess, I just wanted to take a step back and talk about the $65 million IBNR, largely IBNR for the COVID provision thats embedded in cat. Im just trying to get an understanding of what exactly is this. Is this a best estimate of all future losses that you would think be driven by the COVID environment? And I understand there's a lot of volatility and uncertainty around this, but is this a kind of a one-time hit, or is there potential for underlying pressure as we think about this forward?
Rob Berkley: So, the way I would encourage you to think about this is, we took a snapshot at the end of the quarter and we looked at that snapshot and looked at everything that we knew. And based on what we know, we did our best to come up with what an appropriate estimate we thought would be, based on the available information at the time. I can't promise you that the number wont go up or the number wont go down. What I can promise you is, based on the available information at that moment, we did our best to estimate what we think the cost will be for this Company. So, no, this is not just sort of claims that had come over the transom. It is not that at all. It is our best estimate, understanding the situation and understanding our portfolio, what do we see the costs associated with this circumstance being.
Phil Stefano: Got it. One of the things that I guess in my mind I'm trying to play through is the creativity of the plaintiff's bar and the fact that the industry is saying, this losses should be minimal or at least most manageable. But to the extent that people are putting IBNR numbers out there, is there the potential for the plaintiff's bar to say, look, this is proof that these are losses, these should be covered. The industry is putting dollars aside. I'm curious if you have any thoughts about those competing forces and how you think about it.
Rob Berkley: So, can I just make sure, I understand the question? You're suggesting the fact that we're putting dollars aside is that we're basically acknowledging that there's coverage? Is that the question?
Phil Stefano: Yes. I mean, to what extent is that the potential case? Yes. 
Rob Berkley: No, we do not think that that is the case at all. I mean, from our perspective, the money is set aside for some -- a variety of different reasons, which we will articulate to the extent we think makes sense in the Q. But, in no way, shape or form should this be interpreted by anybody that we are acknowledging -- this is not a statement about coverage or anything related to that topic. 
Phil Stefano: Got it. And just one more quick numbers question. Do you -- for the COVID provision, do you have a breakout between insurance and reinsurance?
Rob Berkley: We have not made that available. But, I'll tell you, one of two things will happen. Either you'll hear from Karen or Rich, or I expect it will be in the Q. So, one of the two.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: I wanted to I guess keep trying on this IBNR. There's one number out there. So, just trying to get a feel of the texture of it. Any context as to how of that is sort of like casualty-related stuff, whether it's workers comp, other liability broadly versus, I don't know, short tail A&H, property or a like a event cancellation?
Rob Berkley: So, I'm not trying to be difficult, though I feel like I may be, the one that's raining on the parade. I want to be mindful of our obligations to all interested parties. And we're going to put this -- some detailed information in the Q. And what I would tell you is that we looked at our portfolio across the board and we tried to make some informed judgments and that's how we came up with this number. And again, apologies for not giving you more color at this time. It will be made available in the Q. And I think that will hopefully help you have a clearer understanding.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. I guess, in colleting that number though, I'm just trying to stress it a bit. When you got to that -- where the sensitivity is? Is it -- if this is three months, rather than one month, or is it that the duration of the lockdown that would make that grow in size
Rob Berkley: So, what I would tell you is that we -- and again, apologies if this does not answer your question as completely as you'd liked. We looked at our entire portfolio. And we acknowledge the fact that we don't know when this will end. And we made some judgments. In addition to that, we made judgments around reinsurance recoveries and costs surrounding reinstatements. And that is how we came up with I keep saying about 65, I guess it was 66 point something rather, [indiscernible] how many points.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. One of the coverage question I had before one on the buyback is, how does the excess workers comp will respond to frequency versus severity? Is it that you need really severe single life losses to have losses, or is it that you have a huge number? I'm just trying to think about the rest to that book and some of the stuff going on at the state level.
Rob Berkley: Yes. As far as the specifics of the excess comp portfolios, again, Rich, or Karen can try and get into some of that really offline. But, what I would tell you is that that is certainly a part of our book that we looked at carefully. We looked at our attachment points. We looked at the mechanics of how the policy works. And it was appropriately considered. Is it likely that there will be comp losses? Yes. When we look at our attachment point, do we think it's possible, some things to touch us? Yes. Do we think that it is going to prove to be a widespread issue? No.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then the last one is, I mean the buyback was pretty substantial. It's the first time we've seen that turned on in a very, very long time. I guess, I'm just trying to marry that decision with what seems like a message around some uncertainty here.
Rob Berkley: I guess, my two cents is we still, as referenced by Rich and myself, and you could see in the release, maintain a significant amount of liquidity at the holding company. But, the good news is, you can have a more complete response around our philosophy around it because the head of our repurchase desk is here.
Bill Berkley: So, the answer -- this is the Bill Berkley.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, Bill. 
Bill Berkley: We have we have a very, very simple process for deciding when we're buying back stock. We buy back stock when we think it's attractively priced relative to our assessment of the intrinsic value of the enterprise. And while there was a lot of noise in this quarter, while there's been a lot of noise, we liked everything that's been going on from the end of last year forward. And at the same time that was happening, people decided they didn't like our stock and our stock traded down a lot. And therefore, it became attractive to buy. And using that capital, which we believe was substantially redundant capital was a good use of the money. And while it was $200 million, it was sort of 15% of the capital we had at the holding company, actually a little less than that. So, we really weren't particularly concerned and we just thought that was attractive price, attractive value and the intrinsic value of the enterprise. We thought it was okay. It always happens when there's a lot of noise. That's when you can find good opportunity, in our case in buying back stock. It's when we've been able to buy back stock throughout our history going back to 2000...
Ryan Tunis: Sorry. And you feel that the liquidity levels of the HoldCo are supportive of more share repurchases during the second quarter, should the market
Bill Berkley: I didn't say anything about the future. I didn't say anything about the future. I simply said, we still have $1.3 billion of liquidity at the holding company. I'm very comfortable with that. And I'm very happy with the intrinsic values within our enterprise. And we'll make each of those decisions at the moment.
Operator: We do have a question from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ron Bobman: Hi. Thanks a lot. Lets hope the chairman of the buyback desk comes in to the office tomorrow. I had a question, Rob, I think at the year-end
Bill Berkley: We could do private sales.
Ron Bobman: Rob, you commented at the year-end call, I guess a couple of months ago about the ripping the faucet off the wall and letting the opportunity sort of flow in heavy because rate was moving in the attractive direction, the opportunities, et cetera. I'm wondering of late, sort of most recently in sort of the traditional commercial insurance area, but in particular sort of E&S. How the quoting volume and the binding volume is going for Berkley. In essence, are you having a much greater yield as far as quotes resulting in buying? Thanks.
Rob Berkley: I don't have the April information in front of me. So, I don't really have a sense of how this month looks. But certainly, we saw no pause, even towards the latter half of March. And if you use rate achieved as an indicator, we got more rate in March than we did in February. So, again, I don't have the information for April in front of me. And even if I did, probably some lawyer would come. I'm not allowed to tell you. But, we're going to have to see. We're going to have to see whether the concern in the standard market continues to grow at such a pace that that continues to drive business to the non-standard market and whether that outpaces quite frankly, some of the strain that exists in the broader economy and the health and wellbeing of some of the insureds. So I don't have an answer to -- for you for April, but certainly we did not see that in March.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Jimmy, thank you very much. Thank you all for joining us. From our perspective, in spite of the challenges, this organization remains very well positioned to navigate its way forward. It's not that we underestimate the challenges. It's more that we're acutely aware of how healthy and well positioned the Company is. So, again, thank you for calling in. And we will speak with you in about 90 days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude your program. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be -- in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2019 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Bob Berkley. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Carmen, thank you very much, and good afternoon, all, and thank you for dialing in today to chat with us about our fourth quarter results. On this end of the phone, in addition to myself, again, you have Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past. Rich is going to lead off with some comments on the quarter and then he's going to hand it off to me. I'll offer a couple of relatively brief comments, and then you'll have the three of us at your disposal for any Q&A. Rich, if you would, please?
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks Rob. We reported net income of $119 million or $0.62 per share and continue to see an acceleration in the growth of our top line, both from a gross and net premiums written basis. Our underwriting results improved on a current accident year basis excluding cat losses, while we experienced some variability on the investment side that we've alluded to during earlier earnings calls. Focusing first on the underwriting results, gross premiums written grew 10.1% and net premiums written grew 9.3% in the current quarter, bringing the full year growth to 7.3% and 6.7%, respectively. Total premiums for the group were $1.66 billion in the current quarter, comprised of approximately $1.5 billion in the Insurance segment, representing an increase of 8.2% over the prior year quarter and $176 million in the Reinsurance and Monoline Excess segment or an 18.9% increase quarter-over-quarter. The Insurance segment's net premiums written grew in all lines of business with the exception of workers' compensation. The growth in the quarter was led by professional liability of 12.9%, followed by 11.8% in other liability, 11% in commercial automobile and 10.2% in short-tail lines. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment grew in property reinsurance by 22.5%, casualty Reinsurance of 19.9% and Monoline Excess of 8.3%. Pretax underwriting profits increased more than 71% to $115 million compared with $67 million a year ago. The improvement was primarily attributable to an increase in net premiums earned of 6% and lower underwriting expenses relative to the growth in net premiums earned. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding cats, was 61.4% in the current quarter, which was slightly better than the prior year quarter and comparable with the full year of 2018 and 2019. In addition, cat losses decreased from $45 million in the prior year quarter to $20 million in the current quarter, representing a reduction of 1.6 loss ratio points. Cat losses in the current quarter were 1.2% of net premiums earned. Finally, prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $2 million, representing approximately 0.2 loss ratio points. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio was 62.4% for the fourth quarter of 2019. The expense ratio was 30.9% or 2% lower than the prior year quarter, and improved 0.6% from the preceding consecutive quarter. Although we continue to see an improvement in our expense ratio, the current quarter is not expected to be the ongoing run rate for 2020. We anticipate that the full year rate for 2020 is more likely to be in the range of 31% to 32%. As we've mentioned in the past, please remember that our expense ratio may experience some variability as we continue to make investments in the business. The current quarter benefited from the increase in net premiums earned, along with reduced acquisition costs due to favorable seating commissions and operational efficiencies we've referenced in recent past. This brings our reported combined ratio for the fourth quarter of 2019 to 93.3% and our current accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, to 92.3%. Now, focusing on our investment results, net investment income from our core portfolio remained flat quarter-over-quarter. Our book yield for the quarter and full year for the fixed maturity portfolio was 3.4%. We have maintained an average rating of AA- and an average duration of 2.8 years for fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents. As we've mentioned in the past, our investment funds do have some variability over time. This quarter was evident of this situation. We had a couple of isolated funds with unfavorable mark-to-market adjustments and likely see them recovering. Even with this variability in the quarter, our full year book yield was 5.2%, a result within our expectations. We believe the alternative investments will continue to produce above average long-term returns. Pretax net realized and unrealized losses was $23 million. The loss in the quarter was primarily attributable to a decline in the fair value of preferred stock and Fannie and Freddie, which under the accounting rules is now reflected in the income statement rather than directly reported in stockholders' equity. Excluding the $30 million of unrealized losses due to these mark-to-market adjustments, we realized pretax gains of $7 million in the quarter. The effective tax rate was 18.4% for the quarter, which largely benefited from a lower effective tax rate due to the partial release of our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets associated with net operating loss carryforwards in our international operations. In addition, we reflected a favorable adjustment truing up our 2018 tax accrual to file tax returns. We expect 2020 to return to a more reasonable level. Stockholders' equity was approximately $6.1 billion or $33.12 per share, representing an increase of 11.7% from the beginning of the year. For the full year, book value per share grew 17.3% before dividends and share repurchases. We returned capital of $176 million in the quarter and $326 million for the full year. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis and for the full year was 8.8% and 12.5%, respectively on net income. We had strong cash flow from operations in the quarter of $349 million as well as approximately $1.15 billion for the full year. And finally, it is worth reminding folks that the new accounting treatment for credit losses on financial instruments is effective in the first quarter of 2020. Accordingly, you will see a cumulative effect adjustment to stockholders' equity, which should not be material to our financial statements. More importantly, this change in accounting treatment may add some additional variability to the income statement as we reevaluate each reporting period, the allowance for credit losses associated with fixed maturity securities, loans, receivables and other financial instruments. Thanks Rob.
Rob Berkley: Rich thank you very much. That was a lot -- there's a transcript for everybody. So, when I -- right before I came down to get on the call, I was taking one last look at the earnings release and I was looking at the header that we have referencing the top line growth and the return for the year, which I think is clearly attractive. But if it were solely left up to me, which it isn't, I would have gone for a header or a title that's more akin to, it is happening with a footnote that would say, ex-workers' compensation. And what I mean by that is what we have been discussing and others have been discussing for an extended period of time as far as the challenges that the market faces, the reality is that stem from a low interest rate environment, frequency of cat activity and, of course, social inflation has finally gotten to the point where it is no longer solely being talked about, but is actually being acted upon. And this is a meaningful sea change that became very visible in our opinion in the fourth quarter, and there is no sign of that slowing down. The comment or the note about ex-workers' comp. Look, the reality is that workers' comp has had its moment in the sun. And the clouds are beginning to build a little bit as a result of the actions that are taken by state rating bureaus. Having said that, I would caution people not to overreact and assume that it's doom and gloom overnight. There is this thing called negative trend, which is partially mitigating the actions that are being taken by state rating bureaus. Having said that, going the other way, we certainly are paying close attention to severity in the workers' comp line and those that are not keeping an eye on that that may prove to be a challenge in the future. But putting aside comp, when we look at our business, every component of the commercial lines marketplace that we participate in, to a greater or lesser extent, we are seeing rates moving up and our sense is that the trend will continue and in many cases, will not only continue but may very well accelerate from here. Rich did a great job talking about the quarter and putting a bit of a bow around it. I'm going to piggyback on a few of his comments and offer you a couple of observations. Maybe starting out with the topline, the growth was more than we've seen. I don't know -- and forget about quarters, I don't know how many years, but it's been a long time. Rich is trying to mouth me how long it's been, but I can't really tell what he's saying, but it has been a while. Topline up more than 10% on the gross, on the net more than 9%. It's worth maybe taking a step back or peeling a layer to back and really understanding this. We are seeing significant growth in submissions, particularly in our specialty businesses, and even more so in our E&S operations. It has been building for a while, and it's really accelerating in the fourth quarter. We are seeing as a result of that, clear evidence that there is leverage on the rate side. In our release, I think we said approximately 9% to put a slightly finer point on it. It was 8.9% ex-workers' compensation. A figure that we've shared with you from time to time as our new business relativity, which is a metric that we use to try and compare on an apples-to-apples basis, how much we're charging for new business compared to our renewal book. In our new business, we are charging 100 -- or excuse me, 1.042 or 4.2% more for new business compared to renewal business. This is an important metric because it gives us confidence and comfort; we are not buying new business. In fact, new business in theory, one knows a little bit less about than your renewal book, so you should be surcharging that. As far as the renewal retention ratio, this continues to be pretty steady hanging in there at approaching 80%. It's shocking to us at times, how that number doesn't move. But I think it's important to connect the dots, that renewal retention ratio isn't moving in spite of what we're doing with the rates. Pivoting over to a couple of comments on the loss front, as Rich suggested, it was, by and large, what we had expected. But I do want to drill down a little bit more here and touch on, I guess, what's become of topic of the day, though, from our perspective, it should have been the topic of discussion for the past several years. To that point, we started talking about social inflation back in 2016. We started pushing for rate back then. We have been pushing for rate since we started to see this, but putting aside rate, we started taking other types of underwriting action, whether it be terms, conditions, deductibles or just pure risk selection. The fact of the matter is social inflation, while it's being more actively discussed and acted upon today, it is not a new phenomenon. It is an example that you do need to pay attention. It is an example that expertise make a difference. It is an example of how you need to be not solely consumed by the rearview mirror, but you need to be looking out the front windshield as well. We've heard from some people over the past few years when we've been talking about the type of rate increases that we've been getting, the question has come up, well, why aren't you dropping your loss picks if you're getting all of this rate. And the simple answer is because we saw this out there in the environment, and we needed that rate and the underwriting actions in order to be able to reconcile the loss pick we are using. Having said that, as we are getting, approaching nine points of rate at this stage, it's very hard for us to imagine. We are not comfortably outpacing loss cost trend at this level. Maybe switching over briefly to the expense ratio. And again, Rich touched on this; I'll just put in my two sense [ph] here briefly. We do have some IT and data-related initiatives that have been going on and will continue to go on. They are significant investments that certainly can have an impact on our expense ratio. Having said that, going the other way, I think we're going to continue to benefit from higher earned premium as the business is growing and much of that growth is coming from higher rates, that will help mitigate the additional spend. Rich also touched on the investments; I'll offer my two senses there. Again, as you said, the core portfolio was right in line with expectations. We did have a little bit of noise coming out of the funds. The noise really came from a couple of isolated places. We are not particularly bothered by this. It's just the reality is as part of our total return approach occasionally, you're going to get a little bit more volatility. And our sense is what moved in one direction in the quarter is likely to move back in the other direction over time. So, I would caution people not to read too deeply into the funds. My sense is, and I think Rich's sense and other people's sense is it is likely to move back to what is a more historical level in relatively short order. I guess last comment on the investment portfolio is something that we've discussed in the past, and that has to do with gains and I referenced this idea around total return. We are focused on building book value for shareholders through underwriting as well as investment activity. We are -- we take a long-term view. Part of our effort, particularly in this extended low interest rate environment has been to try and find other ways to generate return. Our alternative portfolio investment funds, included but not limited to that has proven to be, as Rich referenced, a great source of return for our shareholders. We have discussed in the past that, give or take, people should be expecting $100 million a year or roughly $25 million a quarter in gains, but we also have reminded people that is going to be lumpy. I believe we did a little bit more than that in 2019. And while we certainly cannot promise or guarantee anything, when we look out at 2020, we think that there is a good chance that we will exceed the traditional guidance. A couple of quick comments on capital management. We're very focused on trying to strike the appropriate amount of capital. We don't want the porridge too hot. We don't want it too cold. We want it just right. However, let's talk about what does just right mean. Just right means what we have today and in addition to that what we see our needs could potentially be tomorrow. The business has been generating more capital than it could use for some period of time. Our preferred approach has been special dividends. But as we've discussed in the past, we tend to award those or pay those out as we have more visibility I think that it is likely that special dividends will continue to be an important part of how we return excess capital to shareholders. Having said that, we are not opposed to other levers such as share repurchase or debt repurchase if we think the opportunity is there and it makes sense. So, final couple of comments from me, and then we'll be turning it over to you for any questions. Upon reflection of the quarter and putting aside our numbers, just the environment overall, one of my takeaways is this is the type of environment that we're moving into, that this business is built for. This is the type of environment that we are able to do disproportionately well for two reasons. One, because of how we're structured, and we're able to respond in a more timely manner than others; and two, because of the type of business that we write. Moments like this when you see not just the standard markets, but others starting to reexamine their appetite, in many cases, narrow it or curtail it and certainly, at a minimum, people begin to think about risk and return and adequate pricing in a different way than they have for the past couple of years, that falls right into our strike zone. So, we are excited about what we see in front of us. We were enthusiastic earlier in 2019. I think what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2019 does build on that enthusiasm, and while there are some that would suggest that we tend to be an optimistic organization, and I think that is a fair statement, we are an optimistic organization. The data that we see in our own business, and the data that we can all see in the industry, I think, clearly supports this optimistic view. So, Carmen, let me pause there and if we could please pivot to the questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. 
Amit Kumar: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon Amit.
Amit Kumar: Good afternoon and congrats on the print. Just a few quick questions. The first question is on the -- I was hoping you could help me tie your pricing commentary and the loss cost discussions. Does this -- are we at a point where this translates into margin expansion for 2020 versus 2019? Or just based on how long rate takes to earn, we should think about margin expansion for the back half of 2020 versus 2019?
Rob Berkley: I mean, obviously, different parts of our business earn premium in a different way. Having said that, certainly, by the second half of 2020, you're going to see a meaningful amount of that fourth quarter 2019 premium earning through. That 2019 -- fourth quarter 2019 premium is going to start -- it's already started to earn through and that will continue to accelerate. As far as margin expansion goes at a macro level, and I think it's best that we not get into the weeds, but when you're getting close to nine points of rate, even our, what I would suggest is a very measured approach to trend, i.e., we're trying to make sure that we are erring on the side of caution. It's hard to imagine that we are not outpacing trend by some number of hundreds of basis points.
Amit Kumar: That's a fair point. The second question is on expense ratio. And I wanted a clarification here. I was reading earlier transcripts. And Rob, there was a comment you made in that industry presentation, you talked about, our goal is to push through 31%, and over time, we would like to push it through 30%.
Rob Berkley: That's correct.
Amit Kumar: You made these comments. I was just trying to think, I completely agree that the ER is a function of higher earned premiums. However, has there been any shift in the allocations towards the ramping up on IT and data analysis? Is that also changed? Or maybe just help me understand what has shifted versus the discussion we had a few months ago?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think my comments were meant to be sort of intermediate and long-term in nature. And what I'm trying to message to you, picking up on Rich's point, is that the expense ratio was good this quarter. And we certainly would like to continue to push on that. But the simple reality is we are making some investments today that will enable us to get to where we want to, not just on the expense ratio front, but being able to run the business efficiently and effectively. We think investments on the systems front as well as the data and analytics front that we already have been making are likely to accelerate, and that comes at a cost, but that's going to allow us to continue to get where we want to go.
Amit Kumar: Got it. I will stop here and re-queue for few more. Thanks so much for the answers and good luck for the future,
Rob Berkley: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon Michael.
Michael Phillips: Good evening everybody. Good evening. First question, Rob, you said in recent quarters, that once rates get to a certain level, you'll look to grow more aggressively. It sounds like from what you're saying today, that's where we are today. You're looking to grow more aggressively because rates might already be there. I guess, one, is that true? And then if so, to your comment of, you see no signs of it slowing down. I guess, maybe talk a little bit more about that because if we're at a point where margins are going to start to expand, how long does this last into 2020 or kind of your thoughts on that.
Rob Berkley: Sure. So, I think as we've perhaps discussed in the past, it's tricky to use too broad of a brush here because, again, ex comp, all basically, all of the commercial line space is in some form of hardening where we're seeing rates go up, but it's not happening in lockstep. So, we see that happening. We see that accelerating. There are certainly what I would define as parts of the market, our products, our products in certain territories, where we're seeing a green light, and we are looking to push and push hard, not just on rates, but we want to right -- we want more count, if you will, policy count. There are other places where it's more of an amber light, and we're just going to focus on the rate, and we're not looking to push the count. But once we get that green light, we're not just going to open up the spigot. We're going to rip it out of the wall and we're going to let a pore in, and we'll call a plumber later. And how long is it -- as far as how long is it going to go for--
Michael Phillips: Well, I asked that question in the backdrop of the industry that it typically takes a long time to turn rate positive and when it does, it doesn't last very long. So--
Rob Berkley: Yes. Look, I think it never lasts as long as you'd like, and that's sort of reality. At the same time, from my perspective, I think from our perspective, there's still a lot more pain to come. And if you look at what's driving the change, its pain. And we've sort of gotten a glimpse of the tip of the iceberg, but there's a lot of iceberg that's below the sea level and there's just more to come. So, from our perspective, we don't see this slowing, we see it accelerating and at a minimum, in some cases, maintaining from here, but in more cases, it's not accelerating. How long will it go on for? I think that's a tricky one to speculate, but we think that there's a fair amount of runway ahead of us.
Michael Phillips: Okay. No, great. That's helpful. I think the commentary on, there's more pain to come is a great way to say it. So, to my second question then on the lovely social inflation term. You guys have said you've seen it since 2016. And from your earlier comments, even in the past year have said, you saw it in certain lines, certain segments and maybe not in others. And so I guess the question is, do you see it more widespread today than you did a couple of years ago? And is that part of the pain that you're talking about?
Rob Berkley: We -- yes, it is certainly part of the pain that I think the industry is facing. We saw early in a couple of lines in 2016, and then we saw it more broadly in 2017. So, our recognition that this was not just a one line issue, but this was a broad issue, was something that we were grappling with definitively in 2017.
Michael Phillips: Okay, Rob. Thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Sure. Thank you for calling in.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Joshua Shanker: Good evening everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Rob Berkley: Good evening 
Joshua Shanker: I'm sure Rich already filled you in. The last time you grew at this pace it was four -- it was 2Q 2014. And you were growing for 15 consecutive quarters through that point based on rate increases. If I start a clock back in 4Q 2010, during the last time pricing was driving up growth, it took Berkley about two years to show underlying combined ratio improvement and three years to show GAAP combined ratio margin improvement. Can you sort of give a compare and contrast a little bit between this sort of what's happening right now? What's happening then? And whether the lag in pricing, leading to better margins is likely to repeat like it did before or will it likely to come faster this time around?
Rob Berkley: Well, my two senses and Josh, I haven't -- we can have an off-line conversation where I can sort of examine our historical data with greater granularity. But my sense is that I wouldn't say we're comparing apples and oranges, but we're kind of comparing apples and pears, if you will. And so I can speak right now about the situation that we're facing. We have a sense as to what we believe our loss costs are running at. We have a sense as to what our margins are. We have a view as to the rate that we're getting. And from our perspective, when you see the type of rate increase that we got in the fourth quarter start to earn through, while we are not going to move too early, in a vacuum, one would think that, that should -- it's certainly our view that it will benefit our margins. But we are not going to shoot from the hip. We're going to -- as we always do, on day one, we try and book things in a measured way. And as it seasons out, then we will start to recognize it because, again, we do not want to declare victory prematurely. But at a high level, when we look at what we believe our trend is running at, and we look at the rate that we are achieving, we think when the dust settles, it is likely that margin improvement is incurring.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And then let me try and get at one other way about your level of optimism. So, we're at rates around 9% excluding workers' comp, if I look at the Insurance segment, we're at about 8% net written premium growth, up from 5% of the premium previous quarter. To what extent is exposure growing in those numbers versus just rate?
Rob Berkley: It really -- it depends on the -- if you will, the line of business. I mean, there are parts of our insurance business, where the exposure growth is growing. But when we talk about rate, that 9%, that is pure rate, that's not premium, if you will.
Joshua Shanker: So, is exposure as of right now? Has it changed from the previous quarter?
Rob Berkley: It's probably, give or take, flattish. It would be my best guess. And again, that's because from our perspective, I think as we've talked in the past call or two or maybe more that for the moment, we have been more focused on rate. But as we are seeing the rate get to a certain level, you're going to start to see our count grow.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you for all the answers. Appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thanks Josh. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Hi, good morning -- good afternoon, sorry. So, I guess, my first question just, Rob, is more around the loss trend itself. You've talked a bit about the acceleration in rate, pointed to social inflation, more pain for the industry to come. Can you try and quantify what you're seeing in terms of loss trends?
Rob Berkley: So, generally speaking, we don't really get into that level of granularity as far as loss trends go. From our perspective over the past few years, we think the industry has seen them accelerating with the exception of workers' compensation. But what I would tell you, I think, as we mentioned earlier, we think that the rate increase that we got in the fourth quarter very comfortably outpaces our loss cost assumptions in the aggregate.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then specifically maybe in the Reinsurance segment, where I think if we strip out catastrophes, we did see some deterioration in the accident -- in the loss ratio. Can you maybe talk about what drove that uptick?
Rob Berkley: Richard, do you recall? I don't -- we don't have it on our fingertips, but we'd be happy to try and give you a better answer than that. If you want to, just follow up with Karen, if you wouldn't mind.
Yaron Kinar: Sure. Yes, I'd be happy to do that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse.
Rob Berkley: Hi Mike. Good afternoon.
Mike Zaremski: Hey good afternoon. First question, in terms of the discussion around the industry experiencing more loss inflation than expected, do you have a view on whether a large portion of that pain, I guess, per se, will come from the very old accident years due to the statute limitation changes in a number of states? Or is this predominantly a last kind of five accident year coming from the stuff during the last five years?
Rob Berkley: Look, from my perspective, the change as far as the statute of limitations around sexual abuse, are probably just another compounding factor that has added to the pain. But I think that the industry would have found itself in the position it's in with that or without that, it's just another pressure point, if you will. So, I think that the industry made certain assumptions putting aside the change in the statute of limitations on sexual abuse. I think the industry has been making certain assumptions that this -- what has been, for many years, a very benign loss environment that, that would continue. And I think the industry got hooked on that and I think the industry is going to pay the price for that.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. And I--
Rob Berkley: I think -- just one thing that -- I think it is a price that the industry is going to pay. I think it is going to create pain. But I also think that there is a silver lining there. And its circumstances like this that serve as the catalyst for the industry to get a dose of reality and for it to start to operate in a more sensible way. And while the pain is unpleasant, it does force that change in behavior. And that's what helps us get to a better place as an industry. 
Mike Zaremski: Okay, that's helpful. And you touched on the loss environment, was benign for a while, and clearly, that's changed on the casualty side. And then kind of seems like it dovetails to the workers' comp comments you've been making the last couple of quarters. If you can elaborate that? I think you said during your prepared remarks that you're watching the severity piece of the equation. So, are you saying that severity is moving north, kind of what we're seeing in the -- in I guess, broader CPI? And is that one of the reasons you're pulling back exposure?
Rob Berkley: Look, we're -- if you look at our business as far as the premium, I think Rich may have mentioned this or it certainly was in the release, as far as comp goes, we're looking at the rates coming down. And as we see rate adequacy becoming less available, you're going to see us shrink that business. While severity is a problem, probably the even bigger driver is just the action that we're seeing state rating bureaus take. And the other piece is, we're seeing both monoline and multi-line players that are really chasing the business very hard. And we have a view as to what's adequate from a rate perspective, and we're just not going to chase it. We'll go right up to the line of adequacy, and we're not going to trip over that and certainly, we'll do our best not to. But I think the severity component just is something that people need to pay attention to. I think as we've maybe commented in the past, there are a lot of great things that come about as a result of science and technology and the things that healthcare can do to not to save people's lives, but also improve them. Those are wonderful things, but they come at a cost.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. Lastly -- thank you for that. In terms of the kind of the plain vanilla fixed income investment portfolio, is there -- do you have a rough idea of what the gap is between your new money yields and the existing portfolio yield?
Rob Berkley: Yes, I mean, it's roughly 100 basis points.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: Hey thanks. Good afternoon guys. Just keeping on workers' comp, had a couple there. First of all, I wanted to -- it sounded like in Rob's prepared remarks, you said that you guys are assuming negative trend. Is that true? Is the view into 2020, the trend is negative in workers' comp?
Rob Berkley: The answer is, yes, but very modest, very modest.
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And then I think, following up on the last question, clearly, workers' comp is a pretty significant piece of your topline. And you just talked about a little like the potential for reduction there. I'm curious how much variability -- if we have another year of soft rates, I mean, could we see that book shrink by 25% or 50% or something more manageable? Where would we see that reduction first?
Rob Berkley: I don't think you're going to see it shrink that much that quickly. That's for starters. But what I would tell you is, I think, the upside in the rest of the portfolio and the momentum that we're seeing there is going to way outstrip the reduction on the comp front for us. So, even with our underwriting discipline that we will demonstrate in all lines, including in comp and the consequence of that will be that portfolio may continue to shrink; the growth that we will see in the rest of the business will significantly overshadow that.
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then, I guess, going back to the discussion around the expectation that this quarter rate is an excessive trend, but Rob, you mentioned that for the past few years, you haven't been dropping your picks just because there's some margin of uncertainty out there. Should we take that to mean that if you're right, and it is an excessive trend here for 2020 that it might be more logical that where we end up seeing that or getting paid for that as shareholders could potentially be down the road in the form of favorable prior year development as opposed to in the near-term on the accident year loss ratio line?
Rob Berkley: I think the answer is both. But no one's going to know that except through the passage of time. There's a lot of moving pieces out there, and that's what's sort of driving or creating the circumstance that we're navigating through. I think it's pretty clear that we are comfortably, again, outpacing loss cost trend. I think that we will be in a position over time to recognize that with a greater degree of confidence. But we're not going to go too early on that. We're not going to declare a victory prematurely. So, do I think that it's going to come through? Yes, I do think it's going to come through. Do I think that as this year unfolds, we will have more and more evidence? Yes, I think we will have more evidence. And do I think that you will see that coming through, not over time just in development, but will you see that coming through in the current year? Yes, I think if things unfold the way we expect them to, you will see that. But again, we -- as we've shared with you all in 2019, in Q1, these are ex comp, we got 6.3% in Q1 and Q2, we got 5.4%, in Q3, we got 7.3%, in Q4, we got 8.9%. You can see the momentum is building, and we're going to watch that come through. And as it comes through and as there's clarity, we will take action. But we are comfortably convinced that it is going to come through. But even though we are comfortable, we are not going to respond prematurely. 
Ryan Tunis: Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW.
Rob Berkley: Hi Matt.
Meyer Shields: Hi, how are you?
Rob Berkley: Good. How are you? Thanks for calling in.
Meyer Shields: Good. Thank you. Thanks for taking my call. Two really quick questions. One, is there a risk of social inflation specific to workers' compensation?
Rob Berkley: Is there a risk to social inflation as it relates to workers' compensation? Yes, one could come up with ways that it could apply. But practically speaking, at this stage, benefits are clearly prescribed by each one of the states and as a result, it's pretty clear what that is and how that will be awarded and what those sums would be. To the extent that states decide to adjust those benefits more aggressively, yes, it's a possibility. But you got to remember, to a great extent because of how comp is priced off of payrolls, that's helping you keep up with certain types of inflation as well.
Meyer Shields: That's helpful. I was also wondering about on the frequency side, whether you could just be ramped up attorney advertising or something?
Rob Berkley: Yes, you see that. But generally speaking, the attorneys are not really chasing comp dollars. They're chasing auto liability, general liability, umbrella, et cetera, types of exposure or other capacity or coverage.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. And then second, so you sound, I think, very optimistic about growth prospects. I was wondering whether you could talk about reinsurance purchasing as a component of that as the fundamental profitability of business, fixed adds. Can we expect to change -- should we expect a change in the percentage of premiums that are used for reinsurance?
Rob Berkley: Well, obviously, we look at reinsurance as just another spend, and we try and be thoughtful about it. One of the benefits of our business because the vast majority of what we write are relatively modest limits that we are not captive to the reinsurance market, anything approaching like some others are. So, there are some covers that are really important for us to buy, but there are certainly many covers that we buy that if we don't think they make economic sense anymore, we are not compelled to buy them.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: Just two quick cleanup questions. The first question is on the discussion on the growth prospects and the opportunities you're seeing in both your E&S and primary. I know in the past, you've talked about your sweet spot, and you've said that where you can have limits, you try to go for $2 million or less and 90% of your book is that of your policies have that. I'm curious based on the flow of new business showing up, has there been any thought process in terms of shifting those limits or maybe picking sort of larger account size? Or maybe just help me understand are you letting all of that business pass by?
Rob Berkley: We write business that we feel like we have expertise in. That's sort of where it starts and where it ends. We, generally speaking -- well, we have tended to focus more on small accounts. But there are pockets of our business that we'll write some larger accounts. And we are an organization that is opportunistic. And each one of the people that run the businesses in the group and their respective teams understand the goal of the exercises, risk-adjusted return. So, while our focus is on smaller accounts, and I don't expect that you will see our mix shift dramatically, certainly, there are components of the market that are feeling more challenged than others. And to the extent we think there are opportunities to deploy capital in those areas, we will do so. Fortunately, we have the people with the knowledge and expertise to do that in a thoughtful and responsible way.
Amit Kumar: Got it. The second follow-up was on the discussion on the GL line for the industry and the hard market. And in the past, you said we are 12 to 24 months away from a hard market. Has that time line accelerated since we've last talked about just based on the level of issues that seem to be cropping up?
Rob Berkley: Yes. So, I don't know when it was, that I said 24 months. I think what I was at least trying to suggest, if I'm thinking -- if I'm recalling it correctly, was I had referenced how perhaps commercial auto was towards the front of the pack, and how we saw property coming along. I think we offered some commentary on professional liability, D&O, in particular, really accelerating and making up ground and GL being a bit behind. But I think what's happened is, as people are grappling with the broad circumstances that the market is facing, they are figuring out the GL -- the issues that they saw in auto and the issues that they saw in other places apply to GL, it's, A, it's coming into focus; and B, to people's credit, they're extrapolating from the noise they had in other lines and applying it to GL. So, I think that while GL has been a bit the caboose, I think it's going to make up some ground quickly or it is making up ground quickly.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's all I have. Thanks for all the--.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thanks Amit.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a question from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS.
Rob Berkley: Hi good afternoon Brian.
Brian Meredith: Hey, how are you doing? A couple of quick questions here for you. First, Rob, can you just talk about retail versus your E&S business? Are you seeing the same opportunities in retail, ex-workers' comp, obviously? Is that market just as firming up as the E&S market and your Lloyd's business?
Rob Berkley: I would tell you, well, first of all, the vast majority of what we write on an E&S basis is outside of Lloyd's. So, I think it's important to keep that in mind, though we do have a meaningful Lloyd's presence, and hopefully, it will be becoming more meaningful over time. But the place that we're seeing the most extreme opportunity would be in the E&S space and a bit in the facultative market, followed by just the general specialty market, which is both E&S and admitted. And some of it is wholesale and some of it is retail.
Brian Meredith: Okay. So, like I'm just thinking of your Continental Western Group, is that an area that you're seeing much rate activity?
Rob Berkley: So, we're seeing opportunity there. But I would suggest to you that overall; they are not seeing the same type of opportunity in the regional businesses that we are seeing in our E&S businesses. But there -- it would seem as though they're catching up. It's accelerating.
Brian Meredith: Great, that's helpful. And then second one, just a quick one, Rob. I recall, and you do have some exposure down in Australia. Anything that we need to think about here with respect to these Australian wildfires and exposure to those?
Rob Berkley: No. First of all, property is not a big part of what we do down there. And number two, based on what we've seen so far, obviously, it's a horrific situation, and our hearts go out to those that are affected on a personal level, but from a business perspective, while we may have a little bit of activity, it would really be just very modest, is our expectation.
Brian Meredith: Terrific. Thanks Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And I am not showing any further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back to Rob Berkley for his final remarks.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Carmen. We appreciate everyone calling in and we certainly appreciate the questions. As suggested earlier, from our perspective, this is the type of market that we are built for and we look forward to the opportunities that will continue to come our way. We think those opportunities will be accelerating from here. And we look forward to updating you in the coming quarters as to how we all are, as a team, capitalizing on those opportunities. Have a good evening.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for participating in today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate, and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future event or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Gigi, and good afternoon all. Thank you for joining us on our third quarter call this afternoon. So in addition to me also Bill Berkley, Executive Chairman and Rich Baio, Executive Vice President and CFO, are on the call. We're going to follow a similar schedule through what we've done in over the past couple of calls. And I'm going to hand it over to Rich. He's walking through some of the highlights of the quarter. Once he's through his with his comments, I will be adding a few thoughts. But in relatively short order, we will be moving it over to Q&A, and you'll have the three of us at your disposal to answer any questions you may have. So with that, Rich, if you would please.
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks Rob. Net income increased over the prior year to $165 million or $0.85 per share. Our results were favorably impacted by the accelerated growth in net premiums written of almost 8%, and improvement in our current accident either combined ratio excluding cat losses and higher foreign currency gains. Net investment income partially offset these favorable items due to investment funds reporting lower income, compared with a year ago quarter, but above our normalized range. The growth in net premiums written was attributable to all lines of business with the exception of workers' compensation, which continues to experience favorable frequency trends and rate pressure by the rating bureaus. Overall, net premiums written was approximately $1.75 billion in the third quarter of 2019. Premiums grew 5.1% to $1.5 billion in the insurance segment. The growth was led by an 11.9% increase in professional liability, followed by 11.2% in other liability and approximately 4% in commercial automobile and short tail lines. We also grew and that thing is written by almost 31% to approximately $220 million in our Reinsurance and Monoline Excess segment. The growth was in both property and casualty reinsurance. Pretax underwriting profits increased more than 61% to $107 million compared with $66 million a year ago. The improvement was primarily attributable to an increase in net premiums earned of 4.6%, particularly in areas that we expect to be more profitable, and low underwriting expenses relative to the gross in net premiums earned. The current accident year loss ratio, excluding cats, improved by 1.1 loss ratio point to 60.4% in the current quarter compared with 61.5% a year ago. In addition, cat losses in third quarter of 2019 declined 0.5 loss ratio point to 1.9%, or $31 million compared with $39 million or 2.4% last year. Finally, prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $4 million, representing approximately 0.2 loss ratio point. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio is 62.1% for the third quarter of 2019. The expense ratio improved by 0.9% to 31.5% quarter-over-quarter, and was consistent with the preceding consecutive quarter. The benefit in the expense ratio is driven by higher net premiums earned, as well as scale from our new businesses added during the past few years and operational efficiencies as we continue to find ways to automate our processes. As we've mentioned in the past, please remember that, our expense ratio may experience some variability as we continue to make investments in the business. This brings our reported combined ratio for the third quarter of 2019 to 93.6% and our current accident year combined ratio excluding cat to 91.9%. Despite changes in the investment environment, our core investment portfolio remained relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. As previously mentioned, our net investment income declined due to lower investment fund income. These investments generally reflect market value adjustments and can create a degree of variability from quarter-to-quarter as was evidenced by the $19 million reported in the current quarter compared with $41 million in the year ago quarter. Our investment funds have performed as anticipated in the current quarter and overtime. We have maintained an average rating of AA minus and slightly increased the average duration to 2.8 years for fixed maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents. We recognized foreign currency gains of $23 million in the current quarter, the predominance of which is attributable to the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to the Argentine peso and UK sterling. The effective tax rate was 18.6% for the quarter, which largely benefited from equity-based compensation. You may recall the accounting rules changed in 2017 that caused the increase in the value of equity-based compensation from planned date to be reflected as a benefit in income tax expense rather than stockholders' equity. Since the predominance of our equity-based compensation passed in August, our effective tax rate was favorably impacted in the quarter. Otherwise, our effective tax defers from the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21%, primarily because of tax exempt investment income, offset by foreign operations with the higher tax. Stockholders' equity increased to approximately $6.1 billion or $32.97 per share. Since the beginning of the year, book value per share increased 13.7% before dividends. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis was 12.2% on net income. Finally, we had strong cash flow from operations in the quarter of $392 million, as well as year-to-date with almost $800 million. Thank you.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Rich, thank you very much. Very clear, very helpful. So, my turn. Again, I will keep my comments relatively brief, because we certainly want to use this time in any manner that you all would like to. So I hear a few sound bites. Clearly stating the obvious, the fear factor is on the rise. If low interest rate -- interest rate environment and consistent and global cat activity over the past several years wasn't enough, it would seem as though social inflation is finally coming into focus for the broader audience. People are beginning to realize that it is real and it is here. Frequency of severity can no longer be ignored, both in the property space but even more so in the casualty space. In some ways when we look at the landscape, a few of us were chatting the other day and noting how, on a smaller scale there are some similarities to what we saw in the med-mal crisis back sort of around 2002, give or take. Where we saw a sudden a relatively sudden spike in claims activity, severity seem to spin out of control. And ultimately what eventually came into focus for society was that when you have these type of awards coming out of the legal system, it is society that pays the price one way or another. Back in the days of the med-mal crisis, whether it was that people could not access doctors in certain cities, towns and counties, or just the price of healthcare faced further pressure and it's going up because of the cost of insurance. It is a small data point relative to what we may be seeing in the broader casualty or professional, i.e. liability market, possibly these days. Should people be concerned? In our opinion, the answer is yes. Should people be surprised? In our opinion, the answer is no. We have for two and a half, three years, been beating the social inflation drum. We have been talking about what we have seen as much as four and five years ago in commercial auto. More recently, we have been talking about GL and much of the professional space as well. And we have been making our comments along the way that on the property front about how we felt there's much of the market was not appropriately pricing for the business. We have been making comments about the reinsurance market, which led to as you may recall over the past several years until recently or the past couple of quarters, our reinsurance business exercise the appropriate discipline and it shrink and it shrink dramatically. It was not till the past couple of quarters we saw that trend reverse. Social inflation is real, it is here and the industry is beginning to pay attention. It is something that we have been paying attention to for several years. We have not only been paying attention, we've been taking action. We've been addressing it, yes, in part through pricing. But the market will only let you do so much with pricing. We have been taking greater action through selection, terms and conditions, as well as attachment point. So I do not mean to suggest that we are completely insulated from the challenges that the industry faces. But do I think for a whole host of reasons, we are more well positioned, without a doubt. I think in addition to that, the nature of our portfolio being the one that tends to focus on smaller business, tends to naturally steer us away from some of the headline losses that we read about in the papers. Again, does not completely insulate us but leaves us with a disproportionately modest amount of exposure. So data points that we have shared with some of you in the past. Our average, excuse me, approximately 90% of our policies domestically have a policy limit of $2 million or less when we are legally allowed to have a policy limit, workers' comp by example being an exception. The average premium for one of our policies is approximately $11,000. So as you can see from these data points, we are not an insurer of the type of exposures that tend to grab the headlines. Turning to our quarter. Rich did a nice job walking you all through it. A couple of comments I will offer. In addition to his thoughts, the top-line, again, as he touched on, obviously, up considerably. Rate increases, as he referenced in the release, were meaningful, coming at actually at 7.4% for the quarter, excluding workers' compensation. We have heard a question about why do we exclude workers' compensation and our rate monitoring. I would have thought that we have addressed this in the past, but let me address it again for a good measure. For those that are not aware, workers' compensation and how the product is priced is heavily dependent on payroll. To the extent that payrolls are keeping up with inflation, that is a meaningful difference from other lines of business. So from our perspective, workers' comp, because and how it is priced off of payroll is a different animal to a great extent than many other lines that we track. So we felt as though it is more helpful to the audience to understand what the number is ex comp, because comp can be misleading or distort the texture. So, again 7.4 on the renewal retention ratio, that continues to sit around 80%. Again, as we've mentioned in the past, that gives us a sense that the portfolio is not shifting a great deal. We do not think we are particularly susceptible to adverse selection when we look at the 7.4 in context with the 80%. New business relativity, which again is not a perfect measure as we have talked about in the past for the quarter, came in at 1.037%. In other words, our best estimate is our new business, on average, is being charged 3.7% more than our renewal business. Again, as we have commented into the past, we think that makes sense. Given that we know more about our renewal book than we do about our new book, i.e. there is more unknown, more risk, which means we should be getting more rate. Accident year loss ratio, as Rich touched on, improved considerably. From our perspective, really the driver behind that is again mix of business in the underlying portfolio. We understand that the math from the outside looking in may not work perfectly, because you're looking at our loss ratio, you're trying to throw in some trend and then you're trying to throw in what type of rate we achieve. But one should not underestimate the impact that mix amongst other things has on that loss ratio. And again, when we look at it that is the big driver. Rich touched on the expense front. Congratulations and a heartfelt thanks to many people that continued to work tirelessly to make our business as efficient as possible, which presumably inner to the benefit of all stakeholders. A couple of comment just on the investment front, Rich covered that in some detail. I would just add the funds and the returns they generated in the quarter are really more normalized as he mentioned this time last year, or third quarter '18 was a bit of an exception, a happy one, but it was still an exception. And the last comment you may have noticed in Rich's comments or in the release perhaps, the duration move back out from 26 to 28. That was primarily a result of us using some cash to pay down a significant amount of debt during the quarter, which I think was about $440 million. So a couple of parting comments, I usually do this at the end of the call. But I've noticed that many of you drop-off before I get a chance to do it, because you've got your questions off your chest, so I'm going to tuck-in it now, so you can't escape. It is without a doubt a challenging moment for the industry. It is going to be particularly challenging for those that have not been both paying attention and taking action. The combination of low interest rates along with Mother Nature that doesn't seem to want to leave us alone on the cat front and then really the big nut out there being social inflation, this is a pressurized situation. We think that we will be disproportionately less impacted relative to many of our peers, because of the type of business that we operate and our approach to running the business. In addition to that, we think we are disproportionately well-positioned, because of the nature of business that we ride again. We think this shift in the marketplace is not going to be attempt to what we saw in 2011. And while no cycle is a mirror image of other cycles, there certainly are some of the fundamentals that are lining up that would suggest that, while it may not be like '86 it certainly could be, in some ways, attempt to 2002, 2003. This will undoubtedly create opportunity and benefit for the specialty space and in particular meaningful opportunity for the EMS space, which as you all know, is a significant and important part of our business. So Gigi, I am going to pause there and I will leave it to you to please open it up for questions, if you would.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Mike Zaremski: First Question, so as you and other insurers talk about higher loss trend, and actually you or the question, I guess would be, are you guys seeing higher lost trend. But I guess some people had sort of point out the fact that like many others, W. R. Berkley has seen decelerating levels of reserve releases. And so I guess just curious, does it make any sense for a company like Berkeley, which has a good underwriting track record, to become more cautious on its loss reserving practices in order to say like build a cushion for say, should loss trends accelerate further?
Rob Berkley: Mike, as you well know and others are acutely aware, one of the challenges of this industry is you don't know your cost of goods sold until after you have made the sale. And that leads to many consequences, including not always the level of precision that one would like. So to your point, we are conscious and have been conscious for some number of years, which is why we've been sharing the observations, making the points, waving the flag that the environment is changing that loss costs are on the move. That is why we have been measured. You can -- we can see that in the last text that we are using, we can see that and how quickly we are prepared to recognize development, we are trying to be measured. During a period of time that is stable, one does not need to exercise the same level of caution. But we have some time ago and as you look back at our commentary as well as our results. We have decided to be measured, because we are conscious of the environment shifting. And while we will not be able to quantify it perfectly other than through hindsight, we are paying close attention and want to make sure that we are being responsible.
Mike Zaremski: And so are you seeing loss trends move higher as one other insurer said they saw today and another an insurer earlier this week?
Rob Berkley: So we've been seeing, if I'm understanding correctly, we've been seeing what you're talking about for several years, depending on the product line you wish to drill down into. Commercial auto, we've been seeing it for five years. Some of the other lines, we've been seeing it for more than two, less than four. And I think one of the points that's worth noting and we learned this quite frankly the hard way with commercial auto is that the trend move and it moves quickly. So in an environment where things are not changing quickly, you realize you're behind, you raise your rates by what you think you need to raise it to and you feel like you hit the bulls eye. The problem is over the past few years, and it continues to be the case, the bulls eye is moving quickly. So you can address that through rate. In some cases, I don't think rate is the optimal way to address it. Sometimes, you really need to be doing it to terms, conditions, attachment points and selection.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. One follow-up on Commercial Auto. Would you be willing to share whether your commercial auto has a big element of Monoline or is it mostly package?
Rob Berkley: We have both.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, and
Rob Berkley: And we have a meaningful amount of both. So we will write everything from Monoline long haul trucking. We write a fair amount of excess transportation, or vehicular and a lot of it is truck. Then of course, we're writing some commercial auto that's part of a package as well. Some of the challenges that the industry is facing, I think came into focus earlier for the long haul Monoline stuff. I think some of the package stuff came into focus a little more slowly, or more recently. But that would just be experience. I can't speak for the industry.
Operator: Our next question is from Joshua Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Joshua Shanker: So you have obviously made a centerpiece of your discussion, the way that social inflation's impacting the industry's numbers. Can you talk about, given that we had a number of years of benign inflation, I think over the last decade. When the inflection point is that social inflation had become an issue and how you have been reserving for that in your numbers, timing wise?
Rob Berkley: So we started, depending on the product line, we started noticing something was percolating, give or take three years ago, some lines it was a little bit more, sometimes at some lines it was a little more recent. And we certainly -- it didn't just wear its head all at once and you started to see incremental signs of it and we dug in. And as a result of that, we started to take what we viewed as appropriate action both on the reserving side but even more so prospectively on how we were selecting and offering covers and pricing. As far as the details around specifically how we reserve for different product lines, that's typically not something that we would be getting into as far as that type of detail on this call. If you're looking for a lot more granularity, you're welcome to give Karen a call and of course she will share with you whatever she can without obviously being mindful of the regulations and the law.
Joshua Shanker: Yes, of course. I guess, if we think about -- it's hard to talk about a phenomenon as like IBNR, but those reserves that you put up three years ago than anticipated. Have they been met with claims in line with expectation? Or is there still a material amount of adding between what you expect the social inflation to be and where you set the reserve for?
Rob Berkley: Josh, when we look at our reserves, we obviously -- we have 53 operating units. We have a variety of different products. And ultimately, there're some places where we've gotten a little bit long there, some places we get it a little bit cold. But in the aggregate, we're pretty comfortable with where things stand. So again, I'm reluctant because it's just I don't think really in the best interest of our shareholders to start talking about chapter and verse how we reserve by product line. But from our perspective, we are very comfortable with our reserves. And what seems to be coming into focus for the industry is something that we started to contemplate some number of years ago. And yes, in part that is included in the last text that we have used in the more recent years, and we are -- I'm comfortable with it.
Joshua Shanker: And then on submission flow, obviously, you guys are aware that 2019, Lloyd's as a distribution center or as a, at point of sale, pull back from the market to some extent, giving a lot of your businesses, and look at the business they may not have seen before. Looking at 2020 and what you're seeing in the market right now, do you expect Lloyd's to be more aggressive? Do expect to see as much submission next year as you saw this year? How do you think that's going to shake up compared to, '18, to '19 to '20?
Rob Berkley: So as far as Lloyd's goes, while they do have a presence in the casualty and the professional market, they are certainly much more short-tail marketplace than they are a long-tail, or liability market. That being said, we certainly have benefited from a change in appetite by many market participants. I'm not singling out Lloyd's. How they will choose to behave and what their appetite will be for the 2020 year and beyond, I think that's a better question for Mr. Neal and Mr. Hancock than me. Having said that, it is our expectation that much of what we're seeing gone in the marketplace where capacity is being constrained, not just by Lloyd's but by many other household names where most situations where there were once willing to put out $50 million, $25 million chunks of capacity, now they are looking to put out $5 million and $10 million of capacity. That is something that is innerving to the benefit of all market participants. So we are clearly seeing a growing number of lines where I wouldn't say there is an absence of capacity, but capacity is clearly tighter.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. And our next question is from Sean Reitenbach from KBW. Your line is now open.
Sean Reitenbach: So in terms of pricing, do you guys still see pricing accelerate throughout the quarter, and which lines are you -- are still need the most rates in your view?
Rob Berkley: So clearly, we saw the momentum continued to build as far as rate goes in the third quarter, when you compare to any data point earlier this year or for that matter of data points last year on the rate front. Again, ex-workers' compensation, workers' comp continue to move in the other direction. As far as lines of business that need the most rate from our perspective, there is a broad rate need for the industry. And we are looking forward to rates continuing to move up from where they are. And once they reach a certain level, I think you'll see us start to grow the business more aggressively. But we have to pull our horns in some lines of business over the past couple years, because of market condition. And whether that was the terms and conditions or pricing that wouldn't sell that was the reality as the market is moving more towards what we think is a responsible place, you'll see us expand. But as far as where the rates going to go, I would suggest to you to look -- getting the earliest, that's where probably you will have the most rate increase and just the overall most firming in the market.
Sean Reitenbach: And then on the tort in social inflation environment, to what extent you guys still expect this to continue to get worse over the next 12 months or longer? And how much do you think is a -- is it a political [indiscernible] of court justices or in broader societal movement that might be a little tougher to ultimately reverse or even stabilize?
Rob Berkley: You want to comment on it?
Bill Berkley: I think you're really looking at several things going on at the same time. Society wise, as we can clearly see in the political process, we're really seeing a group of people who are fermenting resentment of those who have. We're seeing in court decisions that make no economic sense that court is trying to punish people. And as we start to see that, that's going to continue until people realize that the people who really get punished and people who ultimately have to buy insurance as Rob talked about the malpractice situation. The reality of the system is the decisions are worse the trends are not going to change. We have a while before you're going to see a change. A while meaning you probably have, on the short end, it would be 18 months, on the longer end three years. But there's a while. People are unhappy and angry and that resentment is coming from court decision. And you're seeing more and more of those Obama judges in courts supporting those decisions. So I think that things will get more difficult for a while on all fronts.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Well, we certainly thank everyone for their time. And from our perspective, it was a solid quarter. When we look at on the horizon, as suggested earlier, we think it's not without its challenges, but our organization is particularly well positioned to take advantage of it. Given our product offerings, given how we participate in the marketplace and given that we think we are on a strong foundation, it will allow us to capitalize on what it will undoubtedly be a more challenging market, which will also undoubtedly provide opportunity. Thank you all very much. Have a good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018, and our other filings made with the SEC for the description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future event or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Dylan, thank you very much, and thank you all for joining our call today and welcome to our second quarter call. So on this end of the phone as in the past is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chair; and Rich Baio, our CFO, along with of course myself. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we did last time around where Rich is going to walk you through some of the highlights from the quarter and frame it for you a bit. And once you've gotten through his comments, I'm going to offer a few relatively brief comments, and then we will be turning it over to all of you to address any questions that you may have. So with that, Rich, if you would, please.
Rich Baio: Great, thanks, rob. We had a strong quarter with net income increasing by more than 20% to $217 million from $180 million a year ago. Earnings per share was $1.12 for the current quarter compared with $0.93 per share. All per share information in our earnings release has been adjusted for the 3-for-2 common stock split affected on April 2nd, 2019. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis improved 2.6 points from the prior year to 15.9%. Our earnings improved over the year ago quarter primarily due to higher pre-tax underwriting profits and net investment income driven by investment funds along with higher investment gains. Due to less volatility and foreign currency exchange rates in the quarter, we did not recognize the degree of income statement effect as experienced in the same quarter last year. Pre-tax underwriting profits increased 24% to $100 million compared with $81 million a year ago. The improvement was primarily attributable to an increase in net premiums earned of 4.2% and lower underwriting expenses of 1.7%. Offsetting these favorable changes was higher catastrophe losses compared to the same period last year. The current quarters catastrophe losses of $26 million or 1.5 loss ratio points are more typical for second quarter if you were to look back over the recent past. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $7 million representing approximately 0.4 loss ratio points. The current accident year loss ratio before cat was largely unchanged at 61.3% for the current quarter. Accordingly, pre-tax underwriting profits on an accident year basis excluding cat was $119 million compared with $87 million from a year ago representing an increase of approximately 36%. Profitable growth in net premiums written is continuing to contribute to the favorable underwriting performance of the company. Our net premiums written accelerated in the current quarter and increased 7.3% quarter-over-quarter to approximately $1.75 billion. The growth came from both segments of our business. The Insurance segment grew 5.6% to approximately $1.6 billion and the Reinsurance and Monoline Excess segment grew approximately 27% to $169 million. The growth in the Insurance segment was led by a 12.6% increase in professional liability, followed by increases in other liability of 8.4% short-tail lines of 8.1% and commercial automobile of 7%. Workers compensation declined 4.1% reflecting the competitive marketplace and rate pressure from the rating bureaus in most states. We also grew in each of our operations in the Reinsurance and Monoline Excess segments. The expense ratio improved by 1.8% to 31.5% quarter-over-quarter and 0.8% better than the proceeding consecutive quarter. The benefit in the expense ratio is driven by higher net premiums earned as well as lower underwriting expenses as I previously mentioned. The improvement in underwriting expenses is primarily attributable to operating efficiencies and automation of our processes. We also recognize the non-recurring benefit in our underwriting expenses of approximately 0.5%. Please remember that our expense ratio may experience some variability as we continue to make investments in the business. This brings our reported combined ratio for the second quarter of 2019 to 93.9% and our accident year combined ratio excluding cats to 92.8%. Net investment income increased 23% to $188 million. The growth in the quarterly investment income was primarily attributable to investment funds resulting from higher mark-to-market adjustments. Weve remained steadfast on our total return strategy in spite of the unpredictable interest rate environment. Accordingly, we have maintained an average rating of AA minus and slightly reduced the average duration to 2.6 years for fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents. We believe our approach positions us well to limited adverse impact from a balance sheet perspective and upside should interest rates improve in the foreseeable future. We reported pre-tax net realized and unrealized gains on investments of $74 million. The majority of these gains are attributable to an increase in market value on preferred stock investments in Fannie and Freddie. The effective tax rate was 20.6% for the quarter. The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. Federal income tax rate of 21% primarily because of tax exempt investment income, offset by foreign operations with the higher tax. Stockholders' equity increased nearly 4% or approximately $217 million from the prior consecutive quarter and grew almost 10% on a year-to-date basis or $539 million. In the current quarter, we returned capital of $112 million including $92 million of special dividends. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Great. Thank you, Rich. That was perfect. So let me just offer a couple of thoughts through my lens, through our lens, complementing some of the Richard's comments. Clearly from our perspective, this is a market that continues to go through transition. It's very much, in our opinion, a natural or expected continuation from what we saw in Q1. I think the only difference is that the pace of change seems to be accelerating. A couple of examples or data points to share with you. We are seeing a growing number of carriers reducing their capacity or their line size if you like, and also in addition to that a growing number of examples of where people are actually exiting product lines all together. We're seeing tightening of terms and conditions. Obviously, we are seeing rate increases across the board, as Rich mentioned, with the exception of workers' comp, which, certainly is the one major product line moving in the other direction. Granted, all these other product lines and the rates they're getting, they're not moving up all in perfect lock steps, but directionally we are pleased to see things moving in a positive direction. And perhaps the piece that is the most meaningful from our perspective is in the second quarter we saw an increasing number of examples or I would go so far as to say a developing trend of business getting ticked out of the standard market and making its way into the specialty/E&S market and in addition to that an increasing demand for facultative reinsurance. All historically signs or classic indicators of a firming market, particularly when you have all of these pieces, are lining up the way they seem to be. Maybe getting a little more granular on some of the major product lines as far as property goes, cat exposed property clearly out in front as far as rate increases or just an overall firming market. Property thats not cat exposed is probably a pace behind or the property risk market. Commercial Auto is a close second there and it continues to move forward. Having said that, there are components of the professional lines markets, particularly D&O and even more in particular, public D&O but D&O across the board would, I should say are really getting meaningful rate increases. The momentum continues to build their. GL has been lacking or lagging if you like a little bit, though we are seeing signs of the momentum building there and I would expect that before the end of the year you're going to see increasing momentum around the GL line. Comp, as I've mentioned and Rich touched on earlier as well is the one part of the market where conditions are becoming more competitive as opposed to less competitive. Having said that before people overreact, I would remind you as it relates to keeping up with the inflation component of loss cost because of how the product is priced as we've mentioned in the past off of payrolls, there is a effectively a natural way to keep up with certain types of inflation. Long story short, it's the same old story. Yes, as we've discussed, we have better data and we have better analytics but the fact is, this industry responds to pain. And there is a growing amount of pain that is what is driving the change in behavior and there is a growing amount of evidence that, that pain is going to increase or escalate or if you like build from here, which undoubtedly will drive the market to tighten further and obviously that tightening will occur in many ways, several of which I mentioned earlier. A couple of more specific reflections on our quarter, again, Rich did a great job putting a bar around it. But by true sense  by virtually any measure a really good quarter, a 15.9% return just drive a 16% return in this environment is pretty terrific. And from our perspective there is an even more encouraging component. That is if you peel a few layers back some of the fundamentals are pointing to an improving situation, i.e., top line growing at more than 7%. I would offer the thought that this is the most or the highest growth rate if you like that we have had. Rick, what were talked  is it five years?
Rich Baio: Yes.
Rob Berkley: Five years or so. And clearly that will benefit us in many ways, included in that will be a benefit of higher earned premium coming down the road, which will leverage our expenses that much more and we'll benefit on the expense ratio side, and obviously there are other positives that will come from the growth. Rate increases for the quarter were just shy of 5.5%, again a very healthy clip from our perspective. We believe comfortably outpacing trend and we'll nurture the benefit on many levels in particular the loss ratio we think we will be improving in the future as well. Few sound bites on the investment front, clearly a very strong quarter in particular the investment funds, as Rich mentioned earlier, as it relates to duration on the fixed income portfolio, shortened ever so slightly to the 2.6. Again, as Rich had touched on, we dont see it coming in much from there. Having said that, there's not a lot of reason, not a lot of justification for taking the duration out at this stage. And as we have harped on in the past and continue to be very wed to, flexibility and quality when it comes to the investment portfolio is of paramount importance to us. The alternative investment portfolio and that is really yielded a lot of terrific gains over the past many years. We continue to see great promise there. As Ive mentioned, I believe last quarter or within the past couple of quarters, the pipeline of gains that we have there as both a broad and deep and over what we would  our best estimate at this stage of sort of six, nine, 12 months or so, we would imagine there will be some meaningful gains that are going to be coming through that  that currently are not visible on our balance sheet. So before we flip it over to questions, I guess one last comment from me and that is reverting back to some of the earlier comments. The market is clearly transitioning and it's transitioning or the table is being set for the ideal underwriting market for an organization like ours. If you look at our history, when things start to move in this direction and the market begins to shift, we are able to pivot in a particularly nimble manner and capitalize on the opportunity. So I think collectively, I'm on this end of the phone we are cautiously enthusiastic but with good reason for where things are going for the next many quarters. So let me pause there, and then we would like to open it up for questions at this time if you could, please.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Hi, good afternoon. First question, you guys will probably think this is a nitpick, but you mentioned in the press release that P&C pricing is over 5%. Last quarter you said it was over 6%, so it seems like a little bit of deceleration, which doesn't match with your commentary about the market transitioning to a better place. Any color there?
Bill Berkley: Yes, I would encourage you not to start getting stuck in the basis points, if you will. My take on it and I certainly took note of what you've observed as well. But when we dug in, it's really driven by mix of business during the period. I think if anything and again we have the ability to dig a little deeper than you can. Our sense is that the momentum is stronger in Q2 than it was in Q1, and that headline number I would not use as a barometer from my perspective. Again it's really due to mix of business during the period.
Mike Zaremski: Okay, great. And next, in terms of the market transition you had  it doesn't seem to me the impetus that you're talking to is coming from interest rates because I'd assume that new money rates for everybody, including yourself, maybe I'm wrong are  are some of the headwind on the fixed income side. And maybe you can touch on that and also let us know if that is a headwind in terms of your fixed yields prospectively?
Bill Berkley: Look, I think that we face the same challenges as everybody else in a low interest rate environment. It looks like its heading lower. I think that the investment portfolio for anyone in the industry is not going to bail out underwriting at this stage. Having said that, even if you were in some of the normal or more traditional investment or interest rate environment, I think that there's enough challenge that's coming as a result of historic underwriting decisions over the past few years that is going to drive the change in behavior. So I think it's sort of insult to injury, if you will, but the reality is that this is an industry that made assumptions that some of the benign transit we have seen over the past many years would continue. And it is pretty clear that they are not. Certainly you can see that first how loss cost trends are being affected for the industry overall. And some people were more aggressive in their assumptions, and I think that's proving to be a problem for some. We have as an organization been beating the social inflation drum for an extended period of time will be measured in quarters maybe years at this stage, because we saw the bits and pieces and we started to triangulate off that and we've been concerned about what that meant, which is one of the reasons why you saw us having the discipline? Why you saw parts of our business over the past couple of years not growing? Why you've seen our growth rate reduced dramatically? But now that we're seeing the marketplace responding accordingly, it's given us the opportunity to open up the spigot again though in a thoughtful and measured way. So, investment returns and the challenges around those are not the sole driver, but clearly they are not going to bail anybody out.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Phillips from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Mike.
Mike Phillips: Good afternoon. Thanks, Rob. Last quarter, you gave what I guess could be called somewhat cautious commentary on your view of worker's comp, I guess particularly on frequency and maybe the sustainability of the frequency trends in comp. So I guess, I'm wondering if anything sense that  those commentary, anything develop that you would see kind of to back that up?
Rob Berkley: Look from our perspective we continued to think that comp is the one outlier as mentioned earlier, the transitioning in the opposite direction of everything else. Youve seen action and you continue to see action by state rating bureaus, thats pretty aggressive in our opinion. I think it's a little bit early to really reach a conclusion as to where  what the loss cost trends will remain benign. There is a lot of things that would support they will. There is a lot of data that would suggest that you're going to see a pickup particularly in the frequency line. I think as we touched on last quarter, I'll now  Ill reference again in a tight labor market, when you have more people working overtime and you have a lot of people in jobs that they are not as well trained for, that's often time value as accidents and unfortunately people could get hurt and that can lead to frequencies. So, when we look out as far as the comp line goes, we think that there are clearly pockets where there is still opportunity, but we are being measured and cautious. I think thats really the difference between being a specialty player and just being a standard player. The comp line like any other line that we participate in expertise and knowledge and experience make a difference. 
Mike Phillips: Thanks. Thanks for that. I guess second question is, obviously a lot of your growth by line and insurance relates to a lot of the most commentary on REITs. And you mentioned professional liability and others. I guess I think you said GL is kind of lagging there. Youll see some signs of momentum there, but it's been lagging. I guess if I look at your premium growth and the other liability, it's pretty strong in the quarter. So I'm curious what or where that's coming from?
Rob Berkley: Yes. My comments were about GL across the board. I would tell you the most significant growth that we're seeing is taking advantage of some of the things that I was referencing as a business selling out of the standard in to the E&S market where we are able to get the price, the terms and conditions that we want. I don't think GL across the board has gotten the momentum that you will see it have in all likelihood towards the end of this year or early next year. And I think that is on a trajectory that is likely to follow something akin to what you've seen in parts of the professional space or the Commercial Auto space. This hasn't gotten there yet. Its got a little more tail to it so it takes a little more time for the pain to come into focus, but it's common.
Mike Phillips: Okay. Yes, makes sense. Thanks Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon, Amit.
Amit Kumar: Yes, hey, thanks. Maybe two questions on Commercial Auto, let's start with those. I was wondering, earlier today there was a lot of discussion on the Travelers call on Commercial Auto as well as the continued aggressiveness of the Plaintiffs bar and I think in response to Mike's question you mentioned social inflation.
Rob Berkley: Yes.
Amit Kumar: Could you just maybe elaborate and share your view, because it seemed like, at least on the Travelers call, it seemed like a continuation and maybe a bit more uptick in what they might have seen in Q1 to Q2. What trends are you seeing maybe in your book and if you have some broad comments on that?
Rob Berkley: Yes, I can't comment on what's going on over at the Travelers, Alan and the gang over there, they're very smart, capable people. But they would be more well-positioned to comment on their portfolio. As far as ours  look, we continue to see Commercial Auto as a challenging line and that's why we are getting the rate that we're getting, and in spite of all the rate that we're getting, we're seeing the line grow. But quite frankly, the top-line is growing slower than the rate that we're achieving. And I think you could probably triangulate off of those data points. It tells you something. Commercial Auto is challenge, it's been challenged for a while when we look at our data and our experience we've had concerns about it for what has been measured in years, which is why we've been pushing for rate as long as we have, and that's why you've seen in that product line shrink, a lot of bit,  excuse me, quite a bit over the last couple of years. But more recently, we're seeing it grow because we're able to really get the rate that we think we need.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And as it relates to Commercial Auto, last month you formed Berkley Prime Transportation and I was curious where does that fit in terms of your current Commercial Auto book and what is the mandate of that sub-segment versus what you might be writing right now?
Rob Berkley: So we have many operations like Commercial Auto, some write as Monoline, some write this as part of a package or a multi-line offering. We have some folks that write it on a primary basis others that write Excess and so on and so forth. This is just another operation that we are pleased to provide capital to that we think is loan by a group of people that have great expertise and can generate good risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders.
Amit Kumar: Okay. The third and the final question on capital management, I guess should we think about future capital management differently, just based on the current opportunities in the marketplace?
Rob Berkley: Right. This is Bill. He's looking in the
Bill Berkley: He is the head of our repurchase debt.
Rob Berkley: I think the capital management is not only about our business, it's about the environment, it's about cost-of-capital and alternative supplies of capital. I think in the current environment, we've had giving dividends to shareholders as special dividends was the best use of excess capital we were generating. And if you ask me today, what would that be, it would be the same answer. But tomorrow it could be different and I don't have a particular overall view. We continue to view capital management as one of the key elements in delivering real returns to the owners of our Company and we view this business as our shareholders are the owners of the Company. So our view is how do we optimize their investor outcome and that's either producing the number of shares outstanding by buybacks, and special dividends, expanding the business and we try and look at where that is at any moment in time. That's still our view. What those variables will be at the moment in time when we decide we have excess capital and we don't see a use for within a certain timeframe hasn't changed the moment. So today if you asked me it would be special dividends, but obviously tomorrow that could change.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks for all the answers and good luck for the future.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joshua Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Josh. Good afternoon.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you. Good afternoon and most of my questions have been answered, but I'll just ask you a question about pain a little bit. For a businesses that have large workers' comp portfolios, are they more immune to the pain that the workers' comp reserves will be able to offset weakness elsewhere and allow them to weather the storm better?
Rob Berkley: Josh, it's very hard for us to opine on somebody else's reserves as I'm sure you could appreciate, different organizations have different methodologies and approaches to how they set reserves. The one comment I would offer is that historically in a competitive environment, large accounts are the ones that have the pricing that get gutted the most or in other words it becomes the most competitive. I'm not going to bore you with my speech about what a bunch of baloney it is to give large account discounts because that's just  well, I can say that for you for another time. But I think workers comp included from my perspective, I see it a little differently than what your question may have suggested.
Joshua Shanker: And then as a competitive environment in workers' comp, to what extent are the current trends in pricing, the regulators bequeathing rate changes upon the underwriters? And to what extent is it competitive behaviors from the underwriters that are driving the train?
Rob Berkley: I think it's a combination of both and what percentage of one versus the other ranges by territory and a component of the account market. Probably, the rating bureaus clearly are taking meaningful actions. At the same time, it has been surprising to me perhaps to others, how quickly some of the national carriers with a multi-line offering are getting very aggressive and what I would define some territories that can be very volatile and some niches that I think require meaningful expertise.
Joshua Shanker: Well, thank you for the color and good luck for the remainder of the year.
Rob Berkley: Thanks Jeff. Appreciate you calling in.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Hi. Rob, I was hoping you could dig in a little more to the comments about increasing demand for facultative cover in terms of which lines, maybe regions that's most significant.
Rob Berkley: You know, I don't mean to be cute, but generally speaking we just don't give that level of granularity because we're not looking to send out invitations to the oasis or the watering hole. I would tell you that a good indicator is wherever you see the overarching market firming the most is probably where you're seeing the most flow come into the facultative market.
Meyer Shields: Okay. But there's no reason that wouldn't be happening in liability as opposed to property lines.
Rob Berkley: I think it's probably no different, but my view is that it's no different than what you're seeing in the Insurance market. I figure that the property market overall, particularly cat exposed property, is probably about a pace or so ahead of the casualty market, but directionally they're moving together.
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's helpful. The second question, I'm just trying to figure out how things are working now. You mentioned the sort of cyclical return of some business from standard to specialty markets. Is that still going? Is it going through the wholesale channel? Or also distribution channel again, the same way as it has in the past or has any of that now placed by retail agents with specialty carriers?
Rob Berkley: Yeah, I don't have the specific data on that, but I would tell you that seemingly the Lion's share of the E&S businesses is still going through a wholesale broker. Do I think that there are examples of other ways businesses retailers accessing? Yes, but again, I think due to expertise amongst other things and it continues to be very, very much predominantly wholesale brokers.
Meyer Shields: Okay, fantastic. Thanks so much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good afternoon. Robert, I think in your opening comments you said that the company is cautiously enthusiastic here. And I guess I'd like to maybe understand the qualification here a bit cautiously or why wouldn't you pounce already given the current market conditions? I guess I'm looking at your accident year loss ratio, its quite stable. The loss picks are certainly below average. You have an improving expense ratio. So why not take more opportunity here to take market share?
Rob Berkley: So, look by nature we are  we'd like to at least think and we try to be a thoughtful and measured organization. We are  I am cautiously optimistic. We are cautiously optimistic, but we are optimistic. Clearly, as I suggested, we have more confidence as to where things are going this quarter or the end of  reflecting on Q2 than we did reflecting on Q1. There is a growing amount of evidence that the momentum is likely to build from here. But we have  this isn't our first time around as an organization and we've got a lot of historic knowledge and expertise. The way that you play the cycle or a cycle management if you like, we stand ready to open up the spigot as widely as we think the opportunity presents itself. But please understand the way we tend to do this is it's on a dimmer switch, if you will and we're seeing  it's not just a traditional switch worth on and off. We are seeing a growing number of opportunities and as we see those opportunities we are looking to take advantage of them on behalf of our shareholders. But it hasn't gotten to the point where everything across the board is a green light. We are seeing more green lights, but it's not all green lights.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, understood. And then going back to Commercial Auto, could you maybe talk about where you are seeing opportunities within Commercial Auto?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think that generally speaking, we think the Commercial Auto space has been and continues to firm across the board. There are pockets where we think the level of firming is adequate that it makes sense to write more business and we are growing. And there are pockets, while we're pleased to see that it's been directionally firming, it has not gotten to the point that we think it makes sense to write the business or expand our footprint. But beyond that I don't think it makes sense and my colleagues don't think it makes sense. We don't think it makes sense to get into a lot more detail. It just wouldn't be in the best interest of our shareholders.
Yaron Kinar: Okay, thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] I shouldn't have further questions in the queue at this time, sir. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Dylan, thank you very much for your assistance and we certainly appreciate everyone calling in. As demonstrated in the results, and certainly, hopefully people picked up in the comments, we think that it's not only a good quarter as far as the financial results, but the fundamentals are in place for us to build the momentum from here. So we look forward to updating you in about 90 days. Thank you again for your time.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for attending today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the businesses environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you very much, Jimmy, and good afternoon all again, and thank you for joining us. So with me on this end, we also have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our EVP, CFO, CPA and probably a bunch of other acronyms as well. So we're going to change the agenda around a little bit from what we've followed in the past and we're going to start off with Rich walking you through the quarter hitting some of the highlights and framing it for you a bit. And then, I will follow-on his comments with a few brief thoughts and we will quickly make our way over to Q&A. So Rich, if you would please.
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. To begin with, our results are adjusted to reflect a 3-for-2 stock split. We reported an increase in net income of approximately 9% to $181 million or $0.94 per share. This compares with $166 million or $0.87 per share for the prior year's quarter. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis improved one point to 13.3%. Pretax underwriting income improved in the quarter, along with net investment income from our core investment portfolio, net investment gains and foreign currency gains. Offsetting these improvements is lower net investment income from investment fund and higher nonrecurring other cost and expenses for performance-based compensation. Pretax cat losses in the quarter were $12.7 million or 0.8 loss ratio point. We did experience slightly elevated non-cat weather related losses through the winter storm event. The total non-cat weather related losses amounted to 0.9 loss ratio point. Both cat and non-cat weather-related losses were in line with expectations and within a reasonable range of our reported results over the past several years. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $7 million or 0.4 loss points compared with $12 million or 0.8 loss points for the same period last year. Accordingly, the current accident year loss ratio before cats of 61.6% was largely unchanged from the year ago quarter. To level set the comparable periods, pretax underwriting income on an accident year basis excluding cats was $96 million compared with prior year's quarter of $79 million representing an increase of approximately 22%. Before discussing the segment results, we have highlighted for numerous quarters that our reinsurance operations declined due to the competitive nature of the business. As such, the reinsurance business has become a more modest percentage of the overall group. We have continued to evaluate our reporting segments and concluded we should reclassify an operation as solely retained risk on an excess basis. This reclassified business has similar characteristics to the excess of loss reinsurance business. To this end, we've renamed the Reinsurance segment to Reinsurance & Monoline Excess. Net premiums written increased 2.7% to approximately $1.7 billion. The Insurance segment grew 1.6% to about $1.5 billion, while the Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment grew to $212 million. The expense ratio improved by 0.9% to 32.3% quarter-over-quarter and 0.6% better than the preceding consecutive quarter. The benefit in the expense ratio was driven by higher net earnings premium as well as lower underwriting expenses. In dollar terms, underwriting expenses declined 1.2%, while net premiums earned increased 1.6%. The improvement in underwriting expenses is primarily attributable to lower commissions and compensation. We continue to innovate and bring operational efficiencies to the business and expect to benefit from these initiatives. As a reminder, the improvement in our expense ratio may not be a smooth linear decline due to investments we are making in the business. This brings our reported combined ratio for the first quarter 2019 to 94.3% and our accident year combined ratio excluding cats to 93.9%. Net investment income is $158.3 million compared with $174.5 million for the year ago quarter. The core investment portfolio increased approximately $7 million or 5.6% led by six maturity securities with an investment yield of 3.6%. The arbitrage trading account, which focuses on publicly announced M&A transactions also improved 104% to approximately $11 million. Investment funds declined to $11 million, primarily due to real estate and energy funds. You may recall that first quarter 2018 reflected significant mark-to-market adjustments in the real estate funds contributing to the heightened investment income from investment fund of $40 million. The current quarter's investment income from investment funds of $11 million is marginally below our expected range, primarily due to mark-to-market adjustments on energy funds. We also have maintained an average rating of AA minus and slightly reduced the average duration to 2.7 years for fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents. We are well-positioned to benefit from rising interest rate, while minimizing any adverse impact on the balance sheet. We reported pre-tax net realized and unrealized gains on investments of $69 million. First quarter 2019 marks the first quarter of comparable accounting treatment for equity securities, as it relates to the change in unrealized gains and losses through the income statement. The pre-tax realized gains from the sale of investments amounted to $27 million and the change in pre-tax unrealized gains on equity securities was $42 million.  The effective tax rate was 20.8% for the quarter, largely unchanged from a year ago. The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. Federal income tax rate for 21%, primarily because of tax-exempt investment income offset by foreign operations with a higher tax. Stockholders' equity increased 6% or approximately $325 million from the prior consecutive quarter. The growth in book value was comprised of strong quarterly earnings, as well as an increase in after-tax unrealized investment gains of $125 million and a reduction in the currency translation loss of approximately $20 million. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thanks very much. So, let me offer a couple of quick thoughts and again as promised we'll get on to your questions in short order. So, I had an opportunity as I was trying to stare out the window and figure out what I could share with you all beyond Rich's comments. And one of the thoughts at my mind I've been drawn back to is something that my boss taught me early in my career in the industry. And that is that for the industry to change, it always seems to take longer than you would expect it would or than it should. And that was clearly the case a couple of decades ago when I was taught that lesson and I think it's still the case today in spite of the fact that we have better data and analytics. I think the other piece that was shared with me or thought that was shared with me is that as a result of that delay and recognizing the need for change or the opportunity for change, when things look bad they tend to actually end up being worse than you expect, and when things look good they tend to actually be better than you expect. I think those two thoughts apply very well to the industry everyday, but they are particularly applicable these days. The property market everyone expected would have shifted after the cat activity that we saw in 2017. It didn't respond in early 2018. We are now seeing early signs, but meaningful signs that it is responding to the cat activity. The casualty market perhaps even more impaired, but not as visible, because the nature of the business and the time that it takes for the results to come through is perhaps equally challenged in the position that it is in. From our perspective, with the exception of workers' compensation, by and large every nature and line of business within the commercial line space is in some point of firming. It is worth noting, as we've commented in the past, all product lines do not march in perfect lockstep with one another. But from our perspective also directionally they are moving together, again with comp being the exception.  One of the data points that we have been able to identify to support this is what we were able to achieve in rate during the quarter. Ex-comp, the organization achieved 6.4% rate increase. It's worth noting that we achieved this with our renewal retention ratio remaining at a similar level to what has been for the past several years. Lots of people talk about rate and they talk about premium growth in a variety of different things. I want to briefly define for you when we talk about rate increase what that means for us. We look at a unit of exposure and how much we charge for that unit of exposure, and we compare that with the same unit of exposure, if you will, from prior periods. So, for us, we are looking to compare the amount of rate or a dollar per unit of exposure that we are getting in corresponding periods. There are obviously lots of different ways to do it. That is our approach. We take a similar approach on new business, but obviously it's a little bit more challenging for us, because the nature of new business in trying to compare that to our in-force book is not as easy. Rich mentioned the loss ratio. The only comment I would add to his were -- obviously, he mentioned that the cat activity as well as the non-cat weather-related. We use PCS as our definition for cats, but we did have a fair amount of weather-related losses that do not fall into the PCS umbrella. A lot of people get pretty hung up on this stuff. You know the math is that we have 1.7 points of weather-related losses. Some folks back it out of the results. From our perspective, it's part of the business and you got to leave it in, but it would seem as though we're in the minority. The expenses Rich touched on that earlier, obviously, the 32.3 was a significant improvement. I would caution people not to assume that that is the new run rate for us. I do believe that we should be able to consistently do better than the 33. But as Rich suggested, we are making some investments. Do I think we're doing better than the 32.9 where we have been running recently? Yes, but I certainly do not think that people should be penciling it in a 32.3. Rich made the passing comment and I would just highlight it a little bit. Part of the improvement in the expense ratio came as a result of the loss ratio ticking up due to some of the property and losses stemming from weather. On the investment side again, Rich touched on the duration the 2.7. We do not envision this shortening up from here. Having said that, I don't think you should expect it to start moving out or lengthening drastically anytime soon. Our view is that the yield curve is pretty flat so there's no compelling reason to push out. And aside from that we're not unhappy with the flexibility. I do think as windows of opportunity present themselves you will see us take the duration out a bit from here. A couple of other quick comments. Just on the investments as well Rich talked about the realized and unrealized gains to the income statement. That is related to preferreds that we have in Fannie and Freddie that we've touched on in the past. Overall, when we look at the quarter, I think, it's pretty clear that we are making rate a priority. There are a whole host of reasons for that including where we see social inflation. Having said that we are feeling pretty comfortable at this stage that ex-comp getting 6.4% rate increase for the portfolio overall is well-outpacing in all likelihood loss cost trends translating into what is likely to be a meaningful margin expansion as you see this higher earn, premium earn through. We as an organization are constantly trying to optimize the balance between exposure growth and rate. We are trying to optimize the balance between risk and return. We are trying to ensure we strike the right balance between being opportunistic, but obviously offering continuity and predictability to our customers. We as a team had to take an ownership mentality to how the business is run. We take a long-term view. We are not willing at any time to try and spruce up today to make tomorrow look better and I think that is what allows us to be able to consistently perform at a reasonably high level. So let me pause there and we should turn the microphone over to those that have dialed in and answer any questions to the best of our ability that you may have for us.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Bill Berkley: Hi, Mike.
Mike Zaremski: Hi. Good afternoon. First question on the P&C kind of competitive environment. Clearly there's some pricing momentum ex-comp that you've spoken to for a couple of quarters now. Anything else happening in terms of maybe changes in terms of conditions? Or I think you used the term returning discipline in your -- in the earnings release. So just curious, if anything other than pricing is kind of going to help your margins going forward that maybe we're not thinking about.
Bill Berkley: If you think of the -- if you look back in history there's a series of steps in I guess if you will the playbook that we use. First, you start to see the rate move up. That's followed by tightening of terms and conditions kind of overlapping somewhat simultaneously that once we get the terms and conditions in the rate where we like you're going to start to see the exposure count if you will grow as well. So we're pretty happy where their margins are at today, but you're going to probably see them enhanced tomorrow. And again I think step one is the rates moving up. And as history would suggest you'll see the terms and conditions start to tighten from there in the market. And again that will be sort of our strike zone to open up the faucet a bit more.
Mike Zaremski: Okay. In terms of the top-line clearly profitability is excellent. That was -- I guess if I look at consensus and what top-line is growing at it was a little below expectations even though the expense ratio came in better than expected. So just curious as -- do you expect growth to pick up in the coming year?
Bill Berkley: Do I expect growth to pick up?
Mike Zaremski: Or maybe workers' comp pricing is more negative than quarter two?
Bill Berkley: My sense is that we should be able to more than offset comp. Again I'm kind of looking into a foggy crystal ball, but the latest data points that we have would suggest that we should be able to accelerate the growth from here, but again no promises. Do I think it's going to be explosive growth? No, not yet. But part of it again going back to the comments earlier, at this stage, we are more focused on pushing for the rate. And as we see that rate get to a certain level, then you will see us look to really try and expand the exposure or policy count if you like. So yes expect to grow more.
Mike Zaremski: Thank you.
Bill Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Amit Kumar with Buckingham. Your line is now open.
Bill Berkley: Hi Amit, good afternoon.
Amit Kumar: Good afternoon. I guess I want to build upon Zaremski's question. Just going back to the discussion on pricing and the 6% number is very strong versus Q4 of 4%. Is there some way to maybe talk about broadly some of the components? Was property meaningfully higher? And casualty was a much smaller number? And hence it netted out to 6%? How should we think about the other components might be different now versus Q4?
Bill Berkley: So what I would tell you is that we perhaps look at it a bit more granular -- at a more granular level than you're suggesting. We look at it via operating unit within the group. We are looking it by product line with each operating unit in the group. Clearly the challenges that the industry has faced in such product lines as commercial auto, certain components of professional liability, certainly much of the property market place are leading to opportunities where there is a meaningful rate increase available. So again, I would tell you, but also as I commented earlier, other than workers' compensation, we are getting rate increases in every major product line we participate in.
Amit Kumar: Got it. So there is no outlier per se which has obviously led to a big number?
Bill Berkley: I beg your pardon sir?
Amit Kumar: There is no outlier per se which -- there is no one sub segment which is having material rate increases. I mean what you're saying is that it's probably well distributed and obviously the cat expose lines will have a higher number.
Bill Berkley: Well I don't want to mislead you. I think that each product line is getting -- it's not 6.4% across the board. We have a -- we use a much finer scalpel than that. It is by product line. I would tell you again that things such as commercial auto, parts of professional liability and certainly much of the property market are probably amongst the areas that are getting the most meaningful rate increases and a couple of others as well. But again, it's not a bar bell. It's more of a bell curve.
Amit Kumar: That's what I was looking for. Okay. The other question is also a sort of a follow-up. There is this debate in the marketplace about admitted versus non-admitted. And I think you referred to the competition and I think you made an interesting comment. There's always a lag when the market actually responds. Can you maybe talk about the admitted versus non-admitted discussion a bit more? And...
Bill Berkley: Well I know -- one second. Maybe I'm the bow in the bubble here. But what's the broad chatter in the marketplace about admitted versus non-admitted that you're referring?
Amit Kumar: No I mean the point is that legacy carriers are beginning to withdraw or restrict their writings. And that's why there seems to be a discernible uptick and its happening only very recently where some numbers that you read the great players have changed.
Bill Berkley: Yes. Look, I don't think that there has been this dramatic sea change. I think it would sort of go back into the -- or revert back to some of the comments I obviously at least tried to allude to earlier that I think there is a gradual building or incremental firming that is going on. There is no doubt that there are components of the marketplace that operate in a standard or admitted manner that probably overreached a bit and are choking and really should've left it to the non-admitted market. Yes, but that's going on any time. Do I think there's a little bit more of that today than it was yesterday? Absolutely. Do I think there'll be more of it tomorrow than it is today? Yes I do.
Amit Kumar: Got it. I will stop here and thanks for the answers and good luck.
Bill Berkley: Thanks for calling in.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Phillips with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Bill Berkley: Hi Michael, good afternoon.
Michael Phillips: Hey good afternoon. Thanks everybody. Look, I'm not going to get the direct quote from what you said Rob earlier, but I'm kind of paraphrasing. When things look bad, they're probably worse than you think. And obviously casualty lines are pretty impaired. It's harder to see obviously because of the tail. So one way to interpret that is that, since we're seeing more of a firming in rates for the industry and certainly in the casualty lines, if things look bad, they're worse than you think then maybe the era of kind of industry reserve releases is coming to an end. We know that a lot of that has been comp has driven a lot of the releases. But ex comp, it's not been that bad in terms of charges. So I wonder -- I guess, just want to hear your thoughts on that for the casualty line specifically, what you think about that I guess in terms of adequacy for the industry?
Rob Berkley: Look, I think there are others that can speak to the reserve adequacy in the industry better than I in general. My two cents for what it's worth is that I think the industry has recognized some positive development over the past few years, which is quite frankly, it's a tough business, when you don't know your cost of goods sold until some number of years after the fact. And, I think, we went through what was a very benign period that the casualty market enjoys particularly on the frequency side. I think that there are increasing signs that that benign environment no longer exists not to the same extent and that may prove to create some challenges for the industry today. And the question is, are people appropriately pricing for the legal environment for example that we are in today? So, look I'm not going to predict the redundancy or the deficiency of the industry, and I'll leave that to brighter people than me. But I would tell you that I think that the marketplace has been pretty aggressive for the past couple of years. I think a lot of that has been glossed over as a result of what was a benign cat environment as well as positive development from earlier years for the industry. And I think that at some point you can't keep putting lipstick on the pig as my boss said.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Never heard that one before. Thanks. And then I guess a little  oh, I'm sorry -- last
Rob Berkley: No. Go ahead, sorry.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Last quarter, you want to drill down more on the D&O market, where last quarter you talked about we would expect to see some meaningful change over the next few quarters. I guess anything that you've seen since those comments in the D&O market?
Rob Berkley: Yes. I think that certainly our perception is that that would be -- when I mentioned earlier, parts of professional liability firming a fair amount, I think there are parts of the D&O market that are getting what I would define as significant rate increases, rate increases that the industry hasn't seen for some period of time.
Michael Phillips: Okay. Thank you Rob. I appreciate it.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good afternoon. First question, just with regards to the re-segmentation or the moves from the excess mono from insurance to reinsurance. Can you help us think about maybe run rates for the accident -- your loss ratio or the expense ratio for the two segments as they currently stand?
Rob Berkley: Obviously, it depends on the performance of the business from any one period to another period. But certainly, what you saw in the release is not a bad placeholder for people to use going forward. But again, that's subject to the performance of the business at any 90-day period.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And is there any seasonality in that book?
Rob Berkley: Well, yes, there is, but there always has been seasonality. Obviously, in the reinsurance business certain dates such as 1/1 are very material. And while we do not write a significant cat exposed book, there is a little bit there. So depending on how you want to define seasonality from a premium perspective or a loss perspective it's there, but it's been in there in the past.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my other question is just around net investment income. If we think about the core portfolio -- core investment portfolio, how should we think about the impact of a lower yield environment? Do you think that you can still achieve yield expansion here? Or should we expect some yield compression in the core portfolio?
Rob Berkley: Well, you've been kind of silent the whole call. Why don't you do this?
Rich Baio: We think that at the moment in the current environment with a flat yield curve, we can maintain the current yield of the portfolio. But clearly if we have a slowing down of the economy that will be more challenging. But at the moment we think we could pretty much stay where we are, but I would not anticipate improving yields.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And can you achieve this current yield by changing -- are you doing that by changing any of your portfolio mix? Or is that simply keeping your portfolio as is?
Rich Baio: Generally as is securities selection, slight change in mix, but no consequential change. Its still maintaining AA- quality. And I think, we'd like to find opportunities to improve yields and extend the maturity, but that doesn't seem to be in regards at the present time.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Bill Berkley: Good afternoon.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you. Good morning. Good afternoon. I suppose part of your hesitation in talking about workers' comp is that you don't want to give away corporate secrets, which makes sense. But maybe can you tell us what you think...
Bill Berkley: We're not hesitant to talk about workers' comp. We're happy to chat with you about it.
Joshua Shanker: So where do you think pricing is right now in workers' comp? Where do you think relates to loss cost trends? And can you talk about the variance between primary and excess pricing?
Bill Berkley: Yeah. So as far as loss cost trends  so, I'm going to try to answer your question to the best of my ability. The loss cost trends have remained remarkably benign, primarily due to frequency or a lack of, if you will. Severity continues to tick-up a bit just because of health care costs continuing to move up, but it's astonishing how benign the frequency trend continues to be. I would tell you that, I struggle with that long-term and whether it's sustainable. Clearly we have better safety and a whole host of other things in place as a society, which we benefit from. At the same time, as we suggested in the past, the tight labor market historically can lead to a tick-up in injury of workers, again partly as a result of people not being as well trained, partly as a result of people working over time. And quite frankly, when people are tired, they may not be as alert and take the safe precautions. When it comes to certain aspects of inflation, as you know, comp is partially insulated, because of the fact that comp is prized off of payrolls, and as long as payrolls are keeping up or in some cases outpacing inflation, that is something that needs to be factored in. So I would tell you right now do I think is comp overall losing a little bit of altitude for the moment? Yeah, I think it probably is losing a little bit of altitude. Having said that, I think when the industry looks back the past few years, it's likely, in my opinion, to prove that there was more margin in the business than perhaps the industry realize. I think 2018 and 2019 are possibly the time, a point of inflection when that may start to flip. As far as the excess market goes, it's a pretty big space. And overall, we're reasonably happy with the pricing is there. But I think it's tricky to start trying to compare it to the extent that the question may have suggested.
Joshua Shanker: And I guess, if we have benign frequency and slightly elevated severity, can we assume that loss cost inflation in comp is still greater than zero?
Bill Berkley: Its sort of been hovering right around there. I would tell you that -- again as you know as well as we do Josh that one of the tricky parts of this industry is, you're pricing your product before you know your cost of goods sold. Back to that comment around frequency, I'm not convinced at this stage that 2019 is going to benefit from the same frequency trend that we have seen in the past decade-ish or so. So I think, clearly it's possible that 2018 is going to prove to be okay. I feel even better about 2017, and earlier 2019. It's really then almost too early to start speculating, at least on a conference call.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. Well, thank you for all the answers. Appreciate it.
Bill Berkley: Definitely.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is now open.
Bill Berkley: Hi, Meyer. Good afternoon.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Good afternoon. How are you? So I guess starting off in the reinsurance segment, you see a little bit less than 3% gross written premium growth, and ceded premiums were up a little bit more than 9%. So maybe you could talk about what's driving that segment?
Bill Berkley: Not ignoring you. I'm just thinking about it. Ultimately, it may have to do with just different programs that we are buying. It may have to do with pricing in the reinsurance marketplace. It may have to do with a variety of different things. But ultimately I would encourage you not to read too deeply into it. We have not changed our philosophy around how we buy reinsurance.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thank you. That's helpful. Second hopefully an easy one. Should we look at the Monoline Excess line of business as being predominantly excess workers' compensation?
Bill Berkley: Richie, what's the breakdown -- premium line?
Meyer Shields: Yes.
Rich Baio: Excess workers' comp.
Bill Berkley: Yes. No, it is actually -- I'm sorry. I misunderstood you. It's primarily reinsurance. But as far as the Monoline Excess, it is at this stage solely excess comp.
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. Thank you very much.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Bill Berkley: Hi Brian. Good afternoon.
Brian Meredith: Hey. A couple of things here for you. First one just curious big growth in the casualty reinsurance area. Were there some kind of one-off transactions? Or has that all of a sudden become a much more attractive market?
Bill Berkley: I think that there were a couple of pieces -- there are a couple of opportunities that we saw that we thought made sense and some of that growth actually is coming from outside of the United States as well. Whereas I didn't mention this earlier but when we think about the reinsurance business I think certainly the U.K. and certain other territories are probably a couple of paces ahead of the U.S. treaty market in firming. So, there are early signs that the U.S. market may be moving in that direction.
Brian Meredith: Great. So, I mean -- so I guess just a couple of opportunities type of growth that you're seeing out of reinsurance. Should we expect that that may continue here going forward or just opportunities this quarter -- opportunistic?
Bill Berkley: Look I don't even want to speculate beyond what I've already speculated. I think that we feel as though that the reinsurance market is starting to grapple with the realities of the mistakes that the industry had made in the past and as a result of that are beginning to incrementally take action. And our hope and -- is that -- and quite frankly expectation is that it will build from here. I think that some of the business that they see is reasonable business. But in many, many cases the ceding commissions are not sustainable. And that as the results come through I think the reinsurance market is responding to that reality. And there is across the Board -- or virtually across the Board pressure on ceding commissions proceeding.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then second question Rob. It's been a couple of years since you started Berkley One. I'm just curious any observations on that business? Is it better than you kind of expect to be? A little bit more challenging? Just curious what your thoughts are. I know it's still quite, quite small for you guys.
Rob Berkley: I think the -- a couple of reactions would be -- and you got to understand this comes from someone who when we've done most of our startups a lot of it -- well, they are almost all commercial lines and a lot of them are non-admitted. So we -- a team joins us and two days later, we'll run it on an Excel and Word until we have a system in place. So, we're not accustomed to or experienced with the significance of the platform that was required to build not just from an IT perspective, but from a people perspective as well as from a filings perspective. It's just a big platform. But from our perspective, all that does take time. We think that that is really a great opportunity. And if you build it right it serves as -- I wouldn't say a barrier to entry for others because we're doing it, but it certainly is an obstacle for others to come in. I think there are a few people that have come into the space and when I look at the platform they cobble together and I look at what my colleagues are building, I think it's quite day and night. So, long story short, I think the team of people that we have is as good or better than we could have even hoped for. I think the platform that they are building is as robust as any out there and certainly second to none. Having said that I think that it's a little bit longer of a road to get that platform stood up than some of us at the same time. If we could do it all over again, wouldn't pause twice, we'd definitely do it. I think it is going to prove to be a tremendous asset for our shareholders.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Rob Berkley: Hi Ryan, good afternoon.
Ryan Tunis: Hey good afternoon guys. Just have a few. First one in terms of the workers' comp, I'm curious if you're seeing anything different from a loss cost standpoint on the Excess Monoline versus just the normal primary comp. I know that there's more of a severity element there. Or is it pretty much still benign just like what you're seeing on the primary book?
Rob Berkley: I mean obviously they are different animals, but I would tell you what we're seeing on both fronts are reasonably consistent with what we've seen over the past couple of years.
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And maybe the other thing that I'm -- shifting gears to premium growth a question on insurance. But something that stood up to us was it actually -- the premium growth was the least in the line where I would've expected the most incremental rate, so short-tail professional liability and commercial auto because they lagged down the liability comp. Just trying to sort through why that might be the case?
Rob Berkley: I would interpret that as underwriting discipline, in places where we have decided that we want rate. And we are -- when you think about sort of the rate/growth balance or trade we choose rate. And I think what you will see happen over time or at least history would suggest you will see, and I believe you will see as well, is that those lines where we're pushing the rates. You are going to at some point start to see those oftentimes there's some of the lines where the growth rate will eventually evolve to be the highest. But it starts out, in these cost lines where we are digging our heels in and saying we will get this much rate or we will not raise the business. And we expect that over time the market will cooperate. And it's cooperating somewhat and we expect that that will accelerate.
Ryan Tunis: So that mean, that's go. Yeah, sorry go ahead. Pardon me.
Rob Berkley: Right, we just have a history as an organization, trying not to be late. So when we identify something we get on it. And when we look at these lines of business we're saying we need rate. And we are going to have it or we will not write the business. I think it will come more into focus for others, but maybe they are not as inclined to move in as timely a manner as we are.
Ryan Tunis: So, I mean not to put words in your mouth Rob, but it sounds like you're saying the rate of environment's better but a lot of these lines are more loss affected. Whereas pricing is probably not adequate right -- adequate yet. Is that probably the right way to think about it?
Rob Berkley: There's a -- it really depends on a particular product line. So my comment to you is that when we look at the loss environment and we also look at on the horizon with sort of the legal environment, some of the issues we've talked about around social inflation, our view is that it makes sense to charge more in some of these lines of business for a unit of exposure. And if we are not able to get what we believe is an adequate rate, then we will not write the business and that's okay too. If we end up not writing the business and that excess capital we'll return it to our shareholders. Having said that, certainly the early signs would say that that we were able to achieve the rate and the market will start to bear it more and more and we expect that other market participants will be moving in a similar direction.
Ryan Tunis: Fair enough. And then just quickly, I want to build on the non-cat weather piece. Not used to you calling that out one Rob but I guess it is useful. It was a point this quarter. What would you expect that to be in a normal quarter?
Rob Berkley: I don't know. Richie is saying 60 basis points. So he's usually right about this stuff so that's the number. But, at the same time it's part of the business. So people who back out cat the 0.4 I think is -- doesn't make a whole lot of sense unless you're going to back out of the premium too as my boss says. Yeah, so, the delta is sort of the 30 basis points between the 0.9 and the 0.6.
Ryan Tunis: Cool. All right, thanks so much guys.
Rob Berkley: Thank you and good evening.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to Rob Berkley for any closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Jimmy. Well, first off thank you all for calling in. We appreciate your time and interest. From our perspective, we think that there is many encouraging signs on the horizon here, more than we have seen in some extended period of time. What we were able to achieve with rate and also maintain a renewal retention ratio. I think speaks volumes to the fact that the market is willing to accept it. And we have every intention of continuing to ensure that we are getting an appropriate risk-adjusted return. And that we optimize whatever the opportunity may be. So thank you again for calling. And we'll speak with you next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's call. This does conclude your program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporations Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded.  The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the businesses environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Ellie and good afternoon, all. Thank you for joining us this afternoon on our fourth quarter call. On this end of the phone, in addition to myself, you have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, Group Chief Financial Officer. We're going to follow a similar agenda to what we've done in the past, where I'm going to kick it off with a relatively brief set of comments, couple of macro thoughts on the marketplace and a few observations on our quarter and in short order then hand it over to Rich who will get into more detail around the quarter and give you some numbers. Following Richards comments, we will then -- you will then have all three of us to answer any questions that you may have. So reflecting back on the quarter, clearly, cat activity grabs the headline. The frequency of severity cannot be ignored and certainly it begs some questions, one question being, will this frequency of severity continue, will this lead to a true turn in the market, if so how much, how quickly, for how long and obviously there's the other question as to what will the impact be on alternative capital. From our perspective, clearly important questions and they deserve an appropriate amount of thought and consideration, but in our view the P&C marketplace has been [ph] in even more of a broader or deeper crossroad than just what's going on in the property cat market. Questions such as, what does financial inflation mean for the marketplace, where are interest rates going, what is happening with social inflation and in particular, where is frequency trend headed. All these questions, ultimately, they will get answers with the passage of time, but clearly these answers are highly leveraged for the industrys economic model. These are all issues that quite frankly we think our model is particularly well positioned to address, regardless of what the answers may be and this was demonstrated yet again in the fourth quarter of 18, in spite of the heavy cat activity and the volatility in the capital markets that the organization continues to perform quite well in light of that. A couple of specific comments on the marketplace overall. Certainly, from our perspective, there is the opportunity for rate. We are what I would define as cautiously optimistic of a GL [ph] line. I think it needs some rate, given the general view around certain types of inflation and I think you will see that become more available over the coming quarters, property is getting a meaningful amount of rate and it needs it.  Auto continues to get rates, comp is probably the one line, or meaningful line from a scale perspective where rates are coming off, but as we've commented in the past, please keep in mind, inflation trend is somewhat offset because of the payrolls and how payrolls moving up are taken to account in the pricing. Professional is probably the piece that give us the greatest reason to pause, particularly in the D&O line as we have talked about in the past. But again it is our expectation that you're going to see a meaningful change in that marketplace over the passing -- or the next several quarters I should say. As it relates to our quarter, we think it was a relatively good story in light of the challenges that the broader market presented. The cat activity was significant again that the marketplace faced and while we were not completely insulated from it, we feel as though our approach to managing volatility were rewarded. We are again focused, yes, on opportunities to grow. Having said that, in many parts of our business, rate is the priority over growth and that is demonstrated by our growth rate, yes, approaching 3% overall and I should mention, it's the first time in, I don't know how long that our reinsurance segment grew, though modestly. Hopefully this is a new trend, but it's worth mentioning on the rate front, ex-comp, we achieved a rate increase of 4%. Combined ratio of the 95.9, again, Rich is going to get into the details, but the 63 loss ratio and the 32.9 on the expense front, not bad given again the cat activity and on the expense front shows continued efforts on our part to try and find efficiencies where they are available. On the investment front, again, Rich will give you a bit of detail on this, but we continue to be rewarded for the discipline, both on the asset quality as well as the duration and those are certainly contributing to the improvement in the investment results. And of course finally, the investment funds continue if you look at over the year to bode very well for our shareholders as we focus on total return. So I'm going to pause there and let Rich get a little bit more into the numbers and then again you'll have us all available for questions.
Rich Baio: Thank you, Rob. We reported net income of $132 million or $1.03 per share compared with the year ago quarter of $155 million or $1.21 per share. The current quarterly earnings benefited from higher net investment income and lower taxes as well as higher pretax underwriting income, excluding cat losses. Offsetting these favorable changes is increased cat losses and lower net investment gains as a result of the new accounting rules for equity securities that were introduced earlier in 2018. Pre-tax cat losses in the quarter were $45.5 million, primarily resulting from Hurricane Michael, the two California wildfires and typhoon Trami. Cat losses contributed 2.8 loss ratio points in the quarter compared with 1.1 loss ratio point a year ago. The effect on pretax underwriting profits quarter-over-quarter was $28 million or a reduction in earnings of $0.19 per share after tax. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $12 million or 0.8 loss points compared with $7 million or 0.4 loss points for the same period last year.  Accordingly, our current accident year loss ratio, excluding cat for the current quarter, was 61% compared with 60.7% a year ago. Pretax underwriting profit on a current accident year basis, excluding cats, was $100 million compared with last year's quarter of $92 million, representing an increase of approximately 9.5% quarter-over-quarter. Weve managed our risk selection and exposures based on areas in the market where we can achieve attractive risk adjusted returns and accordingly total net premiums written increased 2.8% to approximately 1.52 billion in the fourth quarter of 2018.  The insurance segment grew by 3% to $1.4 billion. The growth was led by an 8% increase in other liabilities, followed by 6.5% in short tail lines and about 2.5% in commercial automobile. The reinsurance segment grew approximately 1% to $128 million. The global reinsurance market is experiencing some areas of improvement, which was evidenced in the growth of our casualty reinsurance business in the fourth quarter. As previously referenced on our call, we expect our expense ratio to improve as net premiums written earned through the income statement, several new businesses reached scale and process improvements create efficiencies.  To this end, our expense ratio was 32.9% in the quarter and we would expect an ongoing decline over the next 12 to 18 months. As always, we may not experience a smooth linear decline, depending on circumstances we're investing in the business. For instance, the formation of a new operating unit or investment in innovative ideas to improve our business. This brings our reported combined ratio for the fourth quarter of 2018 to 95.9 and our accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, to 93.9%. For the full year, our reported combined ratio is 95.3% and our accident year combined ratio, excluding cats, is 94.2%.  Investment income increased 7% or $11 million to $160 million. The core portfolio increased approximately $9 million, led by fixed maturity securities with an investment yield of 3.6%. A higher base of invested assets and rising interest rates have benefited the income statement. Investment funds declined slightly, primarily due to energy funds. Our funds report on a quarterly lag as we may remember and due to the reduction in oil prices in fourth quarter 2018, our first quarter 2019 investment income will reflect the effects of such declines. We also have maintained an average rating of AA- and slightly reduced the average duration to 2.8 years for fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents. During the fourth quarter, the securities markets experienced much volatility. Our exposure to equity securities has been limited, relative to our total invested asset base. Accordingly, our conservative total return investment strategy has continued to perform as expected. We reported pretax net realized and unrealized gains of $14 million in the quarter. Similar to the prior three quarters in 18, we have two components reflected in pretax gains. The first is pretax realized gains from the sale of investments of $60 million.  Second is the change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $40 million, resulting from the adoption of the new accounting pronouncement for equity securities. Beginning with first quarter 2019, we will see comparable treatment quarter-over-quarter in our financial statements. If the change in unrealized gains on equity securities was not reflected in our income statement, the adjusted annualized pretax return on equity for the quarter would have been 3% higher.  Effective tax rate was 16.2% for the quarter compared with 22.4% for the same period last year. You may recall last year reflected an adjustment for the reduction in US federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% under the tax reform act. The current quarter reflects adjustments for prior period tax returns and the impact resulting from the lower tax rates. Stockholders equity was unchanged from the prior consecutive quarter and increased slightly from the beginning of the year.  Despite rising interest rates and turbulent securities markets, we've grown book value and returned $280 million to shareholders for the full year through special and ordinary dividends and share repurchases. Our early decision to maintain a short duration on our fixed maturity portfolio has positioned us well to benefit from rising interest rates through the income statement, while minimizing the adverse impact on the balance sheet.  We also returned capital to investors of $97 million in the current quarter. The $0.50 special dividend in the fourth quarter brought our total for the year to $1.50 per share. We also purchased approximately 257,000 shares of common stock in the quarter for an average price of $69.96. Our return on equity for the quarter, on an annualized basis, was 9.8% on net income and for the full year, our return on equity was 11.8%. Thank you, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Ellie, could we now turn to the Q&A portion if we could open it up for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Amit Kumar of Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: There will be two quick questions. The first question I have is going back to the discussion on pricing and I know it's a broader question, it seems that the pricing commentary is a bit similar to what we talked about in Q3 and I was wondering if pricing is similar, if loss cost trends are somewhat similar, how do we achieve margin expansion in 2019 versus 2018?
Rob Berkley: Well, I think the biggest piece, which is again not always so visible for you and others outside of the organization is to have a clear appreciation for the changes that we are making as far as the portfolio go, the underwriting portfolio. So there are product lines perhaps that we are deemphasizing in some cases for example, like aviation product lines that we've gotten out of, where if all you do is look at what we're doing from a rate perspective and assume that the portfolio doesn't change, I don't fully agree with your conclusion. I think things are getting incrementally better, but I think the more meaningful uplift that will come into focus over time in our reported numbers is going to be the shift that we are making in the underwriting portfolio itself.
Amit Kumar: Got it. That's a fair comment. The second question I have is a discussion, I guess about our discussion on comp and I know weve spent some time talking about comp on the last call. It seems to me as an external person that maybe the conversations have shifted a bit, I think the tone has gotten a bit better relatively versus Q3, can you just sort of talk about, from your vantage point, how do you feel about that line and if things are getting better, does that put less pressure on the industry to raise pricing?
Rob Berkley: I think that the comp line has benefited dramatically from a variety of things over the past several years, including in particular, frequency trend. And when we look at the business, yes, rates are coming off due to the actions that state rating bureaus have been taking. But we still think that there are many, many pockets where even in spite of the action state rating bureaus are taking, there is still attractive margin. So I do not think the bottom is falling out at all. I think for organizations like ours that have particularly strong expertise on the underwriting claims and other areas within the comp line as we do and everything we do, we are well positioned to know how to zig and zag and squeeze more juice out of the orange than perhaps those that don't have the same level of expertise. So am I positive? Yes, I am positive, because we think it's been very profitable and it will continue to be profitable. But I don't know what goes on in other calls or other dialogs that you participate in, but we try and not just look in the rearview mirror, but look out the front windshield and beyond just the end of the hood of the car and just like we started talking about inflation a little while ago when we started talking about social inflation in particular a while ago and we've been talking about the issues with auto and other lines, what we're trying to signal to you and to others is that comp has been great and it's still great. But if you roll the movie forward two years from now, it's going to in all likelihood be more challenging, just like at the same time we're suggesting to you that the auto in general, commercial auto in general, if you roll the movie forward 12, 18 months from now, it's probably going to be pretty attractive and using D&O in parts of the professional liability market, it is more likely than not that over the next three years, not more than that, you are going to start to see a meaningful response or reaction to what has been an extended period of significant competition and the eroding of market conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: My first question on expense ratio. You expect gradual progress in 2019. I was wondering, could you discuss in a little bit more detail where do you find these operating efficiencies going forward and were the improvements in 2019 similar to the pace we've seen in 2018 about 40 basis points.
Rob Berkley: So as Rich suggested, I think the improvement that you'll see over time is going to be due to a combination of higher earned premium as some of our younger businesses continue to scale as well as opportunities that we are finding to capitalize on efficiencies within the operation. I think while I appreciate and understand the question, I think as Rich suggested, we would be reluctant to start trying to get into basis points of savings, but what I would suggest to you is that, we don't think that 32.9 is as good as it gets. We think that there is opportunity again as Rich suggested and we've talked about in prior calls to significantly improve upon that. And that is a priority and a focus for us. But it's not just about spending less, it's about doing things better and that is our focus.
Kai Pan: My second question is on  so the reassurance business, you pride yourself as a sort of being low volatility in the overall results. If I had to be a little picky, if you look at the reinsurance results, it actually has some volatility and last three years are making underwriting income in these particular segments. Just wonder if you look at the -- what's the strategic value of having a reinsurance within the overall Berkley portfolio?
Rob Berkley: Okay. I think there was probably a couple of questions and maybe an observation or a comment that you offered as well and let me try and take it in reverse order, if you don't mind. First off, as far as the reinsurance business goes, while it is true that it is not the largest part of our organization from our perspective, it is one of our core activities and we do see value in having it part of the organization. It just so happens that we've gone through a period of time where quite frankly the reinsurance marketplace has perhaps lost in general its discipline and its sense of good judgment. And to many of our colleagues credit, they were not willing to follow that business down the drain.  As it relates more specifically to the results, I think there are a couple of pieces there. One, we have somewhat of an inflated expense ratio, which does not do us any favors and a lot of that stems from us contracting the top line. I think the other piece and we've touched on this in the past that we have moved away from is we had done some structured deals where we've concluded that the available margin didn't make sense some time ago and we have moved away from those.  As far as the property, like, there is certainly some volatility, but as you can see on one of the pages in the release, I think our property top line in the fourth quarter was down close to 20% as opposed to the casualty, which is moving up and unless you see a meaningful change in the property market, I think you will see the growth coming from the casualty front.  So just circling back to your -- perhaps your last question, no. I/we do not envision a time in the foreseeable future when we are out of the reinsurance business. It is an important part of what we do and that is our position.  Did I answer your question?
Kai Pan: Yeah. Thats very clear. Thank you so much. If I may squeeze into last one, in the past, you either gave out on capital management special dividends or you buy back stocks and you seldom do both, and this quarter, you had both, a little bit of buybacks. I just wonder is that just opportunistic because the market was down in the fourth quarter?
Rob Berkley: I think as you've heard us comment in the past, we are conscious of our capital position. We spend a good deal of time trying to make sure that we have an appropriate level of capital, not just to run the business, but to be able to capitalize on opportunities that we see on the horizon. As far as special dividends and share repurchase, obviously, those are two tools that we have available to return capital to shareholders. Yes, of course, when it comes to share repurchase, we are conscious of what we believe putting aside stated book value is, but what we believe is true book value or intrinsic value of the business and we take into account where the stock is trading at. But ultimately, when the day is all done, we have a conversation as to capital requirements and then to the extent we have excess capital, what is the most efficient way to return that to our owners.  So the answer is, to your question, I'm not going to answer it specifically, because we don't necessarily get into the details or the specific philosophy around how we choose to return value to shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse.
Mike Zaremski: In terms of your comments on the EPS release about seeing higher investment yields, I'm just curious, is that  are you seeing materially higher investment yields because we can see on our screen at least the major benchmarks, interest rates have come back in the last couple of months back to 2018 levels and I guess related on investment income, given the choppiness in the markets during 4Q, including oil prices, should we expect investment income pressures on the alternatives in 1Q?
Rob Berkley: I think as far as the investment pressures, there's obviously a lot of different components in the alternative space you certainly can extrapolate as Rich was suggesting as to what the impact will be on the energy component, but I would caution you not to assume that that is exactly -- that is not the whole story, that is a piece of the story. And as far as the core portfolio and the yield on that, we've been getting a benefit as interest rates have been moving up a little bit compared to where they were in the past and more specifically again as you noticed in our duration, our colleagues have been very disciplined on the investment side and on the short end, they're getting paid for the cash and cash equivalent more than they were not that long ago. Thats probably the biggest piece of the puzzle, but as I'm sure you can appreciate, there are a lot of moving pieces, but I would suggest thats probably what deserves most of your attention.
Mike Zaremski: And lastly in regards to your full year catastrophe load in 2019, which was just under 2 points, would you be willing to comment whether directionally that was, last year was a below, above or kind of average year relative to your applications in 2017 before the year started.
Rob Berkley: I want to make sure, certainly, we're happy to try to answer the question, but can you ask it once more, were going make 
Mike Zaremski: Just trying to get a sense if your cat load this year was kind of considered, you consider a normal year.
Rob Berkley: No. So, the answer is that there was more frequency of severity I think than we or for that matter, the industry would expect. Having said that, the way we go about managing our portfolio allows us to be, relatively speaking, underweighted when it comes to cat activity or cat losses compared to our peers. Again, it just goes back to what I was trying to articulate earlier around how we think about risk adjusted return and we've been through a period of time where we don't think you get paid appropriately for that volatility. So it was more than we typically would expect, given some of the changes that we have made and how we manage the portfolio. Quite frankly, if things happened as they did in 18 and 19, that number would be somewhat less.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW.
Meyer Shields: So Rob, you mentioned, Im sorry, you mentioned the prospect of commercial auto being fairly attractive in a couple of years. I was hoping you can give us your thoughts on what the current marketplace looks like with regard to, I guess, rates versus loss trends versus underlying profitability?
Rob Berkley: So I think that commercial auto very much lost its way some number of years ago. I think one can speculate a variety of different ways and suggest a variety of different reasons from distracted driving to a change in the legal environment and while people sort of pour through the data, I'm not sure if anyone has a perfect answer to that. And I think it also proved particularly on the auto liability front that there was perhaps a little bit more tail to the business than some people had appreciated at moments in time in the past.  I think that over the past few years, the industry has been playing a game of catch up. I think some people identified the issues earlier than others. Perhaps got a little bit of a head start. I think some folks, not only had perhaps identified it earlier, but were willing to take a more forceful position and may have gotten farther down the path than others as well because of that.  I think the marketplace, generally speaking, understands that it needs rates and continues to push for rate. I would not suggest that there is any low hanging fruit out there, however, I would suggest that it is very clear that the market is more well priced today than it was yesterday, but there is still room for improvement. It's very difficult to get more granular than that because there are different pockets within the commercial auto space, so it varies by exposure, it varies by territory and again back to the earlier point, the fact is that different carriers are at different places as far as rate accuracy.
Meyer Shields: Its fair to ascribe the sequential slowdown in commercial auto net written premium growth, just for the fact that 4Q of 17 was a difficult comp?
Rob Berkley: I'm sorry, you broke up at the tail end of that, is it -- could you repeat that please?
Meyer Shields: Yeah. When we look at quarterly net written premium growth for commercial auto, its a lot slower in the fourth quarter than it was in earlier quarters, but the comparison in the prior year was a lot higher. And I was wondering whether thats the explanation or there is something else impacting commercial auto net written premium growth?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I would not read too much into that from my perspective obviously depending on how market conditions evolve from here, but if they continue to evolve in a positive direction, I think you will see our participation in the auto market grow and grow significantly over time. Having said that, we're going to have to see whether market conditions continue to improve or if they do a U-Turn, no pun intended.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Two questions for you, Rob. First one, just curious, your comments about the D&O market and you think it's going to improve going forward? I mean, I understand if frequency has been up for a while, but severity has been benign, do you see a change in that happening here going forward?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I mean, my general comment about frequency and severity, I think frequency is up on the D&O front. I think severity is up on the D&O front, particularly on the public side and some of -- some select other professional lines and I think that the marketplace is going to be dealing with, coping with significant claims activity today and even more tomorrow and again D&O would be one example I would throw out. Lawyers as large law firms and mid-sized law firms as another example of where there's a lot of pain out there that is starting to come to the surface, but it has not been digested and there's been incremental pain here and there for the marketplace. I think it is starting to accelerate. So I don't think that when you think about D&O for example, it is, in my opinion, clearly a line that one needs to be very careful right now rates, terms, conditions, things need to improve considerably before one could open up the spigot. Having said that, as you can see, our professional line is flattish and that's because there are other parts of the professional space that we like a lot.
Brian Meredith: And then my next question, Rob, just curious, I noticed in the quarter that you guys entered Florida. As you think about that product rolling out, are you hedging it pretty substantially to reduce the volatility and I know its in very, very early stages, but I just thought it was interesting that you're heading to Florida.
Rob Berkley: I think, look, there's a general observation or there's a reality, right Brian about high net worth. Rich people from a nat cat perspective live in stupid places. And Florida would be an example of that and people with money, particularly in the Northeast oftentimes will have homes in the southeast to escape the kind of weather that the rest of us are going to be facing up here in the northeast over the next couple of days, no different than people in the Midwest, a lot of them tend to make their way down to Arizona during this time of year, so we felt that it was important to be able to ensure we could accommodate the needs of these clients. But perhaps to the root of your question and this has been pretty consistent from day one, we do not envision Berkley one dramatically shifting or changing the risk profile of the group overall from a cat perspective and we are able to manage that in many ways, including through the use of reinsurance.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Just on the reinsurance side, I guess, you're starting to see some growth now in the casualty reinsurance business and youve certainly got a sense that market has stabilized, but I'm a little surprised to see that grow, it didn't feel like the market got so much better where you would kind of start to accelerate that growth?
Rob Berkley: Yeah. I mean I think let's put growth in perspective. I think as Rich or maybe I, so I dont even remember what I said, but Rich probably said, the reinsurance business grew 1%. So I wouldn't read too deeply into it, it probably was just noteworthy to us internally because it's been shrinking for such an extended period of time in such a significant way. So, again, we don't view that the reinsurance market has a green light. I think that it has improved and it will continue to improve. We're starting to see more discipline particularly around seeding commissions.  I would tell you that for example, the UK is some number of paces ahead of the US market and that's probably a reflection of the London market having drifted farther off course than many other markets around the world and as a result of that, the pendulum has swung pretty severely back in the opposite direction and that creates an opportunity for reinsurance on the marketplace. So hopeful that we'll see the benefits in other markets, but it's really the UK market that is at least for the moment, the most noteworthy.
Jay Cohen: And there were no one large time deals at the start of that number in the quarter?
Rob Berkley: No, sir.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research.
Ryan Tunis: First question, just on underwriting margins. It sounds like workers comp continues to be a good story and then maybe commercial auto, GL, a little tougher to navigate. Im just curious if you could maybe give us some idea of, did workers comp help you actually in loss ratio in primary insurance this year or if its flat and on the other hand, like how much did commercial auto I guess hurt your loss ratio this year, I mean, just trying to sort through that dynamic on those lines?
Rob Berkley: So, I would suggest to you and usually we don't get into this level of granularity. But you can always call Karen and see if you can torture it out of her, but from my perspective, I think when it comes to margins, we are looking for our margins across the board in the short run to improve on an accident year basis. I think it is possible on accident or a policy year basis as we make our way towards the end of 19, you'll see the comp line start to erode and that's just a result of rates coming down, so again were very comfortable, were keeping up with inflation and some would suggest well actually outpace inflation. We're having a chat internally how it's possible that wage inflation is outpacing financial inflation, which again is a driver of the pricing.  So looking at the business going forward, I think comp is probably neutral and over time sort of when you get out to 20 and beyond, putting aside development is probably going to be incrementally going the wrong way, but I think you should assume that you're going to have GL, auto, property, all move in a positive direction and quite frankly I think professional and as we touched on D&O, you roll the movie forward to, later in 19 and 20. I think you're going to more likely than not see a pretty significant shift to the good.
Ryan Tunis: And then I should think for the investment portfolio, I guess one thing that stood out to me this year were almost $500 million of realized investment gains from sales. I know thats stuff that you guys have talked about. I think in the past youve said you think you do 100 mil of that a year, but youve done such a good job harvesting that. Is the outlook for 2019?
Rob Berkley: I would suggest to you, the number that's been suggested give or take 25 million a quarter is the right number to be using gains or continue to be an important part of what we do and the approach on investment front. Having said that, obviously we were a big shareholder and health equity and we harvested those gains and that worked out reasonably well, but our holdings are something, but closer to nothing and something of the state compared to where they were. And again, we don't give a lot of visibility because we don't necessarily have a perfect visibility as to where -- when the gains will come through and how much they'll be, but I think the placeholder of the 25 million a quarter is a good one to hold on to. Appreciate that that doesn't make it easy to model, but I think that's the right assumption to use.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. So a lot of thats health equity. That makes sense.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Rob Berkley for any closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. I would like to thank you very much and thank you to all who dialed in. As suggested, I think the business performed, relatively speaking, very well in the fourth quarter. That wasn't the good luck, that wasn't a coincidence, it's because of the philosophy that we have and how we manage the business, both on the underwriting front as well as the investment front. Looking forward, we think the organization is particularly well positioned. We are optimistic that in many of the parts of the market we participate in, there is an opportunity for rate and further margin expansion and we think that we have the expertise and the knowledge and the market position to benefit from that. Thank you again for your participation. Have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Berkley - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Berkley - Executive Chairman Richard Baio - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Mike Zaremski - Credit Suisse Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Meyer Shields - KBW Brian Meredith - UBS Ryan Tunis - Autonomous Research Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the businesses environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results.  W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you Mani, and good afternoon all, thank you for joining us on our third quarter call. On this end you also have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. Let me give you a quick sense of the agenda, which is similar to what we've done in the past. I'm going to start off with a few comments or thoughts on what's going on at a macro level in the industry, offer a few sound bites on the quarter. And then I will in short order hand it off to Rich who will walk you through the quarter in greater detail.  Before we jump into the agenda, let me just offer a comment on behalf of my colleagues and myself. There is somewhat of a more personal nature. The cat activity in the third quarter of this year while not quite in some ways, as severe as what we saw last year was still very significant and obviously we're seeing cat activity in the fourth quarter as well. It's easy for this activity in this industry to turn into something that's thought of as ratios and numbers, but people should not lose sight of the fact that these are people's lives. And from our perspective, we would like to extend our thoughts and prayers to all those that are affected. And hopefully this does provide an opportunity for the industry to demonstrate the value it brings to society and helping it get back on its feet in affected areas. Turning to the business of today, a couple of topics that are referred to here and there are topics that we have discussed in the past. And I would suggest they could fall under the category of how much data or perhaps how much pain is required for there to be a change in behavior. Maybe starting with the property markets particularly cat exposed property, yet another quarter has gone by with frequency of severity, and for all we can tell there's not a significant change or appetite for change in behavior in the marketplace.  Yes, you may be seeing incremental change, but it does seem as though the concept of risk adjusted returns, the idea that the dollars lost are real and that this capital is entitled to return does continue to be lost on many market participants. And this idea, again, continues to be a published author just backing out tasks, cat losses, as if they don't count really has never and continues to make no sense to us. The other area that we and others have talked about more recently, I think we started to talk about it 18 maybe 24 months ago, is inflation. And as we've discussed with people in the past, and others have as well, it comes in two obvious flavors one being financial that seems to get a lot of attention, the one being social, the other one, excuse me, being social which is getting an increasing amount of attention.  In spite of the attention and in spite of all the discussion, it is concerning to us on behalf of the industry, that the dialogue and the focus did not be seem to be converting into action. Hopefully that will change as we move forward. Certainly, as we have demonstrated, and will continue to demonstrate both of these points are things that we as an organization are very focused on, and we believe we are taking appropriate action as we position the business not just today, but also thinking towards tomorrow.  Let me offer a couple of quick sound bites on different product lines. Again, from our marketplace perspective reinsurance continues to be what I would define as a relatively grim picture, I would tell you that we are able to find a few isolated green shoots in the 3D market outside of the United States, the US 3D market continues to be exceptionally competitive and quite frankly concerning, I would tell you that there are early signs of possible encouragement coming out of the fact market but I think it is premature to call it a trend. On the insurance side, again properties though were seeing the market get incrementally better it remains surprising to us in light of the cat activity that weve seen over the past year. The lack of movement in particular, the London market seems a bit sluggish in responding as it would have historically responded to this level of cat activity, again also there has been a lot of chatter, but we will have to see if that converts into a change in behavior. I would characterize the GL market in general as steady, worker's comp I think there has been a lot of chatter around action rating bureaus have taken in moving rates down, at the same time I would caution people not to overreact to this rate activity or rate action given the way worker's comp gets priced off of payrolls with payrolls moving up, salaries moving up that certainly helps keep up, and in addition to that obviously the frequency trend continues to be negative which emerge to the benefit of lost costs. Professional liability from my perspective continues to be among the most concerning parts of the business in particular, the D&O market, especially the larger D&O accounts, large law firms in certain parts of the medical market give us real reason to pause and having said that there are some niche opportunities within the professional space that we continue to find very attractive.  And finally commercial auto, from my perspective its certainly continued to improve but we need to be thoughtful and selective in how one participates in that market. As it relates to our results in the quarter again I am going to leave most of the details to Rich so just a couple of comments from me. I think overall it was a good quarter. We were pleased with the topline growth that were growing in the places where the margin is, in addition to that we were pleased with the rate that we're giving, so in the insurance business as Rich will walk you through, we grew 5%, and if you look at the rate that were getting in our business ex workers comp were getting about 3.9% rate increase. In addition to that our renewal retention ratio continues to run at about 80% so even if were pushing for rate we think the integrity of the book is remaining well intact.  The rate that were getting we think is very appropriate just going back to that idea of inflation that we touched on earlier and we have talked about in past quarters, and while rate in a vacuum is not the sole remedy it is certainly an important ingredient, one needs to obviously take into account as weve also discussed in the past, terms and conditions, attachment points, etc., etc., the lost ratio 63.5 couple of points for tax in there, by and large again not what we would strive for but from our perspective, not unacceptable given the level of cat activity. Rich will talk about the incremental improvement and the expense ratio we continue to work diligently on that and there are a lot of people very focused on it and we think were making progress. I would tell you or I would caution you it is not going to be a perfect curve or even development, there will be moments where were able to make meaningful progress like what you saw in the quarter and then there will be quarters where we have to take a half step back in order to take two steps forward. Overall, 95.9 for the quarter again, from our perspective pretty good in light of the cat activity for those of you who seem to subscribe to the, but for model that will translate into a 93.9. On the investment portfolio, again this was an example of us having good foresight in my opinion as we thought about inflation and where interest rates are going. We have continued to manage the duration down to the 2.9 years. Rich will give you a little bit more color on this. But at this stage, I think that is really one of the main drivers as to why we are having the effect or lack of effect on book value as we see interest rates moving up. So I will pause there and Im going to let Rich get into more of the details with you all and again, then youll have three of us for any questions. Rich please. 
Richard Baio: Thanks Rob, I appreciate it. We reported net income of $162 million or $1.26 per share unchanged from a years ago quarter. Earnings were favorably impacted compared with the prior year by higher underwriting profits, net investment income and foreign currency gains. Offsetting these positive results were lower net investment gains primarily attributable to the new accounting treatment on equity securities.  Overall, net premiums written increased 3.4% to approximately $1.62 billion in the third quarter of 2018 premium improved 5.1% to $1.5 billion in the insurance segments. The growth was led by a 9% increase in short tail lines followed by about 8.5% in commercial automobile and 6% in other liability. Workers compensation reflected a small increase resulting from growth and exposure as a strong economy resulted an increases in payrolls offset by declining rate environment as Rob alluded to. There are pockets of opportunity in the global reinsurance market although the North American assumed property casualty environment remains more competitive than other areas.  The team has maintained its underwriting discipline and shrunk the business when unable to write business that can achieve its targeted risk adjusted rate of return our reinsurance segment declined by 14% to $190 million, primarily driven by the soft area of the market. Pre-tax underwriting income was $66 million this current quarter, reflecting lower cat losses and relatively flat underwriting expenses. The gross and net premiums written of almost 3% year-to-date is earning through the income statements contributing to improving underwriting performance. The current accident year loss ratio for forecasts of 61.5% cat losses declined from $190 million or 7.5 loss ratio points for the prior year to $39 million this quarter or 2.4 loss ratio point.  A year ago, the industry experience catastrophe events more significant and its been seen in over a decade with Hurricane Harvey, Irma and Maria along with the two earthquakes in Mexico. Albeit on a smaller scale, we were reminded again in 2018 that Mother Nature can deliver powerful storms like Hurricane Florence and Typhoon Jebi. Losses from these storms have demonstrated that our cautious approach to underwriting global property risks is likely to continue to result in below average volatility. Loss reserves developed favorably in the quarter and prior year quarters by $7 million or approximately 0.5 loss ratio points. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio is 63.5% in the third quarter of 2018.  The expense ratio of 32.4% represents the decline of 0.2% from the year ago quarter and was lower than the consecutive quarter of 33.3%. In dollar terms our underwriting expense was relatively flat to the comparative quarters and year-to-date, as the gross and net premiums written earns through the income statement in coming quarters we expect an improving expense ratio. In addition several new businesses weve scaled we believe their contribution will further improve the expense ratio. We have and continue to look at ways to streamline our processes internally not only does this create efficiencies and strengthen our service offerings but it also minimizes the cost of doing business. This brings our quarterly combined ratio for the third quarter of 2018 to 95.9%, and our accident year combined ratio excluding cat to 93.9%. Investment income increased 31% to 44 million to 186 million; the core portfolio increased approximately 15 million led by fixed maturity securities; higher base of invested assets and rising interest rates have benefitted the income statement. Investment funds increased 26 million primarily due to higher earnings from energy, aviation, and real estate funds. Weve also maintained an average rating of double A minus and an average duration of 2.9 years for fixed maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents. We reported pretax net realized and unrealized gains of $22 million, due to the change in accounting for equity securities adopted in 2018, there are now two components comprising pretax gains.  The first is pretax realized gains from the sale of investments of $154 million and second is a change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $132 million resulting from the adoption of this new accounting announcement. The change in unrealized gains and equity securities is not reflected in any prior years income statement results and therefore creates an inconsistency to comparable periods. Had no change occurred in this treatment our annualized pretax return on equity for the quarter, would have been approximately 10% higher. We recognized foreign currency gains of $17 million in the current quarter, approximately 16 million of which primarily is due to the strengthening U.S. dollar relative to Argentine pesos. Beginning July 2018 Argentina is considered hyperinflationary, under the accounting rules hyperinflation arises when the cumulative inflation over three years is equal to or greater than 100%, and accordingly, we were required to change the functional currency from Argentine peso to U.S. dollars for our Argentine operations. The effective tax rate was 21.4% for the quarter, the total income tax expense reflects the reduction in U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21%, and effective tax rate differs from U.S. federal income tax rate of 21%, primarily because of tax exempt investment income offset by foreign operations with the higher tax rates. Stockholders equity increased slightly quarter-over-quarter and from the beginning of the year, the combination of lower unrealized gains on fixed maturity securities due to rising interest rates and the return of capital offset much of the earnings in the quarter and year-to-date.  Fortunately our early decision to maintain a short duration on our fixed maturity portfolio has positioned us well to minimize the adverse impact on the balance sheet while benefit from rising interest rates through the income statement. We also returned capital to investors of $79 million in the quarter and finally our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis was 12% on net income. Thanks Rob.
Rob Berkley: Great Rich thank you very much. Mani now we would be pleased to open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Amit Kumar: Just a couple of quick questions. The first question I had for you Rob was I was trying to tie your commentary on pricing of 3.9% with your frustration with the industry behavior regarding what they are doing. Is that -- does that mean that we should anticipate a continued upward trajectory in WRBs pricing? Or am I simplifying the thought process too much?
Rob Berkley: Well, from our perspective I think it's pretty clear that in many lines of business loss costs are moving up. Workers comps maybe one of the few phenomenon where we're seeing certain components of the loss cost particularly the frequency trends being negative which then annures to the benefit. But overall, when you look at the level of financial inflation in the broader systems and if you look at the level of social inflation that there is a growing evidence around we think that there are lots of ways to affect the rates. Again, one is the price we charge, one is terms and conditions attachment point deductable et cetera et cetera.  Our view is that given the level of inflation that is in the system and that presents itself in many different ways one needs to be taking appropriate action. So yes, when we talked about 3.9 of rate that is just what's you're being driven by the pricing we are doing other things as well which we think will impact the margins.
Amit Kumar: The other question I had was going back to the broader discussion on expense ratio, and I know Rich made some comments and there were some comments specific comments in the press release. I know in the past we have talked about I guess the 1% to 2% number. Are we still on track for that? Or could we even end up doing better than that?
Rob Berkley: Well, I dont want to get ahead of ourselves. I think as we have commented in the past we are running at 33 something pretty consistently. We are looking to take a point off that over time consistently. And once we have gotten to that new level then we will look to see other opportunities for us to improve from there. But again, I would caution you and others please keep in mind that occasionally we need to make certain types of investments in order to position ourselves to improve which could come at a cost.
Amit Kumar: Got it, that's helpful and maybe just sneak one more quickly and I'll stop. Do you have any early indications what's your hurricane Michael exposure might be?
Rob Berkley: Are we getting some loss notices yes, of course we are as I presume others are in the market place but I think would be a really premature for us to begin to even speculate as to what thats going to be having said that as you know, and as we continue to demonstrate weve managed volatility in what we believe is a thoughtful and measured manner and given our comments around property pricing particularly cat exposed property we tend to underwrite that certainly compared to the average among our peers.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Just a follow-up on Amits question raises versus inflation, if you balance these two the rate increasing as well as you have inflation trends, will you be able to maintain the underwriting margin going forward, or you can actually the rate increase itself outpaced the last inflation, that you can have some improvements on it?
Rob Berkley: Our expectation between the rate that were looking to achieve and weve been able to achieve so far as well as some of the other underwriting actions that weve taken we believe that ultimately it will to inure to the benefit of the margin and youll see margins enhancement on the underwriting side.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. And then just following up the workers compensation like commentary youve seen active frequency trend, what we heard from some other competitors talking about the increasing frequency, is it something sort of different your basis of writing versus the others?
Rob Berkley: Well I am not familiar with the others book of business. I can only react to our portfolio and I would suggest that you might give a call to the folks over at CCI, they put together some what I would define as very helpful broad data on the industry and I think that might give you some further insight and I would expect that would dovetail with our comments.
Kai Pan: And then on the investment side, it looks like the alternative fund, sort of the fund returns have been more than sort of like last few quarters, like you said energy and real estate funds are there any early indications for the fourth quarter results because I remember those results probably lagging the market in terms of
Rob Berkley: Yes. Much of what's in there we book on a quarterly lag, having said that I think its a little bit early for us to really point you in a direction, I think Karen has given some historical guidance in the past and weve as well I think somewhere between 15 million to 20 million a quarter and but again if you look back over the history theres a fair amount of volatility in that, its a very different animal than the fixed income portfolio.
Kai Pan: Last one if I may on the sort of realized gains and losses and the capacity always guiding $100 million a year so far you did 420 in three quarters so how should we expect going forward is that going to be less because youre already realized a lot or if the current trends going to continue?
Rob Berkley: We continue to guide people towards the 25 million a quarter is the right plug if you will for your model at the same time as we have been quite emphatic the nature of the type of investments and how it gets realized there its going to be a good deal of volatility. Weve had a couple of good years. I would suggest do not make the assumption that that means that we have gone through all of the opportunity to monetize I would tell you that the pipeline is both deep and broad at the same time the timing of when that gets realized could easily vary by some number of quarters. So again, my suggestion to you is as you continue to use the 25 million at the same, per quarter at the same time from our perspective. Well it may not help you that the nature is there will be volatility in there.
Kai Pan: I was hoping Bill can make some comments on what asset classes feel right for sort of harvest in terms of valuation?
Rob Berkley: Well, I would suggest you give Bill a call. 
Richard Baio: I dont think this is going there with a broad audience. 
Rob Berkley: I think the long and the short of it is, its really an opportunistic decisions, opportunity comes along we'll harvest one asset or another and it really is purely opportunistic. And I think that will continue to be where we are.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Zaremski: Follow-up on Kais question and Rob your remarks on workers' comp. So if we take into account the important nuance you brought up about payrolls and wage increases helping and frequencies being negative. And we mesh that with pricing, which is negative. Are margins staying steady or are they just deteriorating by trading off of excellent levels. Just trying to get directionally where that line is going?
Rob Berkley: The thoughts that I would share with you are the following. I think, it varies greatly by territory, it varies greatly by class. So I would be reluctant to use such a broad brush for really it will requires a fine brush to provide a specific answer as youre looking for. I would tell you that theyre clearly parts of the market not the whole market, but there are parts of the market that we find very attractive still in spite of whats been happening with the action coming out of the rating bureaus, which is why you see us continuing to grow the line of business as articulated in the release.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thats fair and I know thats a very nuanced by state. My next questions regarding the catastrophe load. It seems like its continually a little below investors expectations and are you guys emphasize volatility management for portfolio mix has changed a good deal over the last 10 decades? And honestly, Im just taking the 10-year average. So just curious whether maybe I shouldnt be taking your average?
Rob Berkley: Im sorry, we missed the last part of that we were pre-occupied with the 10 decades and I turned to my
Michael Zaremski: Sorry. Im a little bit [indiscernible]. So yes, I just dont have as much as for instance you guys. 
Rob Berkley: I think that it would be appropriate to think that when you see cat activity should expect the experience on a relative basis for our organization to be relatively benign. The growth that maybe referring to in the product line that Rich, I think you're going to the release is really driven by, but I would define as non-property short tail lines. So examples of that not limited to this, but examples of that would be surety, as well as A&H. But we have had and continue to have the view that this business is all about risk adjusted return. If and when there's an opportunity that we believe that the risk adjusted returns make sense in a cross property cat space, we are prepared to play that game. But we believe that when you think about risk one needs to factor in volatility. So until you see a dramatic shift and it would have to be very dramatic. Then you will continue to see us the underweighted in some of the cat exposed lines. And to the extent that rates get attractive then we certainly will be sharing with you and other stakeholders to the extent our appetite has changed and why. But we are not going to do anything that we don't think we get paid appropriately for the risk.
Michael Zaremski : Okay, great. And I can throw one last one in, you mentioned the prepared remarks as well the real estate portion of the investment portfolio has grown by more than a couple points since year-end. How do you think about the total return opportunity in that portfolio and just curious do higher interest rates make the opportunity to harvest maybe less promising over time? 
Rob Berkley: No. First of all, we generally don't use leverage in our real estate portfolio. So it has really had much impact on us. Our real estate portfolio I think we have one building that we will read for one mortgage on, but that's the total sum of our historic mortgages. So it doesn't really have much impact on us. Number two, we're developing projects. So the increase in our investment in real estate, we finished the building in London it's something like 60 something percent rented up, maybe 70% I don't know exactly as of the moment. And we have buildings in Washington that are just finishing up and we have finished in 100% leased building in New York City. So what you've seen is our completion of buildings and renting them up, not new project started.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you very much for the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joshua Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. 
Joshua Shanker: Good evening everybody. Hi there. Excellent quarter, good job. I would love to talk to you guys a little about your personal lines for a and if there's a new business penalty associated with acquiring business and what that happens over time and given some travelers remarks and we had this big fire out in California. What is the appetite long-term for that kind of business? Obviously you're looking for specialty business but try and understand your overall appetite?
Rob Berkley: All right, Josh let me repeat the question back here to make sure I got it correct if you don't mind. So were you asking about Berkeley One our personalized business or just in general or exposure to cat or I just want to make sure. 
Joshua Shanker: So Berkeley One and how it relates to exposure to cats? 
Rob Berkley: Okay. So 
Joshua Shanker: And also there's and if there's a new business penalty as you grow?
Rob Berkley: Okay. So for starters is when you say new business penalty what does that mean exactly I wanted? 
Joshua Shanker:  I mean in the past certainly Bill has said that that you -- unlike a lot of companies you like to write new business at a better margin then business thats already on your book. So you understand the nature for the business on your books, by taking on new business most companies say look we dont know that business is well so often times it contains losses and a loss profile thats in excess of we might've expected. I guess that's what I mean.
Rob Berkley: Okay, I appreciate the clarity. So maybe this is as far as that piece right off the bat, we do not burn our way into the market maybe to put a slightly finer point on it whether thatd be due to selection or pricing or whatever our colleagues that are running the business are true professionals and not only do they have the technical expertise but weve a shared set of values out of respect for the capitals that our various stakeholders provide us, so is it possible at any given one off risk that we could be cheaper than competitor C, yes it is certainly possible, but it's also possible on the next three quarters that we would be less competitive than competitor C or competitor A or competitor P, so to make a long story short, no I do not believe that we are burning our way into the market and philosophically I dont think the folks that are running that part of the business on behalf of the shareholders subscribe to that at all.  As far as our overall approach to cat and exposures such as wildfire it certainly is something that we have a high sensitivity to, we measure our exposure and our aggregates very carefully weve some very skilled people in our ERM department making sure that we understand what we have out there. We have a clear view around what our risk appetite is as an organization and then ultimately we will find partners that are looking to deploy capacity in the reinsurance market to help us manage whatever exposure is beyond what our appetite may be. So long story short, at Berkeley One has not changed our philosophies in general or our risk appetite.
Joshua Shanker: And do you have in way of framing in a five years sort of view how big Berkley One could be?
Rob Berkley: How big? I think Berkley one five years from now is going to be very meaningful to our organization. I think it is meaningful today because of the contribution that colleagues are making in building and developing our franchise and I think that that will broader terms here as the financial contribution becomes something that will move the needle in a meaningful way for the group.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Rob in your prepared comments you talked about terms and conditions is there market trend right now where terms and conditions are near your competition in insurance?
Rob Berkley: I think there's certainly are pockets of the market where you see standard market appetite expanding and consequently you see a relaxing of terms and conditions and I think that there is a meaningful parts of the market that are moving in the other direction where you're seeing a tightening of terms and conditions as well and youre seeing business exit the standard market. So again I am not trying to be difficult but it really varies depending on what product -- what pocket excuse me of the market youre referring to but I referenced the terms and conditions, attachment points, deductible etc., because people tend to get very focused on did the rate move up how much, did it move down how much and those are really important things and certainly our rate monitor tries to capture some of that, what I would tell you is that I don't think any rate monitor is fully is able -- excuse me is able to fully capture change in terms, conditions etc.
Meyer Shields: That's helpful, that makes a lot of sense, within the frequent -- I am sorry within the general liability lines, youve talked about social inflation for a while, is that trend accelerating or is it just sort of worse than it had been but at the same level?
Richard Baio: I think its a lot of things, its very difficult to determine that over a short period of time I think clearly as we get a few more quarters under our belt it will become more evident. But I would tell you we have a little bit of data what I think the growing gut feel within our organization is that you're seeing a resurgence in activity and efforts in the plaintiff's bar, you've obviously seen some very large awards are coming out of juries, and often times when you see these large numbers that tends to set the bar for what other awards may be as the new reality. So again I dont feel as though anyone has enough evidence or data at this stage to be able to point you definitively in a direction, but I think there is a growing amount of data that would support, there is good reason to have concern around the social inflation idea.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Actually that was kind of my question there, but Rob let me just follow-up on the social inflation a little bit here, I am just curious what do you think is going to be driving it here going forward and if you look at obviously the court system right now were back to kind of balanced federal public court system as far as Republican and Democratic appointed judges, we've obviously got a favorable Supreme Court, how do you think that impacts things going forward?
Rob Berkley: I think the pendulum tends to swing back and forward as we observe and I think theres a delay and I think were on -- weve expressed our view in the past and it continues to be our view Brian that part of the resurgence in the plaintiff bar and perhaps some of what you see coming out of jury is a reflection of the environment over the past eight years that we had Washington really very much influenced through a more of the Democrat lens, I suspect if you roll the movie forward over time youll see the pendulum swinging back the other way but theres clearly a delay.
Brian Meredith: That makes a lot of sense, and then secondly Rob just curious you made the comment that youre still seeing some favorable frequency on workers compensation insurance, can you tell us what would drive that to kind of pop back up the other way?
Rob Berkley: So again I dont know if anyone can scientifically if you will or mathematically prove exactly what has driven this relatively benign environment for an extended period of time even though theres data that would suggest it has to do with safer workforce, medical costs as well and a variety of other things.  I would suggest that perhaps that one of the larger concerns that we have, that could send it sailing back in the other direction. Putting aside what people have been trying to do on as far as managing costs would the a very, very tight workforce, like one that were seeing today, sub 4% but what ends up happening when you have an environment like that often times Brian you get people in jobs that they have not received an appropriate level of training for it, that often times can lead to accident and injury.  They also get people working overtime, and oftentimes people get a degree of fatigue that can lead to accident and injury. So my crystal ball is pretty much as foggy as anyone elses, but that certainly is one of the things that when we lock ourselves in a room together and try and figure out where things are going, thats one of the thoughts that we kick around. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open. 
Ryan Tunis: I just had, I had a couple on underwriting and then one on expenses. I guess in the underwriting side, just how would you characterize this quarter in terms of like man-made losses, short tail stuff its non-cat. Can you got help the loss ratio or was that little more than its been?
Rob Berkley: I think it was trying to right up the middle by and large. So I think the improvements that weve been talking about that youll see with time are going to come as a result of rate and changes that we are making on in the underwriting front for the pricing again, and not just terms conditions but selection as well. 
Ryan Tunis: And actually that was my follow-up. So on the step [indiscernible] the terms and conditions, the risk selection I know in the past you talked about moving up in attachment point. Philosophically does that change, is it a change the volatility of your results are you more likely to have lumpy quarters if you're higher up I mean, are you I mean is there any offset do you think in terms of, obviously its going to help margins but is there any caution about what there might be for the volatility standpoint or anything else?
Rob Berkley: Again as we suggested under the lens of volatility risk adjusted return were focusing on property cat and the comments earlier. Volatility in general is something that we are very sensitive to. I would caution you not to make the leap that in some cases where we adjust attachment points that that would have a dramatic impact on the type of volatility we have in our portfolio. I would also remind you that the lion's share of the business that we write is not large account or even in an access tower. The vast majority of the business we write is relatively small limit business.  So I think this as a data point, more than 85% of our policies have a limit of $2 million or less. So when you think about that in the context we are not a big access market and we are not a subscription market in a big way. The lion's share of what we do, we write the whole individual account. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then on the expense side, I'm not exactly sure it's been having with the ratio there and reinsurance but it looks like one place where you've made a lot of improvement has been in reinsurance. Looks like you're at kind of low 40s selling an operating expense run rate now and that was up towards of 60, just over a year ago. Just some color I guess on what you're -- what are some of the changes you're making there?
Rob Berkley: There was -- we've had a shift in the portfolio and I'm going to give you my key suggestions, then Rich can give you a little bit more color. Rich, that was my heads up, it's about to come over to you.
Richard Baio: Fair enough.
Rob Berkley: What's happened is we had several structure deals there where the loss ratio had a quarter or cap on it, if you will, and the commission was on a sliding scale. The commissions were particularly high. The colleagues running the business decided pursuing those in general did not make a lot of sense going forward. Commissions came down, scale of the business came down, internals went up. I'm done.
Richard Baio: I think that's a fair summary, Rob. The other point that I would add is that as we see, on the commission side as you're pointing out, a reduction, the fixed costs are obviously down a little bit as well. And that reduction is not enough to counter the effect of the earned premium reduction that we're seeing coming through quarter-over-quarter. So it's really just a reflection of that fixed and variable costs proportion to the earned premium. 
Ryan Tunis: And I guess [indiscernible] for a second, but Rob you did -- kind of so much you're cautioning towards run rating this level of expenses this quarter going forward. What kind of
Rob Berkley: If that was the message that I sent to you and others or if I left you with that and questions -- what I'm suggesting is this. We've been running at 33 something give or take, more often than not for a while. We did express a desire to take a point off of that. And once we get that accomplished, we will be as a group looking to see other opportunities to improve from there. I would suggest -- I guess the additional comments where I would just remind people that in order to make this progress, occasionally one has to take a half a step back in order to take two steps forward. So I am not suggesting to you, I'm not, in any way shape or form what your assumption should be. That assumption is your assumption. I am telling you is as I think some of the progress that we have been looking to make was visible in the quarter, at the same time we do have other initiatives that could move it back in the other direction temporarily.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, very good. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you very much. Good evening. Rob, in you're prepared comments you expressed some frustration over the way the industry is behaving right now. And I guess my question to you would be, are your expectations of the industry different than what the industry has done over time?Namely we're seeing none of investment income improve interest rates rise where we haven't quite seen losses emerge at any significant scale just yet. Industry capacity remains abundant. I think you guys have been in this industry way longer than I've looked at it, but in your experience, have you seen the industry raise rates in such an environment?
Rob Berkley: So I'm going to yield to my boss who has decades more experience than I do and I think he can give you a better perspective than I.
Bill Berkley: I dont like being referred to as decades. But the long shot to it is -- I think you have different sources of capital that are responding to losses in different ways than this industry has historically responded. So yes, it is different than it was. Primarily because the capital is in this industry for marginal returns over and above their investment returns, there's lots of it. And people are looking at their investment returns in a different way. I think that's going to all change and it will at some point when the catastrophe losses are large enough that it impacts people who find that the unforeseen event is greater than the actuarially projected result. And that will happen, we just don't know exactly when. We have had periods of time where we had 300 and 400 year events in a period of five or seven years. And that's the kind of thing that can dramatically change the outcome. Sandy wasnt even a hurricane. Imagine if it was a hurricane. Imagine if 38 kind of hurricane came across where it did last time, the losses on Long Island and Rhode Island alone would be bigger than any storm we've seen. So I think that you arent seeing people react because they're relying 100% on the predictive modeled results and if you've been in the business long enough you know, predictive models results are only averages based on statistics, they are not perfect. And I think this business has become much, much more predictive than model. As you think it is behaving in a different way at the moment, but we will see whether that's justified or not.
Yaron Kinar: And then I guess the other question, Rob in your prepared comments you also talked about D&O, particularly for large accounts is being an area of that seems especially concerning right now. We have all seen the data around frequency picking up and defense costs being up. Is there anything else that is driving your concern there specifically the large accounts? And on top of that do you see as the private market the smaller market as an area that could be a port in the storm if the trends that you're seeing in large public do indeed go through?
Rob Berkley: Again, from our perspective the D&O space in general is pretty competitive. As far as opportunities or niches within the D&O space, we prefer not to get into where we see the pockets of opportunities. But again, the large accounts and we all read about the loss activity if you pick up the Wall Street Journal you can't help but stumble across it. There's been a fair amount of loss activity. There has been a frequency of severity if you will and that's not uncommon for the D&O space. I think the problem is that the market has been very competitive for an extended period of time, and I'm not sure if there is an appropriate level of premium to be able to endure the level of loss activity, and again I think thats particularly noteworthy and what I would define as the Fortune 5000.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley for closing remarks.
Rob Berkley: Okay thank you very much, we appreciate you all calling in; from our perspective again it was a solid quarter, it was an opportunity for us to demonstrate how we manage risk and in return particularly in this quarter under the lens of property cat. We spent a good deal of time focused on a lot of things and how we managed the business, but we try not to spend our lives being obsessed with whats in the rearview mirror, but actually looking at the front windshield. Hence how we've been positioning the investment portfolio for an extended period of time, as well as the actions that weve been taking on the underwriting side. We think there are clearly opportunities in the marketplace and we are pleased with the strength and stability of our platform. So, thank you all again for calling in and we look forward to talking about another successful quarter within 90 days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude the program, you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkley - President and Chief Executive Officer  Richard Baio - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer William Berkley - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Buckingham Research Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Arash Soleimani - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Michael Zaremski - Credit Suisse Yaron Kinar - Goldman Sachs Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the businesses environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Latif, thank you very much. And I think, at this stage, your comments may be as long or longer than mine. So thank you all for calling in and welcome to our second quarter call. Joining me on this and, as usual, is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. Similar to what weve done in the past, Im going to start out with some macro comments with things that are on our mind as it relates to the industry, a couple of comments on some different product lines, and then Ill offer a few sound bites on the quarter, and then Ill be handing it over to Rich, where he will be getting into some more details on the quarter. And finally, we will be opening it up for questions. So thats the plan. So as far as whats on our mind at a macro level, there are really three general topics that we wanted to discuss today. These are topics that we think are very relevant. Theyre not new or overly insightful, but we think they are important to the industry. And were concerned, because the industry is not known for its ability to change or to adapt. Topic number one is inflation. Certainly, something that we have talked about in past calls. Its certainly something that others have discussed and you cant pick up a newspaper without reading about it or turn on the news and hearing about it. Lots of questions in the industry as to where is the economy going, and what does this mean for investment portfolios, what will the impact be on lost cost. Obviously, much of the focus is around financial inflation. But in addition to that, we think that as weve discussed in past quarters, its important to give an appropriate level of consideration to social inflation. There is growing evidence, at least, from our perspective that there is an increasing frequency of severity and severity continues to be up on the rise. There is growing evidence that were living in a more litigious environment and it is undoubtedly the case that it will have an impact on loss cost. One of the big issues around changing loss cost and inflation that comes in, in different flavors is the industry has not had to deal with this reality for some extended period of time. There are many professionals in the industry that have not had to operate or during their career, they have not had to operate during an inflationary environment. Many actuaries, many underwriters, many people in other disciplines have never had to think about this as they consider what an appropriate rate is and as they think about selection. Obviously, its not just rate alone, its attachment point, its terms and conditions, its a variety of things. Second issue that is certainly, well, quite frankly, its a bit of a pet peeve of ours, has to do with property. The insurance industry has made an [ark out of the bud 4] [ph]. When cats occur, we have this ability to back the cat losses out. But ironically, the industry doesnt seem to back the premium out. There is a reality. Hale happens every year. Tornadoes happen every year. Earthquakes, hurricanes happen certainly more often than we would like. But we cannot ignore the reality when we decide what an appropriate risk-adjusted return is. We cannot back it out of the results just because its convenient and it tells us an answer that we would rather have. Certainly, if you use us as an example, we generated 94.9% in the quarter. As Rich will walk through the numbers with you, I would love to be able to sit here and convince myself that actually its more of a 94% or 93.9%, if you back out the cat. And if you back out weather altogether, its a better number than that, but that isnt reality. I touch on this not because again, its a new idea, it certainly isnt a different idea. I touch on it, because it goes to this idea of change. And to the extent that the industry is not willing to accept the realities of, again, its loss cost that stem from activities that are not every day, then that is a problem and that will get in the way of us selecting and pricing appropriately. Third area of that is worth mentioning and again, it goes to the idea of change and the industry accepting reality and doing something about it, are the inefficiencies that exist in our industry. The number of pennies on every dollar premium that are spent on other things and claims are overwhelming. This is not a sustainable reality. The combination of acquisition costs and internal costs are not something thats deciding our opinion will be willing to accept long-term. Ultimately, we as an industry have a choice. We cannot just sit here and have carriers blame distribution and distribution blame carriers. This is a riddle that will be solved by the two parties working together, as we have mentioned in the past. But in spite of all the chatter about this throughout the industry, its both shocking and disappointing how little has actually changed. I mentioned these three topics again for no other reason than we view them as short to intermediate term issues that do need to be addressed. These are issues that if they are not addressed, the world will find a way to come up with better solutions, whether it be as it relates to the expenses, whether it be to the use of capital or whether it be to a variety of other things we as an industry need to change. Pivoting over to some specifics on market in general at a more granular level, maybe starting with reinsurance, let me bifurcate that between domestic as opposed to international. On the domestic front, property remains very challenging. Having said that, we continue to be cautiously optimistic that the casualty and the professional markets are showing early modest signs of improvement. Certainly, accounts that have had severe loss activity or new accounts, there seems to be a shift in the pricing leverage where its not completely a buyers market. On the international or the non-U.S. front, again, property is challenging, but casualty and professional actually seems to be gaining some meaningful momentum. And again, these comments are pointed to a treaty when we think about faculty that we really think in many ways thats more akin to insurance just on a wholesale basis. Pivoting over to the insurance market, if we start with property. Let me bifurcate this into three buckets. Cat exposed properties that was impacted during 2017, clearly you were seeing meaningful rate increases. Bucket number two, cat at exposed property that was not impacted in 2017, you were seeing rate movement in the right direction, but at a less healthy clip. And then, of course, theres a non-exposed cat, which I will define as flattish. But on the topic of property, it will be interesting to see some of the commentary that we see  that is coming out of London, whether that is just turned to be chatter and noise or whether that will convert into greater discipline and the action and behavior. Workers comp, clearly, state rating bureaus are what the results have been and they are looking, they continue to be taking rate action. Having said that, the trends still look very good from our perspective, not across the Board, you need to use a finer brush than that. But we still feel pretty good about that, which is why if you look at our release, youll still see even though rates are getting more challenging in comp, were still finding opportunities to grow. Casualty from our perspective is the sweet spot today. Well see how long that lasts. Certainly, we have our fingers crossed. Our professional liability no different than what weve been commenting on for the past several quarters remains the area of great concern. Certainly, D&O has had its challenges. But I would suggest you can cast a broader net than that and much of the professional market over the next 12, 18, 24 months is really right for some type of change. And then the last comment as far as product lines auto, we continue to be pleased with the momentum that is building there. A couple of quick comments more specifically about our quarter. Rich is going to walk you through this in more detail, but we were pleased with the top line growth. You may have noticed that the Insurance segment was up about 5%, which was give or take what we would have expected and its certainly possible that well see a little bit more momentum as they go into the balance of the year. Offsetting that was reinsurance, which is down about 12%, I believe and again, the main pressure from there was the domestic reinsurance for the comments earlier about market condition. Rich is going to walk you through the loss ratio. If you take cat and you take weather-related and you mush it altogether, kind of gets you back to give or take about where we were last year, so thats flattish. Expense ratio the 32.9% for insurance. From my perspective not bad, given the amount of specialty business we write and how much is on a wholesale basis. Having said that, we are going to keep chipping away at that. Certainly, as we look to 2019, well have to see whether we can get it done or not. But hopefully, on a written basis, well be able to take a point or so out of that. Reinsurance, again, obviously having an adverse impact. Part of the issue is Ceding commission that are just out of whack based on historical levels. Any other piece due to our underwriting discipline. And again, let me put a quick shot out to our colleagues on the insurance front, we applaud that discipline. But the reality is, the internal costs have been moving up. Rich will talk about the positive developments, the kind of ebbs and flows, quarter-to-quarter. We look very closely at our reserves at a very granular level every 90 days, this is something that we do take quite seriously. And then the last comment I  or one of the last comments I would add is just the investment portfolio. I think that the discipline that was brought to bear in managing the portfolio over the past several years is truly bearing fruit. Rich is going to walk you through the numbers. But our colleagues have done a great job finding alternative investments with the core portfolio, managing that duration down with the expectation that interest rates would be doing what they are doing and were starting to see the benefits. You can see that coming through and whats happening with our book value compared to peers. You can see that whats happening with our core investment returns as well. So again, kudos to them. So Im going to  excuse me, pause there, and Im going to hand it over to Rich. Let him run some of his comments with you all and then we will be opening up for questions. Rich, if you will, please?
Richard Baio: Thank you, Rob. We had a solid quarter with net income increasing 65%, or $71 million to $180 million for the second quarter of 2018. Our earnings improved over the year-ago quarter due to higher underwriting process, higher net investment income and a greater amount of gains even after the change in accounting that now requires us to include unrealized gains and losses on equity securities in the income statement. Earnings also benefited from foreign currency gains from the strengthening U.S. dollar. In addition, our overall income tax expense decreased significantly due to the reduced U.S. tax rate of 21% versus 35% in the prior year. Pre-tax underwriting income increased 5.6% to $81 million compared to the year-ago quarter. The improvement was primarily attributable to higher earned premium and lower cat losses with relatively flat underwriting expenses. Overall, net premiums written increased 3.8% to approximately $1.6 billion. For the Insurance segment, premiums grew 5.2%, slightly more than $1.5 billion. The growth was led by a 12% increase in short tail lines. In addition, we grew 7% in commercial auto and 5% in other liability, while workers compensation and professional liability were relatively flat compared with the year-ago quarter. The Reinsurance segment remains competitive with continued pressure on the rate environment, as Rob was alluding to earlier. As such, our Reinsurance segment decreased 12% to approximately $111 million, a reduced rate of decline from more recent quarters. The accident year loss ratio before cat of 61.2% was slightly higher than the prior-year quarter, largely due to non-cat property losses in the Insurance segment. Cat losses declined from $33 million, a 2.1 loss ratio points to the prior year to $14 million this quarter, or 0.9 loss ratio points. Weve experienced slightly higher non-cat weather-related losses in the current quarter of $15 million. This represents about 20 to 30 basis points higher than our more recent experience, but certainly, within our range of expectations. Loss reserves developed favorably in the current quarter by $7 million, or 0.5 loss ratio points, compared to the $21 million, or 1.3 loss ratio points a year ago. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio is relatively unchanged at 61.6% quarter-over-quarter. The expense ratio of 33.3% represented a decline of 0.3% from the year ago quarter and is relatively unchanged from the consecutive quarter. The current quarters expense ratio is favorably impacted by the reduction in commission expense relative to the change in net premiums earned. This reduction was primarily attributable to the business mix in the Insurance and Reinsurance segment. This brings our combined ratio for the second quarter of 2018 to 94.9%, compared with 95.1% in the prior year. Investment income increased 14%, or $19 million to $154 million. The investment income of the core portfolio increased $12 million led by fixed income. A higher base of invested assets and rising interest rates have benefited the income statement. Investment funds increased $4 million, primarily due to lower energy fund losses compared to the year-ago quarter. Weve maintained an average rating of AA- and the average duration declined slightly to 2.9 years for fixed maturity securities, including cash and cash equivalents. We reported pre-tax net realized and unrealized gains of $70 million due to the change in accounting for equity securities adopted in January 2018. There are now two components reported in this line item on the income statement. The first is pre-tax realized gains from the sale of investments of $124 million, and second is the change in unrealized gains on equity securities of $54 million, resulting from the adoption of this new accounting pronouncement. The change in unrealized gains on equity securities is not reflected in any prior years results and therefore, creates an inconsistency to comparable periods. Had no change occurred in this treatment, our annualized pre-tax return on equity for the quarter would have been 4% higher. The effective tax rate was 21.1% for the quarter. The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal tax rate of 21%, primarily because of tax exempt investment income offset by foreign operations of the higher tax rate. Stockholders equity increased slightly from the beginning of the year. Earnings on a year-to-date basis were primarily offset by the impact of higher interest rates on unrealized gains and fixed maturity securities, currency translation losses and the return of capital. You may recall, we repurchased shares in the first quarter and we paid a special dividend in the second quarter of 2018 of $0.50 per share. Our decision to maintain a shorter duration on invested assets relative to liabilities have positioned us well to minimizing the impact on our balance sheet, while benefiting from rising interest rates through the income statement. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis was 13.3% on net income. Thanks, Rob.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Latif, if we could please open it up for questions then.
Operator: Absolutely, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar of Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Amit, good afternoon.
Richard Baio: Hi, Amit.
Amit Kumar: Hey, good afternoon, and congrats on the numbers. Two quick questions, and then I will requeue. The first question for you, Rob, is going back on the discussion on the loss cost trends and underlying lost ratio. I was trying to discern if you could maybe talk about  is the loss cost inflation trend running a bit hotter than what you expected? And hence we should think differently about earned rate versus loss cost inflation, or am I jumping ahead here?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think, you could be reading a little more deeply into the comment was meant in a broader sense. But let me take the opportunity to make some general comments. First of all, we come up with our initial loss picks, we tend to air what I would define is on the more conservative side with the idea that, as the losses season out, we will tighten those up. And thats why  I dont know, again, how many quarters its been, but thats why you consistently see the positive development. We continue to take that approach. We think its the sound and measured approach. I think, there is more inflation in the system and I think a lot of people get disproportionately focused on financial inflation and may not fully appreciate the other types of inflation that can have an impact on loss costs. When we look at whats going on, yes, there in some cases maybe a need for rate. But one of the tricky parts, particularly perhaps for someone who is in the position or has the visibility that you have is, there are a lot of levers that one can pull and push other than rate. And whether it be attachment point, whether it be terms and conditions, whether this be classes of business that you pivot into or pivot away from. So my point, the reason why I raised it was not us at all thinking that our loss picks were an issue. Actually, we continue to feel very comfortable with them. It is more and making the point that there are a lot of things that are potentially changing and there are a lot of people in the industry that may not have a lot of experience with this type of change. Fortunately, for us by and large, our underwriters are very seasoned, which is typically the case in the specialty line. So there is a lot of experience know-how as to when you have an inflationary type environment, how do you manage that and what levers do you push and pull.
Amit Kumar: Got it, that  thanks for that clarification. And the other question and I will requeue after this. I think you were talking about some of the, I guess, lets call it, the emerging perils or the perils,which have been around for the past few quarters up. Can you just update us on your thoughts on maybe two or three things. One is, were seeing a bit more activity on lawsuits  massive amounts of lawsuits being filed against the Opioid manufacturers?
Robert Berkley: Yep.
Amit Kumar: And secondly, the telc issue, which is also turning out to be a bigger deal. Maybe just refresh us where we are and with all of us having been through the asbestos crisis and still having those scars? Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Yes. Well, first of all, as far as asbestos analogy, I think that apples and oranges. And the big difference is policy limits and aggregate limits that backed on the asbestos period didnt exist the way they exist today. Having said that, clearly from a social perspective, the Opioid epidemic is very unnerving and it should be very concerning to all of us as a society. Unfortunately, when terrible things happen oftentimes, the way society deals with it is, they say somebody is going to pay. And whether its the manufacturers, or its the distributors, or its anyone else that even was within a stones throw of the situation, they and by extension their carrier, there will probably be an attempt to pull them in. How this is going to play out? Clearly. it is a meaningful situation that one should not shrug off. At the same time, I think, it would be a mistake to suggest that this could be the next asbestos. Could it be meaningful? Yes. Is it the next asbestos? I think likely not. And as far as telc goes honestly, I was left speechless by what came out of the legal system and I think others were as well. I think some have offered some commentary on the venue. And based on historical experience what type of judgments have come out of that venue. Im not an attorney, Im not a claims expert. So I cant offer a view, but I have heard some commentary around that. And again, Im not a scientist and I have not seen the studies. So I cannot comment whether it is real or whether its not an issue. But in any event, there will be a meaningful amount of dollars both spent by the insured, as well as presumably carriers on defense costs amongst other things.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Good afternoon,.
Kai Pan: Thank you. And  good afternoon to you as well. I have a few questions. First one just follow-up on mid question and social inflation. I just wonder, can you talk a little bit more about your own professional liability book? How different is that from the general market? Are you actually  given the trend, are you actually taking a higher initial loss pick for that line? And also you are basically increasing pricing to respond to that inflationary trends?
Robert Berkley: Obviously, professional liability is a very broad universe. So to try and paint with one brush would probably not be appropriate or constructive. Certainly, we  there are some parts of the professional liability space that we think were in a exceedingly good shape. Were very happy with the margin, and to the extent we could write more business at that margin or something approaching it, we would be pleased to do so. There are other parts of the marketplace, where our view is that we will either be able to adjust what we believe is the last step to what we think makes sense to do rates through attachment points through terms and conditions. and we will either find a way for that to work to our satisfaction or we will not write the business. In spite of our Insurance segment growing in the quarter, youll notice that the professional component was flattish. And if it means that we cannot get to where we need to a certain product lines and we are happy to let the market move away from us and that part of the business will shrink.
Kai Pan: Great. My second question on the investment side. The last few quarters youve seen investment income have been growing closer to double digits or exceeding double digits. And thats quite like a much better than some of the peer reporting probably mid single digits net investment income growth. I just wonder how different your book versus your peers and is that like a high single or low double-digit returns going to be sustainable?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Well, we dont spend an exorbitant amount of time studying what others for our portfolio composition as we spend a lot of time trying to figure out what our portfolio should be. I think, back to the comment earlier around the decisions that were made sometime ago around duration, we are benefiting from that. And quite frankly, one of the things that was also done as we started to put some money into some floating rate, were benefiting from that. So the cash has given us a better return. Some of the floating rate stuff is helping and our duration having been short, it allows us to put money out of higher rates.
Kai Pan: Thank you. If I may have last one on capital management. If you look at year-to-date, your capital return is about less than 30% over the net income for the six months. And the question there is  number one is that, theres a potential for increase the payout? Number two is sort of like the preference between share buybacks versus special dividends?
Robert Berkley: So Ill give you my two cents and then we hand it over to my boss who also is in-charge of buybacks and dividends amongst other things. My view is that as its been suggested in the past by myself and by others that were interested in having the optimal amount of capital. At this stage between the underwriting profits, as well as the gains that are coming through in the investment portfolio, particularly out of the alternative components of the investment portfolio, we are generating more capital than we can use. Having said that, every day, we look at what we think our prospects are, what the opportunities are, and where our capital is. And we decide how much capital is available to return to shareholders and whatever we conclude at the most efficient manner. But Ill pause there and
Richard Baio: The long and short of it is, our first choice is always to use our capital to grow our business and to expand our business and find opportunities. After that, we look at the alternative uses being the buying back of securities, stock or bonds and the return we get vis--vis what we assess as the current value or just simply paying our dividends. Its a real-time decision make. And we dont have a plan, for say, that says this is what will do when. However, I would say, theres anybody who wants to sell a big block of stock, we certainly hope they call us.
Kai Pan: Thats great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani of KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Good afternoon.
Arash Soleimani: Good afternoon. Thanks. Just had a couple of quick questions. In terms of Irma loss creep, obviously thats  weve seen some headlines about that. Im just curious to what extent you think that could have any impact on subsequent reinsurance renewals from a pricing perspective?
Richard Baio: Sorry. Could you repeat, at least, the second-half, if not, the whole question again. You were little bit of a breaking up there.
Arash Soleimani: Oh, sure. I was just curious, weve seen some headlines around Irma loss creep.
Robert Berkley: Yes.
Arash Soleimani: And when you look at the June 1 renewals, its particularly surprising that, those were flat when you look at how much the losses have developed. So I was just curious
Robert Berkley: Were not a large property cat writer as an organization. So there are probably others that are more suited to comment than I. Having said that, that will keep me from commenting. I was surprised at the seven-ones, but I was even more surprised back at one-one. I thought after what you saw happen in the third quarter and what you saw happen in the fourth quarter, I didnt think it was possible that this cat reinsurance market was going to be flat sort of, I dont know, applies, if you will. And again, I dont understand that part of the market as well as some. But as Ive suggested in the past and I think others have suggested in the past, when it comes to property cat, you just have this tsunami of alternative capital that I think is keeping a lid on the marketplaces ability to turn as it has historically. I think, again, its one of the reasons why some of the lines of business that are not  that are places that alternative capital did not participate in, are showing signs that they are more poised for more of a historical turn.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And in terms of the commercial auto growth you had, how much of that was really first exposure?
Robert Berkley: I dont have those details at my fingertips. And quite frankly, generally speaking, we dont break it up by product line. But certainly, I would tell you a meaningful amount of its rate. The one low inside on the rate fund that we would share with you is, for the group overall, X comp, it was about 3% or so is my recollection. And my recollection is that comp for the quarter was off about 3 points, which incidentally was a lot better than we had expected on the comp.
Arash Soleimani: Right. Okay, thanks for that. And then just lastly.
Robert Berkley: For the auto, yes, I dont remember the number.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, thanks. And my last question was on the non-cat weather loss of the $50 million. Was that consistent with 2Q 2017?
Richard Baio: Its Rich. Its slightly higher on an earned premium basis. Its about 20 basis points, as I mentioned earlier, but its few million dollar difference.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, perfect. Thank you for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mike.
Michael Zaremski: Good afternoon. Rob, you mentioned that trying to shave a point off the primary insurance expense ratio over the next, lets call, six quarters or so. Maybe you can offer more color on the playbook there. I mean, is it business mix, or you guys are more bullish about premium growth, or so I just simply shape up a point in our models?
Robert Berkley: Well, thats up to you what you choose to do. But my view is that, I think that you are going to see our insurance business grow. I think, it will take a little time for that to come through in the earned premium. In addition to that, we are looking long and hard in the mirror for ways that we can benefit from efficiencies and how we operate without undermining our model or our philosophy. So long story short. We think that theres a growing amount of evidence that we will be able to write more and hopefully spend less.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, that helps. And related to the corporate other costs and expenses...
Robert Berkley: Yes.
Michael Zaremski: up 10%. Is that more tied to net income, which obviously has been very strong?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean, theres really a couple of big pieces there. One of them was, what I would define is, cost associated with GDPR and giving ourselves to where we need to be. A lot of that was in the quarter, which was frustrating, but reality. Theres probably a little bit more of that to spillover into the third quarter. And Im not sure it was 0.500 [ph] and whatever everyone else comes up with what thats going to be, but one one-time-ish, if you well. The other big piece and again, Rich can give you some more detail, if youd like. But I would just lay the list and sent their compensation associated with some of these meaningful gains and the higher returns that weve been able to generate for shareholders, which obviously there are some expenses associated with that as it relates to remuneration. But the  those two pieces are probably the two big buckets. Theres some other stuff in there, but theyre the two big pieces.
Michael Zaremski: Okay, that good. And one final one as a follow-up to Kais question. So far, the yield, I think was definitely higher than most people have thought, at least, assumed in their models. And my understanding from your commentary is that, it does sound like thats a kind of a good base of ACL to work off of all else equal in terms of the interest rates as we go forward?
Robert Berkley: Yes. the short answer is, yes. I mean, I think, the benefit why were getting a bit more left than some folks may have expected is, because they didnt appreciate fully our ability to shift gears. And again, that goes back to the benefit of the shorter duration. So we could shift gears quickly. And as things started to move in the direction, we expected that, that uptick is really coming through. So the 3.7 is a real number, a good number. How much better it will get, well have to see where rates go. But its certainly things are unfolding as we had hoped for and expected.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Good afternoon, everybody. I have two questions. First, with regards to the accident year loss ratio, so the non-cat weather drove about half of the year-over-year deterioration. Could you talk a little bit about what drove the other half?
Richard Baio: It had to deal with the property losses that I had alluded to earlier. We could have some player activity in the Insurance segment, that was slightly elevated relative to the prior year.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. So
Robert Berkley: But just  go ahead, Im sorry. I was just going to say property is something that were paying close attention to. I think, as you can see, what our exposure is to cat of all shapes and sizes that we tend to  tends to be pretty benign for us. We certainly are looking at our property book to make sure that we are pleased with that as we are with our approach to cat management. And as weve looked at these exposures and weve looked at these losses and peel the few layers back, by and large, were looking at the risk and we were saying if you can do it all over again, we would write the business unfortunately sometimes to all mills burned down.
Yaron Kinar: Yes, understood. And then my second question, Rob, I heard the frustration concern coming from your industry trends and the slow reaction from the industry. But I guess, the three topics that youve noted are necessarily new. And Im just curious what would get the industry to really change its behavior here? And while the changes maybe sort of come, how do you actually accelerate the growth in premiums in their environment?
Richard Baio: So I completely agree with you that there was nothing novel or new or particularly insightful with the three topics that I raised. From our perspective, unfortunately, history would suggest that not only is the industry slow to change, but they only really start to change when they feel pain. We certainly are seeing that in pricing cycles and perhaps we will see that with other types of change in behavior. Ultimately, theres probably not enough pain in some ways at this stage to change the behavior. Having said that, we are very conscious of the realities of the changing environment. We are very happy to do business in the traditional manner. At the same time, were conscious of the fact that ultimately, the customer is king and we need to be in a position to do business anywhere the customer chooses to.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thank you.
Robert Berkley: Good afternoon.
Ian Gutterman: Good afternoon, Rob. How are you?
Robert Berkley: Doing well.
Ian Gutterman: My first question, I guess, is probably for Rich. The  that new accounting on the unrealized equity, I know, we dont like it, thats okay. I was more curious why it was negative this quarter, look like about $15 million negative. I would have thought HQY looked to have a great quarter. So I thought I would have been a positive was there some asset class, not asset class, but sector you were overweight that did poorly or something with one security, I was just kind of curious?
Richard Baio: I think, this is one of our frustrations quite honestly as well. The accounting does really muddy the waters here quite a bit.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Richard Baio: So what effectively wound up happening you might recall when companies adopted this at the beginning of this year is that, they have to re-class their unrealized gains and losses that they had at the  effectively at the year-end of 2017 from AOCI, a component to stockholders equity into retained earnings.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Richard Baio: And so to the extent you sell any of those securities in the 2018 year, because that is already reflected in retained earnings. You cant duplicate that recognition of income. And so as a result of that, we sold to your point a fair amount of shares in health equity in the second quarter. And as a result of that, we cant reflect those realized gains a second time. So thats why that $54 million
Ian Gutterman: Got it.
Richard Baio: that youre referencing is the negative number, because thats been reflected in retained earnings already. The second piece is  and there are two moving parts to it, because the $54 million is a net number in terms of the movement in the unrealized gain. And that would be any movements that have been transpired in the second quarter relative to what you had in the first quarter. So we had a movement in an existing equity security that we still own as of the end of second quarter. Youll see that effect also embedded in that $54 million number.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I was thinking it was on the latter that, that makes perfect sense. Thats helpful
Robert Berkley: No, it doesnt make perfect sense, its only irrelevant and misleads an investor.
Ian Gutterman: I shouldnt say though, I shouldnt say, the rule make sense. I was saying, Richs explanation made sense.
Robert Berkley: Fine.
Ian Gutterman: So, Rob, if can go back to the social inflation question. I guess, from a couple of angles. One is, I agree, youre 100% with everything you said. And some other companies are talking somewhat similarly yet whats interesting is, were not seeing people saying, I cant grow GL anymore, because Im worried about the litigation of IMR. Im not going to grow D&O, or Im raising my picks. What I mean, it feel like theres a Lake Wobegon thing if everyone thinking its a problem for the industry and not for them.
Robert Berkley: Yes, so were all [Multiple Speakers]
Ian Gutterman: Right, right.
Robert Berkley: But I think, this is not a unique or new type of situation for the insurance industry, right? I mean, were famous for always having to learn things the hard way. And we spent much of our lives looking in the wind shear rather the rearview mirrors as opposed to out the windshield. We come up with pricing based on historical data as opposed to, yes, taking the historical data and then find what we see coming our way. So. I think, that its really hard for people seemingly to extrapolate from historical data and apply what they know today. Weve certainly are doing that I can tell you in our organization that we think the combination of the three points of rate that weve talked about X comp, along with how we are pivoting the portfolio from a selection attachment point in terms and conditions perspective is going to bode well for us. Honestly, if all were doing is sitting there and trying to get another couple of points or rate, I dont think that would be enough. I think, again, its those other levers that you need to use. And I think its one of the benefits of our structure that were able to see the marketplace at a much more granular level, which allows us to Bob, and weve  I think a little more effectively. So ultimately, the pain  the early pain turns into chatter and eventually the chatter converts into action. And when you look at our organization, I think, one of the things that weve done reasonably well over time whether it be on the underwriting side or the investment side is, we are looking out the front windshield. We are extrapolating what is that mean we need to do today and we are not willing to trade off tomorrow just to fluff up today.
Ian Gutterman: Understood. Can I ask when you see moving attachments, does that mean moving higher?
Robert Berkley: Often times, yes. So ultimately
Ian Gutterman: Thats just big enough
Robert Berkley: So depending on the tower and where you attach or what the coverages maybe. So again, I think the one of the challenges for folks, particularly when theyre operating from a bit of a distance is, they just do the simple math, because thats all they have to work with. They say, okay, I think the last pick is this. I think trend is that and youre getting this much rate and that gives you my answer. The problem is there are other very leverage variables that can be introduced with what Im referring to.
Ian Gutterman: No, I agree with that. I agree, but I guess what I was thinking about is, if we are worried about frequency of severity, doesnt moving up mean you just get less premium for a loss thats now more likely to reach you than maybe say, if youre going to get the loss and we want a similar premium
Robert Berkley: No, I think that
Ian Gutterman: Forward and going up high?
Robert Berkley: Well, I guess, that thats making the assumption that you go all the way up in the tower.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Robert Berkley: So what were suggesting is that often times when youre in an excess layer you have a certain expectation as to what the loss activity is going to be. And ultimately, to the extent that you see maybe the average claim, if you will, moving up in size maybe you want to move up in the tower.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And anything on the
Robert Berkley: Its kind of like the whole terms and conditions discussion as well that
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Robert Berkley: its how you build the box.
Ian Gutterman: As you said the last one that point is, are you buying more reinsurance to bring essentially net retentions down or net limit per insured or things like that?
Robert Berkley: Look, we are a growth line underwriter as an organization and were mindful of our relationships with our reinsurers. Undoubtedly, we have a certain appetite for volatility amongst other things. And as a result of that and again in a very transparent way, we pay a premium to our reinsurers to help us manage to our risk appetite. But we are not an organization that is looking to arbitrage people who are supposed to be our partners.
Ian Gutterman: Understood. Understood, it make sense. Thank you for all the help.
Robert Berkley: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Good afternoon, Brian.
Brian Meredith: Hey, how are you doing? Quickly just the healthcare professional liability book that you guys have, what are you seeing with loss trend there? Ive heard that theres an adverse trend happening in that business?
Robert Berkley: Honestly, Brian, generally speaking, we just avoid getting into that level of granularity. Weve got 54 different businesses and trying to get in some minutiae [ph]. But I would tell you just in general when we talk about professional liability as a space and areas that look hot to us, healthcare would certainly be included in that and Hospital professional liability would certainly be on the list.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. And then last question here, Rob, could you give us an update on Berkley One and kind of how thats rolling out and what are you seeing in that market? Is it been challenging to get in there, is there good opportunities?
Robert Berkley: Look, we  its been very well received in the states that theyre in so far. As I commented in the past, the roll out process, both from a regulatory perspective, as well as an IT perspective, certainly doesnt come easy. I think, some people have tried to jump in and they plan the non-admitted route. And thats just not the approach that were taking. We are building this thing with a long-term perspective. Were building it, as they say, to last. Were building it in the right way. And to want to make sure that we have an offering that in spite of the fact that the business in some  is somewhat in its infancy, it has a platform and a service offering that can compete with anyone of any scale. And I think we have achieved that, which is why I believe its being well received by distribution and customers really to the point that the people running that business are going to have to at some point decide how long theyre going to let the queue be people who want to do business with them or when they say, we can only have so many partners. I think theyre already selected to begin with. But theres a lot of demand, if you will, for for the appointment.
Brian Meredith: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up from Amit Kumar of Buckingham Research. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks. Two quick follow-ups, Ill make this quick. Number one, you have a decent size commercial auto book. Recently, there has been renewed press discussion and, in fact, hedge funds have gotten into a litigation financing and theyre targeting commercial auto and personal out of to some extent. Is that something, which is sort of discernable in the numbers, or is that more noise than anything else?
Robert Berkley: Look, I think, litigation funding is, and I think we may have talked about this a little bit last quarter is certainly somewhat of a concern, I think, to the industry. They are sophisticated and they have a lot of money. And thats again, a reality that when people think about loss cost going forward, probably needs to get factored into. As it relates to the auto space, my thought that I would share with you is, I think, you are likely to see us write. Over the next several quarters, we are going to be writing more of that, not less of that. As the rates continue to move up and once we feel as though its in the green zone, youll see us open up this bit  quite a bit and seems to be moving in that direction. So the loss costs are falling into place, I think, the industry got caught flatfooted for a while, but the industry is catching up.
Amit Kumar: A fair point. And final question from my side is a broader question. The question is on, I guess, a new topic of tariffs and how will that impact the economic growth? And any change in buyer behavior? Obviously, everyone has benefited from the economic recovery seen in the past few years. Are you sort of thinking differently in terms of how tariffs will sort of play into top line and bottom line, or we still have, or you have a time to think about it?
Robert Berkley: Its clearly something that we think about both on the underwriting side and even more so on the investment portfolio side. But I probably heard my voice more than enough now. Ill pause there and hand it over to our Chief Economist.
William Berkley: So I think that the long and the short of it is, I think, theres lots going on with these cats that are going to impact consumer pricing, thats going to impact manufacturing. Theres lots of stuff thats going to happen. But I think its premature at this moment to conclude whats going to happen. I think the whole issue of the global economy is one that you have to worry about. Interest rates, slowing down of the economy, but I think you just have to be cautious before you jump. For the moment, I think, America is relatively better off. But you can be sure that consumers will not be happy if all those Chinese goods start to cost more. Theres a lot more to the whole process going on, lots of negotiation. Were not jumping to any conclusions. I think, in a natural sense, this may well slow the economy down a bit more, but its not going to have a particularly adverse impact on the insurance business.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thanks so much for the additional time. I have two as well. Number one is that, Rob, you mentioned property pricing part is most challenging. And yet if you look at the premium growth and the short-term lines actually grow in the past than now you realize. Could you clarify that?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think a lot of the growth that youre seeing in the premium under the short-term lines is actually A&H.
Kai Pan: Okay, thats perfect. And then last one, you mentioned the inefficiency in the system. I just wonder could you give us an example that either the industry or you can do to improve that?
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that some of it is going to come out with  come about as a result of technology. I think that when you look at the inefficiencies that exist between the consumer and actually a policy getting issued, when you look at the inefficiencies between a claim occurring and its actually the first in receiving their funds, theyre entitled to the number of hands, the multiple entry of information just the tax and the payments go through, its just terribly inefficient. And if you look at other parts of financial services or if you look at other industries in general, youre going to be hard pressed to find the level of operation, which inefficiency that exists both within carriers, as well as distribution. And quite frankly, while its a little bit of a third rail, youre going to be a hard pressed to find the part of financial services, where the customers paying this number of pennies on the dollar for access to the product. So I think there are a lot of examples where its not just access thats being provided. There is true value and service and expertise, but there are a lot of situations where it is just excess. And thats not just a distribution issue, thats a carrier issue, where we need to find ways to work together to be able to do all these things more efficiently.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for all the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, Id like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley for any closing remarks. Sir?
Robert Berkley: Okay. Latif, thank you very much for your assistance. And certainly, thank you to all who called in and for the questions as well. From our perspective, it was very much a strong quarter. The underwriting was what we would have expected, perhaps a little bit better. I think it demonstrates how our ability to pivot the portfolio regardless of the market is sound and its a real asset, which again we believe in part we benefit from our structure, which allows us to do that more effectively. In addition to that, clearly as people saw the action that we took on the investment portfolio and what the return was on the core portfolio picking up, those actions that were taken earlier on, those are paying dividends as well. When we look forward to the balance of the year, we see a lot of opportunity, certainly is our hope and expectation that our insurance business will continue to grow to what extent were able to accelerate from here. Well have to see. Were increasingly bullish about the reinsurance business outside of the United States. And we are cautiously optimistic about where the reinsurance market domestically will be going. So all things being equal, again, we think its a good quarter and we are very much looking forward to the balance of the year and on to 2019. Thank you, again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Berkley  CEO Rich Baio  Chief Financial Officer Bill Berkley  Executive Chairman
Analysts: Amit Kumar  Buckingham Research Arash Soleimani  KBW Kai Pan  Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman  Balyasny
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be, in fact, achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the businesses environment in which we operate and by the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Brian, thank you very much and good afternoon all and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me on this end of the phone as in the past is our Executive Chairman, Bill Berkley; and Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. And the agenda for today again the following suite is Im going to kick it off with a few general comments about the industry, give you a few high level observations about our quarter and then pass it over to Rich, who will be getting into the details of the quarter and then following his comments we will be opening it up for questions for as long as you like within reason. So, inflation from our perspective clearly the topic of the day, I think it is the topic of the day across many industries and the insurance industry is certainly included in that. I think for some it is a moment that people have been speculating or waiting for some extended period of time and it is upon us. Some of the obvious questions are how much, how quickly is it going to get here and how long will it stay. Obviously from our perspective there is  the impact that will come along is with a rising interest rate environment. Other questions for the industry, what is the impact on loss cost is going to be and ultimately reserves and of course as well what is the impact going to be on investment portfolio and investment income. Having said this, we think there are a couple of other questions that one needs to be grappling with when they think about inflation in a higher interest rate environment. One of them clearly is will targeted returns be moving up with a higher benchmark, will people be looking to think about the risk free rate and as a result of that the hurdle or the delta above the risk free rate that they should be achieving in this industry is that moving  going to be moving up as well. And then finally, there is a question around alternative capital, which also has been discussed and considered and speculated about for an extended period of time. Is alternative capital a permanent part of this industry or is it something that is here during a low interest rate environment and when you see interest rates return to a more historic level will alternative capital withdraws as they are more easily able to achieve their targeted returns. All important questions from our part and ultimately we will not have the answers other than through the passage of time, but we think theyre important because the answers are exceptionally leveraged for this industry in particular. Second thought or observation is cycle and at the risk of stating the obvious it is clear from our perspective that there no longer is one cycle. And on one hand, I think that this is widely understood at the same time it seems as though many people both in and outside of the industry speak of the cycle as if it is one across all industries product lines. From our perspective, probably a couple of decades ago, different product lines within the marketplace started to march to the beat more and more of their own drum. You can see that in the difference and whats going on in the insurance industry and the reinsurance industry and you certainly can see that even within the insurance or reinsurance marketplace the differences between various lines of business. For example, the challenges of property while on the other hand workers compensation for the past few years have been very attractive. So you might ask why do we focus on this, why do we think this is relevant? And the answer is we think it is relevant because it brings one to the idea of specialization. It is our view the reason why youre seeing product lines marching less and less and lock step is because there is greater specialization among skill sets and how capital is deployed. I think this is relevant. I think it is important to bring it to peoples attention because more and more people view the insurance industry as a commodity industry. And without a doubt there are parts of the industry that it certainly lends itself to that type of observation or statement. Having said that from our perspective, there are aspects of this industry where specialization is very much alive and well and quite frankly specialization is the opportunity for an organization such as ours to truly differentiate itself and ultimately bring value to customers and bring value to our owners by generating excellent returns as a result of our skill set. Let me turn to some things that are perhaps a little bit more directly related to the day to day the industry. Reinsurance marketplace, it hasnt gotten any less painful to talk about or to operate in over the past ninety days. Quite frankly for the life of me after what happened in the third and a bit in the fourth quarter of 2017, I cant figure out why the property market has  property reinsurance market hasnt responded more. Some would say I might be one of those people that a lot of it does have to do with alternative capital that is willing to accept a lower return that gets somewhat trapped in the marketplace through the managers that manage that capital in the marketplace and it is just looking to be deployed and again Im not sure if it has the same focus around risk adjusted return that some of the traditional players have. As far as the casualty market much to my surprise as I think I mentioned in the fourth quarter call it seems to have incrementally more legs than the property market. What that really means is for accounts that have had lousy experience. The reinsurers are assuming to get enough leverage that they can push rates up. Im hoping that this is the beginning of a gradual building of a groundswell if you like again we will see with time. Switching over to the insurance market, clearly a brighter situation from our perspective, casualty overall still remains quite attractive. Workers comp, which as weve discussed in the past, has peaked, but there is still plenty of margin in certainly many territories within that marketplace. Having said that there are parts of the comp market that I think also as weve commented in the past that scare the daylights out of me. Florida would be an excellent example of that. Property on the primary or insurance front also a mixed bag or in my notes here I wrote down the word bizarre. I do think its absolutely bizarre. For account that were impacted by storms in the third quarter and there were losses, they certainly are seeing rate increases for accounts that were not impacted in the third quarter, but our cat-exposed the rate increase that theyre getting is surprisingly modest if even that much. And ironically sometimes non-cat exposed property is getting more of a rate increase than cat-exposed property that wasnt impacted in the third quarter, so thats why I guess I wrote my note bizarre. Professional stuff from our perspective right for a change and were pleased to see in the quarter there were some early signs that there are pieces of the professional market that are getting some traction. And again quick comments about auto, we are pleased to see that the momentum continues to build there. Pivoting over to our quarter from my perspective, I think from our perspective, I would be defined or is viewed as a solid quarter. I think the fact is that there was a bit of cat activity and the funny thing about cat is everyone defines cat in their own way. If you look at the property losses that we had in the aggregate stemming from what I would define as weather related, it was not insignificant yet in spite of that we still were able to achieve what I would define as a good result to say the least. In addition to that that as far as the top line goes, you saw the 1% growth which was an improvement from what weve seen over the past couple of quarters, but I think you need to peel a couple of layers back. And it really goes back to this idea that we grow where the margin is and we shrink where it isnt unfortunately for my comments earlier reinsurance still remains exceptionally competitive and as a result of that you can see that were off considerably. On the other hand, the insurance market, we still find opportunity there. And its meaningful and as a result of that the insurance business grew more than 3%. Another quick comment just on the top-line overall, we did achieve a rate increase, but were particularly pleased with which is in the neighborhood of 3.5%. This was more of a step than I havent anticipated. I was expecting it was going to be between 2% and 3%, but we are  I think this is just evidence that we are pushing for rate and we are finding opportunities to achieve that rate. Again as far as the result go combined ratio, 94.6%, the loss ratio of 61.4%. My boss commented to me I guess he took a note that it was the same in the fourth quarter and asked if we for some reason like that number 61.4%, but Rich assured me that we got there a different way this time than last time and the expense ratio the 33.2% was I thought a good improvement from where we have been and thats in spite of the fact that we have moved through startups over from holding company expense or impairment expense over into the expense ratio. Balance sheet starting with reserves and again Rich is going to get into the details, but $12 million of positive development, which again I think is an indicator that we continue to take what we would view as a very prudent approach to how we make our initial picks, and over time we tighten them up and we like to air a little bit on the side of caution early on and as things come more into focus were willing to tighten that. At this stage, I would like to begin  Rich keep to track of the number of quarters, I dont know how many quarters, but its a lot of quarters of positive development in a row. A couple of other things, the investment portfolio, and again Rich will give you the details on this, but I did want to just fit my hat to our colleagues at Berkley Dean that manage the portfolio. They in spite of the challenges have managed to keep the duration short at three years. Theyve maintained the quality and theyve maintained the yield. Im not sure of how they done it, but theyve done it very well. And as a result of their skill and the skill of some others as well, weve benefited by positioning the business. So not only in the quarter was book value up, but we think that were very well positioned as we see interest rates continue to move up to optimize. So I will come back here once Rich has done with his comments. Let me hand it over to him and he will take you through the numbers. Thank you.
Rich Baio: Great, thanks, Rob. We reported net income of $166 million for the first quarter of 2018 or $1.30 per share, which is approximately $43 million higher than the prior year, represents an increase of 35%. The improvement over the year ago quarter is primarily attributable to higher underwriting profit and net investment income. In addition, our overall income tax expense decreased significantly due to the reduced U.S. tax rate of 21% versus 35% in the prior year. As you saw from the earnings release, it is more challenging to compare our current results with prior period. This challenge results from tax reform past in December 2017 and accounting rules adopted in 2018 relating to equity securities. If we have followed the accounting rules for equity securities before this change, our pre-tax gains would have been higher by $94 million, which would have resulted in a seven point increase in our annualized pre-tax return on equity. I will explain further some of the details in just a few minutes. Pre-tax underwriting income increased $17 million to $84 million this quarter. Net premiums written increased as Rob mentioned 1.1% to approximately $1.67 billion. The growth was led by the insurance segment, which increased 3.3% to $1.54 billion. We continue to see a competitive market in many areas where our reinsurance segment putting pressure on the rate environment. In particular, the North American assumed property and casualty business continues to shrink. This decision was driven by a marketplace that did not allow for us to achieve our risk adjusted return. Accordingly, overall, the reinsurance premium declined 20% to approximately $122 million. The accident year loss ratio before cat was 61.7% was largely unchanged from the year ago quarter. Cat losses declined from $14 million or 0.9 loss ratio points for the prior year to $7 million this quarter or 0.5 loss ratio points. As many companies have defined cat losses differently I thought itd be wise to remind you how we define cat losses. We follow PCS identified cat losses which are based on events that cause $25 million or more in direct insured losses to property and affect a significant number of policyholders and insurers. Accordingly we did experience similar to others an increase in non-cat weather related property losses largely attributable to winter freeze, which did not meet the PCS definition as a catastrophe event. We also experienced several large fire losses during the quarter, although do not see this claims activity as a trend. Loss reserves developed favorably by $12 million or 0.8 loss points, compared to the $2 million or 0.2 loss point for the same period last year. You may recall that first quarter 2017 was adversely affected by the change in the Ogden discount rate in the UK for lump-sum bodily injury claims. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio declined one loss ratio point to 61.4 quarter-over-quarter. Expense ratio was relatively flat from the year ago quarter and lower by 0.3% from the consecutive quarter. The current quarters expense ratio was favorably impacted by the reduction in commission expense relative to the change in net premiums earned. This reduction was partially offset, as Robert mentioned, by increased compensation expense in the full quarter of expenses for Berkeley One, which was new to add of corporate expenses in fourth quarter 2017. This brings our combined ratio for the first quarter 2018 to 94.6%, compared with 95.7% in the prior year. Investment income increased 17% or $26 million to $175 million. The investment income of the core portfolio increased approximately $13 million led by fixed income and real estate income. Investment funds increased $14 million due to mark-to-market adjustments in real estate funds and new investments that we did not hold in the first quarter of 2017. As anticipated energy fund performance was in line with the prior quarter. We have maintained an average rating of AA- and as Rob alluded to an average duration of three years for fixed maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents. We reported pretax net realized gains and pretax net un-realized gains on equity securities of $48 million. This amount reflects a change in the treatment of fair value movements on equity securities. In prior periods these fair value changes for equity securities were reported in AOCI component of stockholders equity. Commencing with the first quarter of 2018 the fair value changes were reflected in the income statement. Accordingly there were two components in the first quarter 2018 pretax gain amount. The first is pretax realized gains from the sale of investment and secondly the change in unrealized gains on equity securities resulting from the adoption of this new accounting pronouncement. The change to unrealized gains on equity securities is not reflected in any prior quarterly results and therefore creates an inconsistency to comparable periods in our income statement. To put some numbers behind the quarterly comparison we realize pretax gains on the sale of investments of $142 million in the first quarter of 2018 and $52 million in the year ago quarter. However, due to the new rules we reflected a reduction in the current quarters pretax gain of $94 million for changes in unrealized gains on equity securities. Our after tax unrealized gains reported in stockholders equity declined from $375 million to $35 million. The decline resulted primarily from the addition of the new accounting rules on equity securities which required the transfer of after tax unrealized gains from AOCI to retained earnings. The effective tax rate was 20.6% for the quarter. The total income tax expense reflects the reduction in U.S. statutory tax rate from 35% to 21%. The effective tax rate differs from the U.S. federal income tax rate of 21% primarily because of tax exempt investment income offset by foreign operations of the higher tax. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis was 12.3% on net income. Book value per share increased $0.32 to $44.85, representing an increase of just under 1%. Due to the short duration of our investment portfolio weve not been as affected by the rise in interest rate as perhaps others and continue to see growth in book value per share. We repurchased 101,000 shares in the quarter at an average price per share of $67.31. Thank you, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. And obviously in addition to your usual comments little bit of complexity brought to us complements the FASB in the quarter. So Brian at this time if we could please is open it up for questions.
Operator: My pleasure sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research. Your line is now open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good evening.
Rob Berkley: Hello Amit. Thanks for calling in.
Amit Kumar: Yes two questions. The first question is for you Rob, you broadly covered the trends in the marketplace. I think what would be helpful is it would be possible to maybe just go a bit deeper into some of the pricing trends you might have seen in the insurance sub segments.
Rob Berkley: Yes honestly I think we try and steer clear of getting into granular detail as to where we see rates going up. I try to give you a broad sense so for example, workers compensation, I think, is generally speaking widely understood that state rating bureaus and the NCCI are moving rates down. And thats impacting the product line pretty much across the Board. On the other, I think, commercial auto would be an example of where rates are going up in general. I dont think it makes a lot of sense to start trying to get into the weighs much beyond that, but
Amit Kumar: I guess what I was trying to understand was obviously theres a lot of debate on the trajectory of rates and I guess the slope of the rate change. And thats what I was trying to understand if you look at the trajectory in Q1 versus Q4. If I was to take the trajectory and overlay that with the comment you guys made in the letter to shareholders. Is there a greater urgency based on the change in the tenure, or is this a much longer term process? I guess thats what trying to  always trying to better ascertain.
Rob Berkley: I think the answer is that we are comfortable with our loss picks. And we are looking to make sure that we achieve the required rate to support those loss picks. And to the extent there are certain parts of the book that will bear additional rates and we will be pursuing that. So there is not a policy that we will write a treaty that we write where we think it is not going to achieve our loss picks, but to the extent that there are parts of the market that will bear more were going to try and take advantage of that. I think that all of a sudden the tenure pops up and is floating with 3% and all of a sudden we go down to the boiler room and try and crank up the rates. Now it doesnt work like that, at least it doesnt work like that here. Do I and more importantly my colleagues have a view as to where inflation is growing, where loss cost is going and what our experience has been? And when we put that all into the sausage maker, what kind of rate do we need? Yes we have a view on that. In addition to that to the extent that the market will bear more than what even we think we technically need or our technical rate, then we will be looking to take advantage of that.
Amit Kumar: Got it. Thats helpful. The only other question I have is you referenced NCCI.
Rob Berkley: Yes.
Amit Kumar: NCCI is now recommending pricing decreases coupled with the tax reform. In fact theyre making  they are recommending different rate filings in different states which factors in the benefits on the tax rates. I was trying to better understand you have a combination of NCCI pushing for rate decreases coupled with an industry already probably under competitive and pricing pressure versus the past. I mean how should we think this thing will play out for the industry over the next few quarters?
Rob Berkley: So my answer Amit to that question would be it is still a cyclical industry. And from our perspective the pendulum tends to swing back and forth in workers compensation as much as any part of this marketplace. There are many parts of the comp market where we think that there is healthy margins. We think we understand the margins that are available and depending on where the market is we will be opening the spigot or closing the spigot. So NCCI, they have a job to do their charge with making rates for several of the states and we understand that and we respect that. And we take the data that they provide the industry and other data that we have access to as well as our own and then we make judgments. So as I try to touch it I wasnt clear. Clearly comp rates have peaked, but there are many markets within the broader comp market that we believe still offer attractive opportunities. How long those will last, its hard to say.
Amit Kumar: Clear.
Rob Berkley: But we do not see its falling off a cliff. I think that you will  there is an opportunity that will certainly be measured in quarters.
Amit Kumar: Yes, okay. Thats actually a good point. I will stop here. Thanks for the answers and good luck in the future.
Rob Berkley: Thank you for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from a line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is now open.
Arash Soleimani: Hello good afternoon.
Bill Berkley: Good afternoon.
Arash Soleimani: Sorry about that.
Bill Berkley: No problem.
Arash Soleimani: So just first question is $25 million a quarter still the right run rate for 2018 on the real life gains?
Rob Berkley: I think that thats a reasonable way to think about it.
Arash Soleimani: Okay.
Rob Berkley: Obviously weve discussed in the past it can be lumpy. And we have lots of things in the hopper or the pipeline, but from our perspective we think that that is still a reasonable size holder.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And then maybe just follow-up on that for the Rich, the performance fees associated with the games which line items do those show up in and do they impact the segments or just corporate?
Rich Baio: It just impacts cooperate. So when we were at one point reporting operating earnings you may recall that we had adjusted for those net performance compensation related item and now that we dont support operating earnings because were managing on a total return basis. We wanted to make certain that the Street was still calculating things factoring that in. So youll see theres $4 million associated with that.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. So just corporate there, no segment, okay. And the other question I had, so if you  I mean if you factor in the 70 basis points of non-cat weather  I guess to starting there, what was non-cat weather last year was 70 basis point consisting year-over-year. Was it higher this quarter than it was more than 70?
Rob Berkley: Its about the same.
Arash Soleimani: Its about the same, okay. And the 3.5% rate increase, you mentioned where was not in the book?
Rich Baio: It was in different pockets of the book. And again we dont generally get into the details of where were getting rate by product line or by operating units. But I would tell you that, if you think back to some of the comments I made about where there are opportunities in the marketplace. Thats a pretty good indicator as to where were seeing rate.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Well, I guess that was asking about 3.5% on average across a certain
Rob Berkley: That was for the group overall.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Across both segments consolidated youre saying 3.5%.
Rob Berkley: Correct.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, okay. And maybe this is a follow-up to Amits question of it. But on the rate increases, I mean did you view those as sustainable? Do you think theyll lose some steam throughout the year?
Rob Berkley: I think that sometimes people get a little bit hung up on a 90-day period, just because they have a calendar call. I think at this stage, were looking for rate in many process of the business. And our expectation is that its going to sort of flow between 2% and 4% if I were to speculate.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, perfect. Thanks very much for the answers.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good afternoon.
Rob Berkley: Hi, Kai Pan.
Kai Pan: My first question is on the core margin, underlying margin, if you would take out the cash thats what reserve releases, looks like is a flattish year-over-year in term underlying core combined ratio. Given the pricing environment do you think it get enough pricing to offset the loss cost rent that will be able to maintain or improve the margin going forward?
Rob Berkley: The answer is we expect that the margin should improve a bit from here. I know that its easier to calculate when you start trying to use rate increases, but I would tell you that the bigger opportunity for us is some of the adjustments that were actually making to the portfolio, overall certain classes of business that we are deemphasizing other parts of the business that we are expanding. And that on its own I think will have a meaningful impact on the financial results. And what were able to do on rate, I think will be helpful but that is secondary to the pivoting of the portfolio. And one of the plus is of our organization and youve heard us talked about it in the past probably forever my father is certainly talked about in the past as well. And that is because of our decentralized structure were able to be particularly nimble and take advantage of opportunities and actually get visibility into business at a very granular level and thats helpful on those levels.
Kai Pan: Thats great. I think you mentioned, but sort of one of competitive advantage, W. R. Berkley has been the decentralized structure. Im wondering like because when the company as a sort of like many years ago when you have a several start of companies and now you have more than 50. I just wondered, are you coming to the point you have to centralize somehow like in terms of infrastructure or like or it becoming unmanageable.
Rob Berkley: Well. I think we  certainly our view that its not unmanageable, hopefully its your view as well. And as far as opportunity for efficiencies that that is something that we as an organization, pay close attention to. Were very sensitive to on one hand ensuring that what looks good on a whiteboard and the opportunity to combine or centralize like other carriers do that may have value. At the same time, we do not want that to overshadow quite frankly our ability to be local and to be responsive to the marketplace and for the people that are close to the distribution and the customer to have authority. So it is certainly something that we have been looking at we continue to actively look at. But I dont think that youre going to see us overnight, turn into a model that you may see a typical national carrier, operate with. At the same time we are conscious of the costs and we are willing to consider opportunities for efficiency.
Kai Pan: Thats great. My last question on the investment side and looks like youve been guiding $100 million each year realized gains, but you did more than not in a quarter as well as for the last couple of years as well. Maybe question for Bill, you said market condition like you guys feel like more opportunity to harvest the gains and you said so that we would assume more to come.
Bill Berkley: I think that we told people $25 million a quarter, because they wanted a number to put in their model. And we felt comfortable giving that number out with a fairly high degree of conviction. And yes, youre correct. This is an opportunity for us to harvest some gains include environment and we would expect that will continue for a while. $25 million was a placeholder to let people use models to forecast our results. Yes, we had more than that in the first quarter and I would expect that while we might have more or less in the second quarter or the third quarter. Well have more than $100 million by a significant amount. We would expect by the end of the year. But again its meant as a placeholder, so people can come up with the forecast, but it would be disappointing if this year we do substantially more.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much and Ill requeue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of [indiscernible] with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon, gentlemen.
Rob Berkley: Good afternoon.
Unidentified Analyst: You mentioned or you started out your remarks saying an inflation thats here. Maybe you can talk about trends or anything youre seeing in the corporate liability arena. Im a novice, but theres been a securities litigation decision by the U.S. Supreme Court to keeps flashing across my screen is just one example.
Rob Berkley: Lets hear from our perspective when we  some, I dont know it was a year ago, 18 months ago or nine months ago. But we for some period of time have been beating the drum that we are seeing early evidence that there is inflation coming out of the legal system in the rulings or the awards. And we are just seeing inflation quite frankly and traffic  a little bit of a spike of severity and maybe a frequency if you will severity as well. So we are paying close attention to that. And obviously on the other front, we all understand whats going on with just general economic inflation and there is an impact on the industry and the cost of selling claims in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thats helpful. And next as a follow-up to the earlier question about the NCCI prescribing rates and I think theres other states where there are so. Maybe some to NCCI, but there is still kind of something else thats not free market based. Are you able to approximate what percentage of your book is I guess free market based competition versus these prescribing authorities? And I guess also which  what do you prefer?
Rob Berkley: Well. Basically every state has a rating barrel. So as far as writing primary comp if you will, there is if you will a framework that is prescribe by a rating barrel that works in collaboration if you like will be insurance department and other stakeholders.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So there is
Rob Berkley: I dont know if youre referring to occupational accident or something
Unidentified Analyst: No. You see lot of headlines come out all the time. And some of them talk about they are not being inflation in that line. Thats why theyre even lowering the rates have always been a little confused. I think other people
Rob Berkley: Yes. I think its pretty widely understood that medical inflation has been here and really for an extended period of time. I think as far as comp goes really since the financial crisis, people have been particularly surprised with the trend around frequency. And that is persisted or continued until recently whether it continues going forward. I think there are a lot of questions around that particularly in a tight labor market, when you get people working overtime to get people taking jobs that theyre not as well trained for, oftentimes thats when people get injured on the job. So well have to see that frequency trends continued.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And if I could sneak one last one in on the duration of the investment portfolio on the fixed income side. I look back a number of years and it doesnt seem like its ever been much over that in the threes. I guess what would get you to increase duration, it would just be simply spreads coming out a lot or any changes in place.
Rob Berkley: I think ultimately if you see the 10-year as the benchmark moving up to 4% plus, youre probably going to see our colleagues actively thinking about it. This is the moment to start looking a little bit longer-term. But the duration of our liabilities is roughly four years. Theyve created a collar for  weve created a collar for ourselves that were generally speaking. While there is an occasional exception, not going to be more than a year less than that or a year longer than that. But the interest rates have been pretty low for a long time as you seeing rough, as we expect theyre going to move up. Youre going to see of take the position that were willing to extend duration.
Unidentified Analyst: Appreciate the insights.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Jay Cohen: Thanks, Mike actually asked my question. So thank you.
Rob Berkley: Thanks, Jay. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thank you. I just had a few things to clarify I guess. Rob first when you talk about rates at 3% plus. Is that including exposure? Is there exposure growth on top of that?
Rob Berkley: Thats rate, rate, rate. Thats not price. Thats rate.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Rob Berkley: So that is dollar collective for unit of exposure if you like.
Ian Gutterman: Thats right, guys. I just want to make sure. So with exposure which I assume is growing. Youre kind of getting apples to apples call at mid-single digits gross and yet the net premium growth all in is 1%. So are you is retention coming down? Is new business coming down? Im just sort of wondering what the offset is.
Rob Berkley: It really depends on the part of the business both Rich and I commented on the challenges in the reinsurance segment for example.
Ian Gutterman: Right.
Rob Berkley: I think the overall segment was down 22  220%. I think the domestic 3D reinsurance operation is down more than 40% in the quarter. So we have 53 operating units, some are growing, some are shrinking at any moment in time. Some are gaining rate, some are quite frankly willing to give up rate. So there are a lot of moving pieces. Overall I would tell you that between what were doing with the portfolio for as repositioning it shedding some business building at other areas and achieving overall rates. From our perspective, our math both at a micro level as well as a macro level we  our margin is improving.
Ian Gutterman: For sure, for sure, okay. So moving on just to get back to reinsurance just I mean I understand the challenges there and shrinking makes a lot of sense. Im just wondering as far as the numbers in the quarter you triple 107 combined with a very minimal amount of cats. I know you dont like to talk about reserve development by segment until the queue, but if that can answer this way. Is it reasonable to think there is maybe five or ten points of adverse development or something maybe a little bit of a larger than normal and thats why were seeing that combined ratio there.
Bill Berkley: I think by the best thing to do is of course we just dont really talk about reserve development by the segment. And if you want to give Karen a call off line and she can try and give you a little bit more color, but for the most part, we try not to sort of getting to that level of weeds or detail on the call.
Ian Gutterman: I understood, okay. Fair enough, I thought Id try. The expense ratio, so I just want to make I  as you said I expected the Berkeley One expenses to move into the insurance line this quarter. I guess what threw me and maybe my math is wrong, because I was doing a quickly. But it seem like you are an allocated expenses actually went up about $10 million. I guess I thought they would have been flat to down with the Berkeley One coming out. Is there something else in there this quarter?
Bill Berkley: The un allocated expenses or do you mean the corporate expenses?
Rich Baio: The corporate expenses?
Ian Gutterman: Yes, the corporate expense not in combined ratio.
Bill Berkley: It was down compared to the fourth quarter by about $4 million.
Rich Baio: Yes, $4.5 million, it was down from the fourth quarter.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
Rich Baio: I think one of the trickiest things with some of these numbers is the way we presented in the release. Were showing first quarter versus first quarter, which  its is not  thats not relevant, it is relevant, but some of the things we probably should give you a reminder is with the fourth quarter look like as well.
Ian Gutterman: Fair enough, fair enough. And then I think just last summer numbers do you have the pay 10-D?
Rich Baio: Pay loss ratio.
Ian Gutterman: Yes, the pay loss ratio, yes.
Rich Baio: Its 58.8%.
Rob Berkley: And thats up a little bit, but 3 points or so and a lot of that quite frankly had to do with claims stemming from the third quarter in particular, as well as other property claims. For us just to  since you gave me the wind Im going to take it. For us, the claims are  nobody likes claims at the same time from our perspective, it creates a great opportunity and we go out of our way, our colleagues in the famous areas or departments go out of their way to try and get people their money in a timely way. So were really pushed that up, certainly some claims from the third quarter, but also some of the claims that occurred during the first quarter associated with some of the cats and some of the what I  as Rich defined the non-cat weather related property losses.
Ian Gutterman: ` Got it. And then if I can ask just one broader question that I dont think came up yet, it was since the last call, weve seen sort of another wave of M&A in the sector. I was just wondering if you had maybe thoughts youd like to share or just observations about, what it means and are we in for another wave and how does that affect Berkeley either possibly, negatively or neutral.
Rob Berkley: Well Ill give you my two sense and then Ill hand it over to my boss. My two sense is that theres been a fair amount of consolidation. I think there are parts of the insurance marketplace that are viewed as particularly attractive. And some of those more attractive areas, theres less and less real estate available if you like. And well have to see what unfolds, but from our perspective consolidation creates opportunity for us as an organization not just to attract talent, but also to attract relationships and insured, because our ability to provide predictability, continuity and consistency to the marketplace is perhaps very meaningful, even more meaningful and other organizations are disrupted or distracted by internal activity.
Bill Berkley: I think that  I would add that quality and culture really determine an insurance company success, all things being equal that you have the financial capacity to meet your obligations. Just as we were more than happy to pair claims, as rapidly as we were reasonably able to, because we thought thats why people buy insurance. We wouldnt want to do anything that would have an adverse impact on the culture of the quality of our enterprise. And while we look at many opportunities, its hard to find things that we think would be a good and useful way to spend our capital that would approach the value of returning it to our shareholders. Theres lots of things in the marketplace. There are many companies that are out there for ways to find new homes. And we look at most of them. And its just hard to find things, we think are additive and create value for our shareholders.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Do you have any  do you view that as coincidence or not that, we seen a pick up an offshore sales since the tax law past.
Bill Berkley: I think that pre-tax reform, post-tax reform, there are some businesses that are trying to look long and hard in the mirror. And evaluate what is their business model. What is their offering? What is their value added. What is the differentiator? I think there are some businesses that were formed and set out to be in one part of the market that got tough and they thought it would just be easy to get involved in another part of the market. And I think its proven to be disappointing and frustrating for them that may be not quite so easy. And as a result of not being able to find a greener pasture, I think theyre being forced to grapple with what should their future be.
Ian Gutterman: Understood. Thank you for the time.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we have a follow-up question coming from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you for the follow-up. There are two of them. Number one is on invested fund return $40 million of the quarter. My understanding is that you have lack that is sort of performance that by quarter. So do you have preliminary indication for the second quarter investment fund returns?
Rob Berkley: We have some visibility into that, but generally speaking we dont get into a lot of details of  part of that, the piece of the funds that historically is given as a fair amount of volatility would be some of the energy related funds. And again I think thats sort of flattish from where its been or neutral. But again, if youd like to more detail that suggests that you reach out to Chairman, so he will give you as much color is the law allows.
Kai Pan: Thanks. And lastly just follow-up on Ians question in a different sort of direction. Are you reinsurance business, if thats 10% overall premiums and the combined ratio have been above 100% for the last couple years. So if you step back, would you think the strategic value of the business to overall W. R. Berkley? And do you  have you think  thought about sort of either divesting or scale up that business.
Rob Berkley: Look, we view the reinsurance business no differently than any other part of our business, maybe very clear from our perspective. It is the core activity for us as a group. And we have thought our colleagues that are managing the capital in that part of the business for not sliding down the slippery slope that in our opinion others in the market are. Factor the matter is our expense ratio is probably, I dont know 6 to 8 points above some of the mid-size competitors and probably 10 points above or more than some of the large competitors. When the market conditions shift change in proof from where they are today, you will see this business scale up as our colleagues see that theres an opportunity to deploy capital. Fundamentally, we believe long-term in the reinsurance business, we do not view it the same way some of our competitors do. We have no interest in just being stupid capital that gets arbitrage at a convenience received. We have a great deal of interest in being partners with those that value us beyond just capacity. So they hopefully a fine point for you, we are committed to the business. We are frustrated, all of us as a teen collectively. At the same time, we believe at some point, the market will come above. There certainly are parts of the business, that its questionable what its future will be, such as property tax. But that is a part of the market that we participate in a very selective manner in particular. Does that answer your question?
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for your thoughts.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and we have a follow-up question coming from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is now open.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. I just wanted to follow-up on Berkeley One and see. Is any more detail you can provide there in terms of the continued rollout. I know there were two states, I think you mentioned last time of your planning.
Rob Berkley: Yeah, at this stage were in three states and we expect that we are going to be in a  our expectation, our plan is that we will be in another eight states by the end of the year. The reality is we can run as fast as we like, but we can only make insurance departments moving fast as they want to move. So we will be prepared, it is a matter of whether the insurance departments move at what type of pace. But our colleagues that are running that part of the business are successfully managing the heavy left of building this platform out. And I think our building healthy and constructive relationships with the insurance departments. And again, I dont know if it will be eight or not, but it will be considerably more than the three that were currently in.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And Rich, did you say the expense ratio uptick from Berkeley One was fully offset by the commission expense reduction.
Rich Baio: Yes.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And can you remind me what drove the commissions reduction again.
Rich Baio: Part of it is with regards to the business mix that Rob was alluding to early on.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. All right, perfect. Thanks very much for taking the follow-up.
Rob Berkley: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions via the phone lines. So now Id like to hand the call back over to Mr. Rob Berkley for some closing comments or remarks.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Brian and thank you all for your time today. Again, from our perspective, very solid quarter, I think some of the news that youre hearing from others would suggest that our approach to managing volatility particularly around the property lines are able to demonstrate that again. Looking forward, we see quite a bit of opportunity, obviously we cant control the market, but we can control what we do and many of the parts of the market that we have a meaningful presence and we think are providing significant opportunity. The growth that you saw in the insurance segment, quite frankly is what we have alluded to in the fourth quarter and I think theres a better than average chance as we make our way through 2018, there will be more growth coming out of the insurance segment. And on the other hand, the reinsurance market, which is at least parts of it showing signs of bottoming out and maybe some green shoots we remain with a dry powder ready to work with Stevens when the opportunities present themselves. So again thank you for your time and we will talk to you in 90 days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program and we may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - CEO, President & Director Richard Baio - CFO, SVP and Treasurer
Analysts: Amit Kumar - The Buckingham Research Group Arash Soleimani - KBW Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for calling in for our ourth quarter call. As in the past, joining me on this end of the phone is Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; and Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. And also consistent with our past calls, the agenda is going to be, I'm going to offer some general comments or some macro comments on the marketplace; couple of sound bites on the fourth quarter from my perspective; and then Rich is going to be walking you through the quarter in some greater detail. So from our perspective, it is an interesting moment for the industry. And I'm not necessarily talking about some of the things that we've discussed in the past, though they are meaningful. I'm not talking about data or analytics or technology or shifting distribution or change in customer behavior or any of those things that get a lot of headlines and are meaningful again. But I'm really talking about something that's a little bit more vanilla in nature. And that is some of the fundamental changes or meaningful variables that we are seeing a shift in. And the first one I'll mention is tax. Obviously, that is a topic that we have talked about extensively on these calls. Others have talked about quite a bit, and many of you have written about. From our perspective this is a double plus, if you will. Obviously, domestic-based insurers will benefit as all of corporate America will benefit from a lower tax rate. But in addition to that, the reality or what has finally become a reality, this concept of leveling the playing field is very meaningful. I think some appreciate how significant this is. I think others are still beginning to get their head around it, but from our perspective it is consequential for many stakeholders. There has been some speculation that this new reality is going to get dissipated through competition, while I'm happy to get into that during the Q&A. From our perspective, that is not going to happen and to the extent it does, it will not happen for many years. And again, during the Q&A, if you like, we can speak to that. Second, what's worth mentioning is the strength of both the U.S. economy and for that matter, global economy. The health of the economy impacts obviously the health of our customers or our insureds. Our insureds, we are seeing their numbers growing. In addition to that we're seeing growth in auto premiums as well. In addition to that, a healthy economy oftentimes leads to an increased or rising interest rate environment. And obviously, for organizations like ours, that's very important for our economic model, while it may impact booked value in the short run, ultimately the trade-off of the benefit in the higher interest rate environment for our investment portfolio, and ultimately our economic model is consequential, to say the least, and that applies to others as well. And finally, there is good old-fashioned idea of risk-adjusted return. Both in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, mother nature framed that for the industry once again. It continues to be a reality that this industry seems to struggle with. From our perspective, we are hoping that when the day's all done, the industry is going to be able to be more successful in getting their head around this idea of risk in return and appropriately factoring volatility to when they think about this concept. Few specific or more specific comments on the industry. The reinsurance market place, well I guess, the good news is it's a little bit less lousy today than it was in the past, and hopefully it will be even better tomorrow. Much to our surprise when we look at the won ones, we were really taken aback that the property reinsurance market did not get more traction. Yes, there were rate increases, particularly parts of the market that were severely impacted, but it was really modest relative to historical data points when you've see events of this magnitude you would have expected a more severe reaction from a pricing perspective. On the other hand, the casualty market seems to be showing signs, again, on the reinsurance front of gaining some momentum. Quite frankly, we are more encouraged with the traction that is being had in the casualty market. And quite frankly, it's very surprising to us. The only theory or idea that I can offer is the casualty market does not face the same surplus of capital or pressure from alternative capital that the property market faces, and perhaps the alternative capital, it is what dampening down more severe reaction in the property market, whereas in the casualty market where there isn't a significant presence of alternative capital, traditional markets have more pricing leverage. Switching over to insurance. Remains a more positive picture. Generally speaking, we are actually quite positive as to where things stand. Maybe a quick sound bite on casualty. Much to our surprise, quite frankly, we think there is more momentum, there is more pricing leverage today than it was a year ago. Workers comp, slightly different story, though we'd still like margin in a lot of that marketplace. Clearly, the actions of state rating bureaus is starting to take hold. The property market, again, is an area where we are not a very large player, but we do participate. Clearly, pricing is moving up and cat-exposed pricing is moving up even more. And auto, which is something that we've discussed quite a bit with many of you in the past continues to be pointed in the right direction and is clearly getting greater and greater traction every day. Probably the one piece of the insurance market that's making us pause and scratch our head a little bit is professional liability. We've touched on this in the past. Very broad marketplace, a variety of different classes, if you will, or exposures under that umbrella. But when we look at that part of the market overall, we believe it is becoming ever more right for a hardening. It's difficult to say when that is going to occur, but quite frankly, based on how we see planets and the starts lining up we would think that it would take 12, maybe 18 months at the most, but probably sooner rather than later given the amount of pain. Turning to our quarter. Obviously, the 94.9% is not what we are looking to achieve. Having said that, if you look at the environments, if you look at the results of many market participants and you look at the volatility the industry has faced yet again in the fourth quarter, 94.9% not all that bad given, again, the circumstances. Rich is going to get into the details behind that, the 61.4%, the 33.5%. And he's also going to give you a little bit of visibility on the expense ratio and how much of that is coming from what we would define as startup businesses, de novos, what have you, that are 3 years old or less and the impact of that's having on the expense ratio. Top line. Obviously, it was modestly negatively impacted by the reinsurance market -- right, the reinsurance business, excuse me, and particularly the challenges in the domestic or U.S. treaty reinsurance market. We applaud our colleagues and their efforts and their discipline and ultimately, we expect at some point the marketplace will provide an opportunity for us to expand that platform again in the future. On the other hand, the insurance business was flattish, if you like. There are some components of that, that I think Rich is going to reference, where quite frankly we've gotten rid of or have jettisoned a few books. And that has had a negative impact. That impact will probably be behind us by the end -- certainly the first quarter, maybe sometime in the second quarter. And my best guesstimate and given all the disclosures that I've already mentioned earlier, I can probably say this, is that you're likely to see us start to grow in the second quarter, maybe the first quarter, we'll have to see how that plays out. Turning to the balance sheet briefly. And again, Rich will get into the weeds here. But on the reserve front, yet another quarter of net development that was to the positive. I don't know how many it is in a row, but it's a lot at this stage. It's worth mentioning that we are very conscious of some of the macro shifts that are going on in the environment. We've talked a little bit about inflation. We've talked a little bit in the past about loss trends. And we are, again, sensitive to, aware of the fact that the industry has benefited from an extended period of really very benign loss trends by and large with the exception of perhaps medical inflation. And we are not betting so to speak that, that will continue in the future. So when we look at the picks that we are carrying and the picks that we are using going forward, we again are very in touch with that.  On the investment front, yet another quarter of gains. I think we have talked to you also we're blue in the face about how we have pivoted the approach that we're taking on the investment front. Very much focused on total return investing for wherever we think we can get the best risk-adjusted returns and sometimes those returns don't come through operating. They thus come through net thanks to the accounting profession. Having said that, from our perspective, as it relates to the fixed income portfolio, we do see rates no different than most other folks see rates moving up, and we think that it is going to our -- to benefit the actions that we have taken as we have held our breaths and shortened up our duration, and quite frankly given up some fixed income yield. Our colleagues on the investment side operated with a great level of discipline, and now we're going to see yields probably going back up and it will give them the opportunity to reconsider that. So this is a point of comparison. The duration of the investment portfolio is about 3 years. The average ratio of our reserves is a little bit north of four. I don't think you're going to see that spread much more, but again we are pretty well-positioned for a rising interest rate environment. So that is enough from me. I will leave it there and turn it over to Rich. Thank you.
Richard Baio: Thanks, Rob. We've reported net income of $155 million or $1.21 per share for the fourth quarter, representing a slight improvement from a year ago. We're pleased with our quarterly results and continue to demonstrate a sound approach to managing exposure to catastrophic events. Pretax underwriting income was $81 million, largely unchanged from the year ago quarter. Gross premiums written were unchanged due to our disciplined focus on risk selection and pricing and adequacy. Our cautious approach to exposure management and use those outward reinsurance led to a small decline in net premiums written of about 2% to approximately $1.48 billion. The insurance segment was relatively flat with $1.35 billion of net premiums written. New operating units and product offerings as well as expansion in several International geographies contributed to premium growth. While our withdrawal from a few lines of businesses at certain operating units offset this growth. The reinsurance segment decreased $27 million to $127 million in the quarter due to the North American property and casualty treaty reinsurance business. The accident year loss ratio before cat was 60.7% compared with 60.1% the year ago. Cat losses declined from $37 million a year ago to $18 million this quarter, of which $8 million related to wildfires in California. This translates into 1.1 loss points for 2017 compared with 2.3 loss points for 2016. Loss reserves developed favorably by $7 million or 0.4 loss points compared with $17 million or 1.1 loss points for the same period last year. We carry out an internal ground up reserve review each quarter, and the quarterly prior year development is based upon this analysis. At the end of the year, our external auditor carries out the reserve review with part of the audit, which validates the adequacy of our reserve position. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio is relatively flat at 61.4% quarter-over-quarter. The expense ratio decreased slightly from the year ago quarter, which was favorably impacted by the reduction in commission expense relative to the change in net premiums earned. In part, this reduction was offset by increased underwriting expenses from the addition of new operating units. In addition, Berkley One, our high net worth business began underwriting risk in Illinois during December, and it's quarterly expenses will be reflected in the first quarter of 2018. Historically, the average for new operating units, as Robert referenced, defined at less than 3 years of operation, contributed approximately 0.5 expense ratio points. This brings our combined ratio for the fourth quarter of 2017 to 94.9%, unchanged from the prior year. The core portfolio investment income increased approximately $14 million compared to a year ago led by fixed income securities with an annualized yield of 3.5% and real estate income. Investment funds contributed $17 million to net investment income, which declined $21 million from the prior year as energy prices were below the prior year's level. We've highlighted the potential variability that may arise in the fund performance on a quarterly basis. We anticipate the energy funds performance in the first quarter of 2018 may approximate this quarter's energy funds result.  Pretax net realized investment gains were $57 million, net of performance-based compensatory costs. We continue to have significant unrealized investment gains in our equity portfolio, including HealthEquity as well as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Beginning in 2018, new accounting rules become effective causing the change in fair value of certain equity investments to be reflected in the income statements rather than accumulated other comprehensive income. And accordingly, we'll see the effects of this change in our first quarter 2018 results. The effective tax rate was 22.4% for the quarter. There are 2 elements impacting the rate this quarter. First, the realized investment gains, which increased the rate above normalized levels due to its disproportionate contribution at a 35% rate. Second, the tax reform legislated late in December under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017. As it relates to the tax reform, there are 2 key drivers resulting in the estimated tax benefit of $21 million or $0.16 per share. The reduction in the tax rate from 35% to 21% is applied to the net deferred tax liability we've established in the U.S. Offsetting this benefit is the onetime deemed repatriation of foreign earnings and related impact on the utilization of foreign losses. It's important to note that limited guidance has been issued by treasury and the IRS regarding the application of many complex provisions. We have reasonably estimated the impact of the tax reform and expect any adjustments to be reflected following on the completion of our 2017 tax returns. We continued to annualize the impact of tax reform on our 2018 effective tax rate, which will depend on the mix of domestic and foreign income as well as tax-exempt income. At this time, we estimate the effective tax rate should approximate the marginal rate of 21%. At December 31, 2017, after-tax unrealized investment gains were $375 million. The average rating was unchanged at AA-, and the average duration for fixed income maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents was 3 years. Our return on equities to the quarter on an annualized basis was 12.3% on net income and 10.9% for the full year. Book value per share increased $2.88 to $44.53 from the beginning of the year, representing an increase of 6.9%. We repurchased approximately 290,000 shares in the quarter at an average price per share of $67.02. Total capital return to shareholders for 2017 was $236 million, resulting in book value per share growth of 10.9% for the full year. Thanks, Rob.
William Berkley: Great. Thank you, Rich. Okay, if we could please open it up for questions now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Amit Kumar with Buckingham Research.
Amit Kumar: I guess, two quick questions. The first question goes back to your opening comments. And I was wondering if you could sort of sketch that out a bit more and this goes back to the comment you made on the tax benefit not getting competed away on, I guess, the commercial and specialty lines versus personal lines. Can you just elaborate on that?
William Berkley: Yes. So when you think about at least the space that we operate in and a significant number of our specialty commercial lines competitors, they are parent, if you will, are domiciled outside of the United States. They effectively have had a tax rate that is materially below the tax rate that we as an organization and other peers that are domiciled in the U.S. have had to deal with. So what has effectively happened is our tax rate is going down, and their tax rate may very well be incrementally going up. And that gap has narrowed. So for them to be able to achieve the same results and compete in the market, something is going to have to give. They are either going to change their pricing and raise it. They are going to change their risk selection. They are going to accept lower returns, something is going to have to give. And when I made that comment, I'm assuming that they are not inclined to want to accept dramatically lower returns. So those that have enjoyed a lower tax rate, that is a meaningful part of the marketplaces that all of a sudden are not going to have that advantage in their economic model, I think will be the biggest backstop to this marketplace eroding. They need to with -- they are going to have to figure out how they compete.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And, I guess, you slipped the discussion on personal lines. And obviously there is a lot of discussion out there. And I'm sure you've seen the California insurance commissioner and all the news out there. Does this change in tax rate, does this provide, I guess, support for the Berkley One high net worth product down the road or how should we think about the impact of your expansion in this space down the road?
William Berkley: Yes. Honestly, we certainly catch the headline as you do. And from our perspective, it does not impact or change the opportunity that we see for Berkley One both in the short, intermediate and long-term.
Amit Kumar: Got it. And then just one final question on, I guess, on the reinsurance and it was interesting to listen to your comments. I think you said it did not get more traction. If you look at the book where it stands on the reinsurance side in terms of, I guess, the top line, and I think you made a comment that Berkley Re America had shrunk. How should we think about this for 2018? Do you think based on the pluses and minuses, you are where it should be or there could be incremental opportunities in it?
William Berkley: I think it's hard to know exactly what tomorrow will bring. At this stage, at least in the short run, I think there is probably more opportunity outside of the U.S. than in the U.S. just due to competition. That could change, however, very quickly. Having said that, obviously, when we write a treaty, it takes time for that quota share structure to come through in the net written premium. So my view is that we'll have to see how it unfolds. But we think we have a great team of people both domestically as well as outside of the U.S. And they know the expectation is to make money, not to issue treaties or reserves. I think the other piece is, that's worth mentioning, we do have a meaningful fact presence. And ultimately, if you see a market that starts to really harden the fact that this could provide a meaningful upside. So again, the division of the business has shrunk and, again, we think that in the aggregate it might shrink a bit more during '18. But we'll have to see what holds for the second half of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani with KBW.
Arash Soleimani: So one question I had. I know you don't give guidance. But in terms of the tax rate on operating income. I mean, is that reasonable for us to expect that to be below 21% given the favorable tax treatment on investment income?
Richard Baio: It's certainly a possibility. I think, as I was mentioning in my remarks, a lot of it will be dependent upon where the profitability of the business lies. We have International businesses that are taxed at much higher rates. So if you look, for instance, in our Latin American operation, Argentina tax is at 35%; Brazil tax is, I believe, at 45%. So once again, it will really depend on where the profits come and then that in relation to the tax exempt interest, which is a preference item to bringing that 21% marginal rate down. So we will need to, obviously, do our best to maximize the profits in the right place.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And I think you may have mentioned this in the remarks also, but in terms of the higher other costs and expenses this quarter, is that just a function you said of new units that you're investing in and--
William Berkley: Yes. That as I've commented, Rich has commented as well, when we start a new operation, when it's in its formation stages before they actually start running business, we keep that expenses at the holding company or parent, if you will. Once they are operational, then they will appear or come up in the expense ratio, not in the holding company, if you will, expense. And what ended up happening with one of the units during the fourth quarter was they went live during the quarter. So part of it is in the holding company expense and part of it is in the expense ratio. But it will be all in the expense ratio for the first quarter and there will be some impact.
Arash Soleimani: And that was Berkley One, right?
William Berkley: Yes.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Okay. And does anything change with higher interest rates? If we do have higher interest rates, does anything change in terms of your investment strategy? Like, is the $100 million per year still something that you would target in realized capital gains if we could have a meaningful?
William Berkley: Yes, I think the answer is yes. Obviously, if you look back over the past couple of years, we have comfortably exceeded that. It can be lumpy at times, but the placeholder that we've provided over the $100 million that certainly from our perspective comfortably make sense for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: Just want to confirm on the tax rate. Did Rich mention like 21% would be sort of all-in effective tax rate or that's like given the plus, like, and minuses on the tax law changes?
William Berkley: Rich, what did you mention?
Richard Baio: I mentioned 21% and that would be our expectation right now on a global basis. Although, as I mentioned, that could change depending upon the mix of where the profits are coming.
Kai Pan: Okay. I just wanted to confirm that because you have a sizable muni portfolio. I would think that tax rate will be lower than the new corporate tax rate. But you mentioned you have some international operations that's higher than the U.S. tax rates.
William Berkley: Yes, right.
Kai Pan: But overall probably like 21%.
William Berkley: I think Rich is suggesting that's a good placeholder, but there can be pluses and minuses. And unfortunately, treasury has not provided perfect clarity yet. So we're still working through that just like everybody else.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. And then on the pricing outlook seems like you are more positive on that. I just wonder if you compare the pricing trends you're seeing now versus the loss cost trend you're seeing. Do you think we're -- the pricing still need to catch up the loss cost trend or we could potentially see the underlying margin expansion?
William Berkley: Yes, from our perspective the pricing is, give or take, in lockstep with loss cost trend. So we're probably not getting a lot of altitude there. But I would suggest to you that we are getting altitude in mix of business, and I would expect that overall margins will benefit from that due to mix of business. And then in addition to that, quite frankly, I think it's certainly possible that the pricing will get momentum from here in some parts of the portfolio. So as I sit back and look at the business overall, I do think that there is margin expansion going on, but I don't think it's necessarily driven by -- solely by the rate lever.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. And then my last question on the sort of a merger acquisition front. If you think about now the tax reform also levering the plain field potentially in the merger acquisition front opportunities as well and you recently see a large commercial player buying up a muni reinsurer. I just wonder, from your perspective, right now, do you see that, like, acquisition opportunities for Berkley?
William Berkley: Well, I think that, obviously, we are an organization that tries to pay attention to what's going on. We try and make sure that we are aware of what opportunities are out there. At the same time, we are cautious and cheap with the shareholders money, some people have suggested. And as a result of that, we take a view that when it comes to building the business, we are very comfortable being patient and building it organically brick by brick. That way it's much more controlled. Having said that, we would certainly never rule out an acquisition if we thought that it made sense for the shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Robert, just curious. Back to tax and computation. Specifically on workers compensation insurance. I mean, you're obviously very involved with the NCCI. And why wouldn't it have an impact on kind of what the kind of rate levels that they are indicating that should be on workers comp?
William Berkley: The truth is that, I think that for the most part, the rate levels for workers comp are mainly driven by people looking in the rearview mirror and historical data and experience. We'll have to see what the impact is over time. But from my perspective, we certainly don't see that having a visible impact at this stage.
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. And then secondly, Rob, just curious on loss cost inflation. But talking about an improving economy, I think sometimes you actually see a pickup in lost cost inflation with an improving economy. I'm not sure you guys generally agree with that, and if so, is it something you guys are looking for?
William Berkley: Yes. It's clearly something that we're paying close attention to in certain lines of business when you see the economy humming along. Oftentimes, you can see lost cost trend moving in the direction that can have a negative impact on claims activity. So we are focused on it. Hence, the comments earlier, we don't want to overreact, at the same time we do not want to get caught behind. I think there are some folks out there that are perhaps mistakenly assuming that they can bank on what's been a very benign environment for the past many years. We will not be in that camp.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: I guess, my first question is on investment income. First, the fixed coupon income has been ramping up $3 million, $4 million, $5 million a quarter each quarter throughout the year. But the investment assets aren't growing that significantly. So I assume that's pickup in short-term yields or you're rearranging on the longer side too. I'm just sort of curious what's driven that and whether that might continue?
William Berkley: Pickup in short-term yields is correct.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Have you allocated more towards short-term investments or it's just the existing bucket is getting better yields?
William Berkley: The answer is both.
Ian Gutterman: Both. Okay. Are you finished allocating more to short-term or is this kind of where you're at a good proxy for '18?
William Berkley: I think that we've probably gone as far as we could. I'll find out from our general counsel if you can come to our investment meeting.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. The other part on investment as I was a little surprised that the energy mark would be tough again in Q1 because I thought in general the commodity complex did pretty well in Q4.
William Berkley: I think just as a reminder, and I think Richie has commented on this in the past. We booked that on a quarterly lag. So we're not going to give you the indicator necessarily as what to expect in the first quarter. But if you look at what's happened with energy prices a quarter before, that's not a bad leading indicator as to what you might expect.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. I thought I heard comment that Q1 would be similar to Q4, so maybe I misunderstood that.
William Berkley: No, I don't think so.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Okay, got you.
William Berkley: Anyway, sorry, if there was a misunderstanding.
Ian Gutterman: That was probably just me, mishearing it. So I had a broader question on your commentary on professional lines and beyond sort of the tough pricing just what you're seeing in the loss environment there. I mean, it seems like obviously, just the D&O filings, maybe a lot of it is nuisance-type stuff, but it is still -- the filings are way up. And then obviously, we see headlines about all the harassment-type stuff that I assume would lead to EPL claims. But I don't know how significant that is for -- does every newspaper article mean for your settlement or how we should think about that? But maybe just in general, sort of where you're seeing pressure on the loss side?
William Berkley: So I think, by and large, while it's not everywhere, more often than not, there is an increase in the claims activity that has been hitting the professional liability market and this is on top of a marketplace where they -- for the most part directionally rates have been headed in the wrong direction for some period of time now. I think, the point that you made earlier is not a bad leading indicator. You pick up the newspaper you hear about what's going on in the world and you try and think about what does this mean for the insurance industry. Well, you know what? There is more claims activity that's hitting the professional liability space. Because of some of the things that you referenced, but also some of the things that we've discussed in the past where from our perspective, you were seeing a, generally speaking, more litigious environment. You're seeing a more aggressive plaintiff bar that is getting traction. You're seeing an increasing frequency of severity. And it's one of those things where it doesn't really appear typically in a very abrupt way, it kind of creeps up when you're not paying attention.
Ian Gutterman: Agreed, agreed. Okay. And then just my last one is on the Berkeley One. Could you give us a sense of sort of where the next states are beyond Illinois, are you sort of starting in the Midwest or was that -- just trying to figure out or can you give anything for that or?
William Berkley: I'll give you what clarity I can. So our expectation is by the end of the first quarter where we will be in two more states. Some of that is a little bit out of our control, quite frankly, because we are at the mercy of insurance departments and their approvals. So we haven't come out and said exactly what those states are. But the gang that's running that business they have a few in the hopper, and I think there are two at the top of the list. But I don't know how much we've communicated it. What I would tell you is, we are going to markets that you expect we would go to markets, markets that are not as rich, if you will, and our target market are probably not markets that we are making as much of a priority.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. So it still sounds like a -- I was trying to dance round a little bit, I guess. It sounds like less coastal and more maybe sort of windtail type states for now, is that a reasonable proxy?
William Berkley: I'm going to stick to my answer before. And we will make sure that when we announce it, you're on the distribution.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: Two questions. I guess, the first one for Rich. Rich, can you talk about the new -- on the fixed income side, kind of the new money yields you're looking at in the market relative to what your portfolio is yielding now?
Richard Baio: The new money rate on that we are seeing now is at about 3%.
Jay Cohen: Okay. And so that's still slightly below your fixed income portfolio yield?
Richard Baio: Yes, that's correct.
Jay Cohen: Okay.
Richard Baio: And it's shorter duration, also don't forget.
Jay Cohen: Right. So extending the duration, obviously, would change that. So I can see that. I guess for Rob, your comments on your offshore competitors probably having to change the way they price business to achieve similar returns does make some sense. Having said that, they seem to be commenting, the ones that have commented publicly, have kind of said the tax change shouldn't have a material impact on their results. How do you square those two things?
William Berkley: So Jay, I would suggest that that's a conversation for you to have with them. I can't square it, so if they connect the dots for you, maybe you could pass it on to me particularly to my father, he would be very interested. But again, I just look at the macro and I look at their economic model. I look at economic model that others have similar to ours. I look at what's changing. And if people want to be able to remain where they are, it just doesn't work. So maybe there's something that I'm missing. And again, I certainly don't want to be rude or disrespectful to any of our competitors outside of the United States. We have a lot of time for them. But when I look at the situation as a case study, I don't understand how they would reach that conclusion. So maybe you can figure it out and let us know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker: So just wondering if you can give me a little bit of background on what you're seeing in the medical stop loss market. I know it's not a huge market for you, but you guys are there. I'm hearing a lot of companies are thinking about getting in, and I'd like to know a little bit about barriers to entry, and whether you think this market in particular has any tax-related implications going forward?
William Berkley: So as far as that marketplace goes, I think that the number one barrier to entry is expertise. Unfortunately, that barrier is not always recognized by pools of capital and they just step in and oftentimes, it takes a little while but that ends in tears and then they respond accordingly. So -- and we've seen that happen. The good news about this line of business is it's relatively short tail, so people who zig when they should zag it, it comes into focus pretty quickly. As it relates to the marketplace overall, I think one obviously needs to be very cognizant of what's going on with loss trend. But generally speaking, from our perspective, we've been in the business for many years now. We're very pleased with our participation. And while it's competitive market like every market we operate in, we are not particularly put off at the moment by the level of competition.
Joshua Shanker: Are there some switching costs involved?
William Berkley: The answer is that any time an account moves from one place to another, there is a bit of friction, if you will. But I wouldn't want to lead you to the belief that, that is a significant barrier.
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And then on workers comp. Can you just discuss the will of regulators to win public support for their actions and how that can affect your desire to seek rate in that line of business?
William Berkley: Ultimately, it really varies very much by state and by regulator. Clearly, there are some insurance departments and state rating bureaus that are very focused on the idea of a healthy and sound workers comp marketplace for their state, and understand the implications on their economy in their state. I think there are others that may take a shorter-term view. When the day is all done, we look at a marketplace, we look at exposure, we think about what an appropriate rate is. If we can get that rate, we'll write the business. If not, we're not going to write it.
Joshua Shanker: And you can move in and out as you please in a highly regulated line like that?
William Berkley: The answer is that we are in a position to provide continuity to a marketplace that we think make sense. Ultimately, if the marketplace moves away from what we think is an appropriate rate, customers are certainly able to find an alternative perhaps at a different rate. But our goal, as we have explained and demonstrated to stakeholders, is to provide a continuity for customers and ultimately we think that's part of our value proposition.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW.
Arash Soleimani: I just had a quick follow-up. I wanted to make sure I understood the comment on the energy portfolio. Could you just repeat it one more times?
William Berkley: Sure. Let me make sure this is what you think you heard. We may have made a couple of comments on the energy portfolio. Long story short, we bumped the energy portfolio on a quarterly lag. As a result of that, what you saw come through in the fourth quarter was actually the results from the energy portfolio in the third quarter. So when you look to the first quarter results, those will actually be a reflection of what happened in the fourth quarter. So to the extent that you want to try and anticipate what will happen in the quarter, if you look at the prior quarter, that will give you a sense.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And maybe just one for Rich real quick on the accounting change you had mentioned. I think that's just the mark-to-market changes that you're talking about. And if so, will that just cause a bit more volatility in the numbers?
Richard Baio: Yes, they will. So as you know right now we mark-to-market the equities as well as our fixed income portfolio for the most parts through equity. And so this accounting change is going to apply, obviously, to everyone. So equities will now go through P&L and we'll weigh up that variability. But it is only as it relates to certain equities, just to be clear. And that's been fund and so our equity accounted for, so those would not be mark-to-market other than if the underlying fund to market is positioned to market.
Arash Soleimani: Right, right. And will you just lump these mark-to-market changes into your capital gains line or will it have a separate line item?
Richard Baio: There are special disclosures that we'll need to follow under the accounting rules, so there will be change with regards to that. But you'll see the delineation.
Operator: Next, we have a follow-up question from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen: My question was answered. I just couldn't figure out. I withdraw the question. So I'll do it verbally.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Berkley for closing remarks.
William Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you all for calling in. Couple of quick sound bites before you run off and start checking out other releases. From our perspective, our strategy around risk-adjusted return and focusing on volatility, we were able to execute that, again, second quarter in a row. I think that was demonstrated in the results. In addition to that, we are optimistic quite frankly about market conditions for parts of the market that we are meaningfully players in. I think we touched on that as far as rate as well as some of the underwriting actions that we have taken. In addition to that, we continue to be very enthusiastic about what has happened on the tax front and ultimately, what that means for our economic model. And finally, of course, the comments earlier about a rising interest rate environment and the leverage for us and our economic model, in particular, given the significance of investment income as a result of our large reserve base. So by and large, we are very enthusiastic about '18. We think '18 is going to be good year for us. And quite frankly, it is going to be an opportunity for us to set the table for what will be a good '19 as well. Thank you all for calling in and we will speak with you next quarter. Good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkley - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Berkley - Executive Chairman  Rich Baio - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Arash Soleimani - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Larry Greenberg - Janney Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Good day and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Scarlet and good afternoon all again and thank you for joining us for our third quarter call. So, with me on this end, I have our Executive Chairman as usual, Bill Berkley as well as Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. Consistent with what we have done in the past, I am going to start off with some general comments and I am going to hand it over to Rich. He will get into a bit of the details on the quarter and then we will open it up for Q&A, the three of us will be available to answer any questions you may have, and finally I will have a couple of sound bites at the tail end. So, well, ticking it off, obviously, the third quarter was exceptionally active on the cap front. Before we start getting into the numbers and the day-to-day of the business in the industry, let me first start by expressing our organizations concern and sympathies for the millions of people that were affected by the events in the third quarter as well as more recently the wild fires in the fourth quarter. Additionally, I would like to thank our colleagues and there are many of them that have worked tirelessly over the past several months to ensure that our customers or claimants were appropriately looked after at a timely manner. And finally, I would like to recognize the countless number of colleagues that have gone above and beyond on a personal level to volunteer and to donate to people in the affected areas. I think this is a true reflection of the values of the people that makeup our organization and ultimately our culture is a reflection of their values. So, we are very proud of the response by many of them and we as an organization recognized we have a broader obligation to society than just our day-to-day business. Switching over to the traditional topics, so whats going on in the market? From our perspective, obviously, again, Q3 very active, unusually active and at this stage, there are probably two glaring questions flashing in bright neon at all of us. One question would be so when you tally up all these losses in the third quarter and you hear the number thats checked around, how come all of the parts if you will are not equaling or adding up to the whole. When you look at the numbers that have been announced or pre-announced as it relates to losses during the third quarter and again you looked at the projected whole, the parts are not equaling the whole. Obviously, there could be a couple of different reasons for this. One is that it will turn out the projected whole turning out to be something less than expected; number two, alternative capital and other market participants that have not announced, its going to prove that they have more exposure than perhaps some people had originally expected; or number three, many market participants are just proven to be more optimistic than will prove to be reality. I am not sure if anyone knows for sure it could be some combination, but certainly the parts not adding up to the whole has made us scratch our head. Question number two will be so given the level of destruction of capital give or take $100 billion vaporizing in a relatively short period of time. So, what will the response be from the marketplace? There is a broad spectrum of commentary out there ranging from no response to you will see a response in the affected areas to the property line in general to some would suggest this will have a meaningful impact on the broader market. From our perspective, while its hard to know exactly what the degree of the response or potentially hardening in the market will be, it is hard for us to imagine that given the level of capital that has been destroyed that there will not be a meaningful response. Put another way, it is hard for us to imagine that given the loss activity it is not going to be a definitive wake-up call for market participants and capital providers to focus more deeply or to revisit what is an appropriate risk-adjusted return. Drilling down more specifically into the reinsurance market, honestly, I dont have a lot to add beyond what you have heard me comment on in past quarters, its as ugly as ever out there. Maybe it requires a large dose of medicine that doesnt taste very good. So, you get people to wake up and realize what needs to happen. Obviously, a lot of the chatter is around the property cat market at this stage. From our perspective, the casualty and the professional market while it may not be as clear arguably could be almost if not equally impaired its just not again as visible. As it relates to the insurance market, casualty and comp are probably the brighter spots although I would caution people around the comp market we are seeing some pretty aggressive actions on the part of state rating bureaus. I think the rating bureaus for the most part, particularly NCCI are pretty responsible. Having said that, there are certain situations where you see politics start to creep into the scenario and that does not lead to necessarily the right answer. On the professional front very mixed though overall I would suggest eroding or moving in the wrong direction. D&O is probably the line that gives us greatest reasons to pause. We are concerned about that. Property, its really two worlds, cat and non-cat. And finally, on the auto front, from our perspective, while things continue to improve we have not gotten to the mile-marker that we need to before we are going to really open up the spigot all the way. Couple of comments specifically on our quarter, top line is off modestly and again, Rich is going to get into the weaves with a bunch of these numbers, but it was primarily due to our reinsurance segment. Little more specifically, it was driven by our domestic or U.S. treaty business. Some of you may have seen in the release on Page 6, I believe it is we give a bit more detail. The headline is we are growing where the margin is we are shrinking where we dont like it. Overall, rate was up give or take about 1%. Renewal retention ratio was hovering around that 80%, which is pretty consistent with what we have seen over the past couple of quarters. On the loss ratio front, obviously spiked up to 68.4% thats what happens when you have a $119 million in a 90-day period of cat losses. On the accident year, it was 51.3%. We did have about $7 million of positive development coming through in the quarter and I would like to spend a moment or two on this and it maybe a bit repetitive from what we touched on in the past couple of quarters or a few quarters ago I should say. We are observing what would appear to be out on the horizon signs of an increase in severity beyond what we have seen over the past several years on the casualty front and on the professional front. We want to be our usual cautious self and make sure that we have a belt and suspenders approach. We are very comfortable with our reserves to say the least. At the same time, we want to be measured and how we declare victory and how quickly we declare victory given the signs that we see on the horizon. Investment portfolio again, Rich is going to touch on this. The duration shortened up a little bit on the fixed income, return book yield if you will is pretty flat. Obviously, you noticed the big gain that came through a lot of that was driven by the sale of a building that we have pre-announced I believe it was back in July. We also had a couple of other gains in there. And yet again touching on a topic that we have discussed in the past and I know that this isnt particularly palatable to those that focus on trying to predict how we will perform in any 90-day period. We think the focus on capital gains is completely consistent with our total return approach and is very much in line with what our shareholders have asked us to do and thats simply both from a investment perspective as well as an underwriting perspective, focused on building book value through making good risk-adjusted returns. Couple of other comments here, unfortunately I cant read our own handwriting. Tax obviously it has been getting a lot of headlines. All of us read about it. All of us hear about it. Two big questions there from our perspective, one, being what is going to happen with general corporate tax reform or tax reform in general in this country, which seem to be like its building momentum I think as we have discussed in past quarters. It actually would seem as though its an issue as it relates to corporate tax that both Democrats and Republicans recognized that the U.S. needs to be more competitive on that front. On a different topic, under the tax umbrella, certainly is an issue that is near and dear to our organizations part particularly our Chairman and certainly, other U.S. domiciled companies and the question will be are the planets and the stars going to completely lineup where we are not only going to have corporate tax reform in this country, but in fact some of the situations and our attorneys prints, when I say this loopholes that were created that offshore companies benefit from whether the ability to reinsure your own business from your domestic or U.S. affiliate to a foreign affiliate whether that loophole will be closed off. I think its important to highlight, because it has been mischaracterized by some, we as an organization and I believe others in the industry that are based in this country that take issue with this disconnect. We have no issue with any foreign jurisdiction. We have no issue whatsoever with any foreign-based company. Our issue is that Washington DC has quite frankly there was an oversight or an inadvertent estate and they unfortunately for an extended period of time have not been willing to address it. So, I guess, long story short before I hand it over to Rich, 101 is the combined for the quarter, not what we strive for, certainly not what we target, but in light of the circumstances certainly on a relative basis, we think its not a bad outcome. In addition to that, its unclear ultimately as to how the market is going to respond to the recent events, particularly in the third quarter, which you have spilled over into the fourth quarter again with the California wildfires. Having said that, we are in position to take advantage of whatever market opportunity comes our way. We view that we are there to provide service and capacity to customers that we believe is a responsible rate and the responsible form. So, we have the platform, we have the people, we have the capital. So, as the opportunities present themselves, we are well positioned to take. Rich is going to get through the numbers and then we will open it up for Q&A and a couple of last sound bites from me at the tail end. Rich?
Rich Baio: Thanks, Rob. Appreciate it. We reported net income of $162 million or $1.26 per share compared with a year ago quarter, $221 million or $1.72 per share. The most significant difference between the comparable periods of the cat losses as Rob alluded to in the current quarter resulting from several events impacting both the insurance and the reinsurance industry. During the third quarter of 2017, we saw three Category 4 hurricanes make landfall in the U.S. and Caribbean as well as two earthquakes in Mexico. The industry has not experienced this degree of catastrophic events in over a decade. Despite the infrequency of severe events, we have continued to effectively manage our cat exposure and accordingly have reported a low amount of cat losses on both an absolute basis and as a percentage of earnings or capital relative to most industry participants. These cat losses were very much within our expectations for such events. Consequently, our underwriting performance was adversely impacted by the accumulation of approximately $107 million of cat losses from these events on a pre-tax basis. In addition, we had approximately $12 million of other pre-tax cat losses in the quarter. In total, cat losses impacted our results by 7.5 loss ratio points in the quarter or $0.60 per share after-tax. Continuing with our total return investment strategy, we recognized significant pre-tax investment gains in the quarter of $184 million or $177 million after considering related operating costs and expenses, including performance-based compensatory costs. Much of this investment gain was not previously reflected in stockholders equity. To be more specific, the pre-announced sale of the real estate investment in Washington DC giving rise to a pre-tax gain of $124 million was not marked to fair value in our financial statements under the accounting rule. The sale of the investment triggered the recognition of fair value. Our current accident year underwriting results before cat losses were unchanged from the prior year even if market conditions remained competitive. We have managed our risk selection and exposures based on areas in the market where we can achieve attractive risk-adjusted returns. Total net premiums written declined 2.3% to approximately $1.57 billion driven primarily by a decrease in the reinsurance segment. This decline continues to be attributed to the North American property and casualty treaty reinsurance business. Our reinsurance segment decreased $25 million to $139 million in the quarter. The insurance segment experienced a small decline in net premiums written of 0.8%, which was largely attributable to the exit of a few lines of business certain operating units due to the inadequate opportunities to achieve targeted risk-adjusted returns. The accident year loss ratio before cats was 61.3% compared with 60.9% a year ago. Most of the difference relates to non-cat weather-related losses. As previously mentioned, the increase in cat losses was primarily from hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria along with the two Mexican earthquakes, which represented 6.7 loss points in the current quarter over the prior year. Prior year loss reserves developed favorably by $7 million or 0.4 loss points compared with $13 million or 0.8 loss points for the same period last year. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio for the current quarter was 68.4% compared with 60.9% a year ago. The expense ratio decreased 40 basis points from the year ago quarter and 1% from the consecutive quarter. The current quarters expense ratio was favorably impacted by the reduction in commission expense relative to the change in net premiums earned. The commission expense is primarily declined as a result of the withdrawal from several of the structures and property transactions, which had high ceding commissions, sliding scale commission income due to higher losses on assumed property business, and finally, lower contingent commissions payable to our distribution partners resulting from increased loss activity. This reduction was partially offset by increased compensation expense, which includes the operating units recently added to the insurance segment. We anticipate the expense ratio will increase in the fourth quarter as the commission expense stabilizes and the potential inclusion of the high net worth business in the insurance segment rather than in the corporate operating expenses. This brings our combined ratio to 101% for the current quarter compared with 93.9% for the third quarter 2016. The core portfolio investment income increased $9 million compared to a year ago led by fixed income securities with an annualized yield of 3.4% as well as real estate income. Investment funds declined $10 million due to mark-to-market adjustments for energy funds. We have highlighted the potential variability that may arise in the fund performance on a quarterly basis. Energy prices continue to be below last years levels and we anticipate the energy funds performance in the fourth quarter of 2017 may approximate this quarters energy funds results. On non-insurance business earnings, our non-insurance business earnings increased in the current quarter compared to the prior year. This is attributable to the inclusion of a textile solutions business we acquired earlier this year and the comparability of the aviation business reflecting the sale of Aero Precision Industries period over period. Corporate operating expenses decreased from the same quarter a year ago and slightly increased from the consecutive quarter, primarily reflecting our investment in new business opportunities like our high net worth business. We expect the high net worth operation to begun underwriting business in the fourth quarter. When we move the business to the insurance segment, these expenses will be reflected in the underwriting expense ratio. The effective tax rate was 28% for the quarter. There are two elements impacting the rate this quarter. First, the realized investment gains which increased the rate above normalized levels due to its disproportionate contribution at a 35% rate and second, the benefit from equity-based compensation that reduced our effective tax rate. The change to the accounting rules that occurred in January 2017 caused the increase in the value of equity-based compensation to be reflected as a reduction to income tax expense rather than additional paid in capital. Since the predominance of our equity-based compensation vests in August, you may see a lower effective tax rate in each of our prospective third quarter results reflecting this potential tax benefit. At September 30, 2017, after-tax unrealized investment gains were $454 million, an increase of $27 million from the beginning of the year. The average rating was unchanged to AA minus and the average duration for fixed income maturities, including cash and cash equivalents decreased to 2.9 years compared to 3 years less last quarter. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis was 12.8% on net income basis and 17.9% on a pre-tax earnings basis. Book value per share increased $1.01 to $44.60 in the quarter representing an annualized increase of 9.3%. And finally, we purchased approximately 441,000 shares in the quarter at an average price per share of $64.33.
Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Scarlet, okay, we are going to pause on our end here and we would appreciate if you could open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Kai, good afternoon.
Kai Pan: Good afternoon to you too. So, thank you so much for disclosing the accident year combined ratio in the press release that save us a question on the reserve releases. So, on that topic you mentioned, increased severity in casualty and professional lines and could you discuss whats the reason behind it and are you sort of like slow the pace of reserve releases and also increase your  more conservative in your initial loss pick in these lines?
Robert Berkley: Yes. So, I wouldnt want you to read too much into this. So, what we are seeing and we have commented on this in the past couple of quarters is there has been some awards that are coming out of the court. The numbers are somewhat inflated compared to what one has seen over the past few years. So, we continue to be very comfortable with our reserves. We think that we are in a very good position. At the same time, given the nature of our business, we want to make sure that we have our head fully around that.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then my second question on the sort of like the pricing outlook, I hope you can discuss maybe more on three specific areas. Number one, on the property reinsurance, which you have reduced underwriting a lot over there, at what price levels that you would be becoming more interested? Number two, you mentioned the casualty reinsurance the equally impaired, I dont know what exactly you mean by that? And number three is that in your insurance business, you see growth opportunity in select areas, can you expand on that?
Robert Berkley: Sure. So, let me try and take those in order. So, on the property cat front, the answer is considerably more than the market will bear today and thats why you see us shrinking. As far as the broader commentary about the reinsurance market around the casualty and professional, I think the reality is the reinsurance market while the issue started some years ago in the property cat is spilled over into as we have commented in the past to the casualty and professional market. I think the pricing in those parts of the market have been challenging to say the least and I think for those that have not been cautious over the past couple of years are likely to be in for a rude awakening. I think the differences property cat, the wind blows or the earth shakes and it comes into focus very quickly. As opposed to the casualty and the professional lines, it takes time for that to come through. The problem with that is it allows people to make mistakes from a more extended period of time which then compounds the problem. As far as where we think the opportunities are the insurance market, I dont think its in the best interest of the people that we work for to get granular as to where our best margins are. I would suggest that if you have a look at Page 6 of our release, it gives you a sense as to where we are growing. So, I think that clearly the insurance market. And for that matter, I would define the specialty insurance market is a better place to be today as it has been for the past few years than the reinsurance market. We will have to say whether thats that case in the future.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is now open.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks and good afternoon. So, you had mentioned in terms of the building in DC was not recognized, it wasnt mark-to-market on the balance sheet. Can you remind us as of the end of the third quarter what the magnitude of the gains is on your balance sheet that are not actually mark-to-market?
Bill Berkley: Hi, this is Bill. We actually dont try  we dont try and mark everything to market to a quarterly date. What we have said was we carried that building at cost and it was amongst the list of assets that we went through in a general sense to get people to understand why we valued our assets more highly than the marketplace or the balance sheet stated them to be and therefore we have a number of other buildings. We have other things just different than our ownership in HealthEquity was suddenly mark-to-market when we owned less than 20%, because we no longer equity accounts because at one point, we owned a lot more than 20%. We were trying to get people to understand that difference, but its not really something that we are going to try and do on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And Mark, everything we own to market, so everybody can try and keep their track. We continue to have substantial assets that are carried at very far under the fair market value to sell and we expect that it will continue to generate realized gains or as we have said we expect that we will more than $100 million a year for the foreseeable future as we sell from these assets and create hopefully additional investments to give us realized gains.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And that $100 million per quarter that you mentioned is that
Bill Berkley: I didnt say quarter I said $100 million a year.
Arash Soleimani: Sorry thats I meant, my apologies, I meant will that largely stems from items that are not mark-to-market for us that the value basically become?
Bill Berkley: I cant give you an answer to that. Its going to come from various things, because HealthEquity was not mark-to-market. Now, its mark-to-market, some of the gains will come as and when we sell shares in HealthEquity, they will be coming from various things. We have a fairly wide array of things that we own and it will be a mixture of those things.
Arash Soleimani: Sure. And I think you mentioned the wildfires in your prepared remarks, is there any kind of sense you can provide as to what the potential exposure maybe?
Robert Berkley: Honestly, at this stage, I think it would be premature for us to even speculate as to what our exposure is. Having said that, given when we look at it on maps where our rooftops are, we dont view this as being an earth-shattering event for us at all.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, that makes sense. And then just the last question I had was in terms of the realized gains, I dont think in the release you provided the after-tax realized, but can we just basically multiply it by 35% and back that out. Is there any reason why it would be bigger than that?
Robert Berkley: Yes, thats correct.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. Thank you very much for the answers.
Robert Berkley: Thank you for calling in.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Hi, good afternoon, Jay.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. Good evening, everybody. Hey, guys. A couple of questions. I guess first go back to one of Kais questions on your view of reserves which really puts with how you manage the business for a long time. Based on your commentary, is it safe for us to assume that the positive development we have seen over the past several years probably comes down a bit going forward as well as it did in this quarter?
Robert Berkley: I would not  I would think that, that is a leap that I would not make.
Jay Cohen: Okay.
Robert Berkley: I think
Jay Cohen: Very good. Thats helpful.
Robert Berkley: We look at our reserves on a quarterly basis. I would tell you that we are focused on erring on the side of caution. And when we pick our loss picks initially, we error on the side of caution and as they season out, we then tighten them up, but no, I would not read into the comment or the number or assume that, that is trying to lead you in a direction that this is the new norm one way or the other.
Jay Cohen: Got it.
Robert Berkley: I think we are. Okay.
Jay Cohen: Thats helpful.
Robert Berkley: Was there anything else Jay?
Jay Cohen: Yes. On the high net worth business, just really for modeling purposes, can you give us a sense of what the operating expenses are which will have to shift from one bucket to another?
Robert Berkley: I would at this stage, I would pencil in $5 million a quarter.
Jay Cohen: Perfect. Thats helpful.
Robert Berkley: Anything else, Jay? Scarlet, were there any other questions?
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Janney. Your line is now open.
Larry Greenberg: Thank you very much. Yes, my questions have all been hit really, but just to follow-up on California would the kind of non-threatening loss maps, would that apply to the reinsurance business as well?
Robert Berkley: Im sorry, the non-threatening loss maps, when we look at on a map, it hits to the best of our ability and of course we have loss ratio caps and things like that with much of the reinsurance that we write to. So, again from our perspective, while its likely that this is going to be a $5 billion to $10 billion event for the industry, we think we will be notably underweighted as usual.
Larry Greenberg: Great. And then just on taxes, I mean have you seen anything recently on the foreign tax issue that gives you more or less confidence that will be addressed?
Robert Berkley: Well, I will offer a quick comment and then I will turn it over to my boss, who is more in touch. I think the recent announcement of an inversion and our industry has gotten the attention of many, including one Mr. Paul Ryan and he has  I dont know his office has publicly expressed a view about that inversion and just the overall ability to do that and actually they offer some comments beyond that as well, but I will pause there and leave it to you.
Bill Berkley: I think that we should understand that our argument is it makes no sense for a company thats based in Dublin or Bermuda or the Cayman Islands to the write the same business that originates in the United States and a company based in Hartford or Greenwich or Des Moines or Dallas to write that same business and us to pay as domestic companies to pay full taxes and those companies today with little or no taxes. It was never the intention of tax writers it was an oversight and not a plan. The argument  the international companies put forth is we need their capacity. They are not here, because they are offering capacity there here to make money. At some point, people in Washington realized they are not offering their capacity to be nice, they are offering their capacity to make money. They compete with us everyday. Nothing will change when the tax laws change. I think the people in Washington are seeing it and they are seeing the same thing in reverse happening to many of our technology companies in Europe, where Europeans are saying you have to pay tax here to get business there. So, I think you are seeing it now. The same ideas are expanding in many industries. So, I think the tax writers in Washington are recognizing. It makes no sense that the business originates here you should pay tax and the business that originates here, I think we are getting a much more positive view about it having seen [indiscernible], which was one of our leading partners effectively emerge with an offshore company and get the benefits of that substantially lower tax rate and now just last week assurance doing the same thing effectively in an inversion. They are watching billions of dollars leave the country.
Robert Berkley: Was there another question.
Larry Greenberg: No, I am good. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thank you. Rob, I was hoping we can go back to your opening comment about the some of the parts not equaling the whole and it seems as if maybe half the losses or maybe more are missing. And do you lay that what the possibilities could be and I agree with those? I guess I wanted to ask you sort of the next part which is what happens next, if it is really isnt only 50, maybe 60, not a 100, how much has that dampened the pricing momentum. And if lets say, it is 100 and everyone is late, we are used to seeing average development on these type of events, but not by 2x. So, it seems a little fishy I guess if thats really the case. But it feels look like people are trying to have, they are taking you to report low losses and still get pricing and you really think things work that way?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Honestly, its hard for us to comment on whats going on in other organizations, we no different than presumably others on the call today. We do the simple math based on public information and when the pieces arent adding up, it kind of makes you pause. I dont know, how people are thinking about it. I would be surprised if it turned out that the industry loss during the quarter was so much lower that somehow all of a sudden that was the variable that wasnt making sense. But again, I cant comment on other people, what I can tell you is in our case, we are carrying a very large amount of IBNR relative to case as it relates to storms. And that again is just in keeping with our philosophy around claims and erring on the side of caution early on and tightening it up over time, but there certainly is evidence that would then the question whether that is the approach that others are taking. I guess there is also the possibility that yes, there is some large participants that havent announced a number yet, but even if you take that handful and you apply a big number to them, it doesnt fill the gap or anything close to it. So, the short answer is I dont know, but I think at some point something is going to have to give and its going to come into focus. And in the meantime, I think as people may recognize the pain over time that may not be a bad thing from the perspective of a hardening market, because its going to be a slow drip of pain, its not just a quick shot. If you recall back after Andrew years and years ago, you saw a quick spike and then it started to erode quickly. Maybe that wont be the case here.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. And do you have a view on Maria, because thats the one that obviously the modeling terms are way off on it and for the people who have put out by storm estimates, it seems people are coming out losses on Maria less in the first two. And I guess personally that surprised me, I thought maybe Maria would have been higher, I dont know if you agree with that, the first two?
Robert Berkley: I am not going to speculate as to what we think the industry loss is. I think anyone who pays attention like I am sure you are doing and others on the phone do, you look at the level of destruction and you hear the stories and then you try and dial it down for the media component that tends to sensationalize things its still a horrific situation at best. I think the scale of the loss I think we will have to see with time, I think that there are lot of questions around Maria, I think there are lot of questions around mortgage exposure in general. I think the mortgage insurance industry, I dont know what their exposure is to Puerto Rico, but certainly, their exposure to Texas is very material. I dont know how the movie plays out, if you sort of roll it forward and you have someone who has the house worth $100,000 or so and they didnt have flood insurance, the house is trashed and they dont have enough money, because they dont have flood insurance to rebuild the house. I dont know what that means when all of a sudden they go back to the bank and hand them the keys. So, there are a lot of questions there and really quite frankly, there are no answers at this stage. I think the other big wild card as we have talked about stemming from these storms is business interruption. And it tends to be one that people tend to overlook, people tend to think of when there is a catastrophe solely on the property loss or what happened to the structure, but the BI is not something that some that folks should underestimate.
Ian Gutterman: Absolutely, absolutely. And then as far as specifically your clauses, can you give us some sort of sense on the insurance side, are you into your reinsurance treaty, do you still have if we saw develop adversely?
Robert Berkley: Yes, we are very comfortable as to our numbers as I suggested earlier. And in addition to that, if there was an unforeseen event between now and our renewals, we are as comfortable today as we were before the series of events.
Ian Gutterman: Are you, I guess
Robert Berkley: I am trying to answer your question
Ian Gutterman: No, I am going to ask a slightly different question, which is about
Robert Berkley: Okay.
Ian Gutterman: When you get to your reinsurance renewal, I mean obviously if you have toasted your treaty thats a different issue and then you can punt on the question, but if your  sort of a lot of companies are suggesting they are slightly into their treaties, if you are sort of in a similar position, I assume if someone comes to you and tries to push a big rate increase, the obvious responses is we didnt hit you that hard. Is that fair or is that not the conversation, is it more understanding given the market losses?
Robert Berkley: Sorry, can you repeat the question?
Ian Gutterman: Well, just on your outbound program right, if when your re-insurers come to you and say we want a healthy double-digit percent rate increase, I assume the natural response to that is we then hit you as hard as other guys hit you. So, why you are asking us for it sort of
Robert Berkley: I think that ultimately our re-insurers have supported us for an extended period of time. And our view is that they should acknowledge or recognize our results and how we have served them well by protecting their capital just like we protect our own and thats been demonstrated by the results.
Ian Gutterman: Thats what I thought I just want to make sure. And then just real quick and then Ill hop off, is your reinsurance side, can you just  the reinsurance is a little higher than I was modeling I get the total I guess I had right, but I just have the segments off. Was there anything specific on the reinsurance, was it mostly from cat treaties, was it per risk or fact or anything that kind of stood out they can call out?
Robert Berkley: As far as our loss activity?
Ian Gutterman: Yes, the strong losses on the reinsurance segment?
Robert Berkley: Yes, honestly, it was give or take in line with our expectations.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Unfortunately, it would seem as though the fire alarm is going off in our building. And as a result of that, we are going to have to cut the call a little bit short, so please accept our apologies. Obviously, if you have further questions, by all means feel free to reach out to Karen, to Rich, myself and we will be pleased to answer those questions. And again, from our perspective on a relative basis, we think the results were pretty good given the circumstances. And finally, we are well-positioned if the market conditions change as we think they might take full advantage of it. Thank you again for calling in. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkley - CEO & President William Berkley - Executive Chairman Gene Ballard - EVP Rich Baio - CFO
Analysts: Arash Soleimani - KBW Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Howard Flinker - Flinker Co Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Robert Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2016, and other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. Robert Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Robert Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Bruce, thank you very much and good afternoon all. Thank you for calling in this afternoon. Let me just clarify something to avoid any misunderstanding. The name of the company is still W. R. Berkley Corporation and I am still Robert Berkley. We have not changed the name of the company and I am still employed at least for the moment. So on this end of the phone as in the past, we have our Executive Chairman who the business is named after Bill Berkley, we also have Gene Ballard, our Executive Vice President and Rich Baio our Chief Financial Officer joining. So the agenda for the call, similar to what we've done in the past I'm going to start out with some macro comments and thought if you will. On the industry I'll give you a few sound bites on my take on our quarter and then I am going to hand it over to Rich to give you some color at a more granular level. So the insurance market clearly going through a time of transition from our perspective. Without a doubt there is a grown ground swell of competition. You can see it manifesting itself in a couple of difference ways. A couple of macro observations will be the standard markets, particularly national carrier seems to be expanding their appetite and spilling over into what a while had been viewed as specialty market exposure. We also are seeing a state-assigned risk plan beginning to depopulate, again as carriers are I guess expanding their appetite if you will. Having said that, at times like this when we are going through a period of transition where we believe knowledge and expertise is the great differentiator. When we see what's going on among some carriers out there that are new to certain product lines or new to parts of the market grown very aggressively it does make us pause and scratch our head as to how this will end for them and we think that we will be benefiting again from our knowledge expertise and experience. Getting a little more granular, specifically around workers compensation rating bureaus have and will continue looking for the foreseeable future to be taking rating action moving rates down which is a bit of a challenge or a further headwind. Casualty in general remains good and we are encouraged with the margin that generally speaking is available there. Property on the other hand continues to be concerning and professional is deteriorating a bit and that's something that we're paying close attention to. Commercial auto is clearly also improving, having said that we do not believe it has gotten to the point that it needs to get to for us to really want to start to open the -- if you will. The reinsurance market continues to be concerning to us and quite frankly from our perspective, we can't really offer any great insight into it other than the benign cat [indiscernible] environment has allowed people to benefit from that and that has been subsidizing the balance of their business. Few other macro comments from my perspective on the marketplace, overall. Certainly over the past several years we have seen more and more progress and to a certain extent chatter and buzz around data and analytics. More recently there have been new technologies that are developed and Ensure Tech has become sort of the flavor of the day to a certain extent. Having said this, we think all of these tools have great value and we are users of them and quite frankly we are investors in some Ensure Tech opportunities. Having said that for our perspective, when the day is all done these are just tools and ultimately how effective they are, how helpful they are will be determined by the people who are using them and the expertise that they have. Another macro observation would be that the industry is going through clearly what is going to be a different type of change then it has seen at least as long as we can remember. We are an industry that historically and today sell product to customers in the manner we sell them what we want and we give it to them the way we want to give it to them or distribute it the way we want to. It is our view that going forward over time you're going to see a bit of an evolution where customers are going to drive more and more what the product is and how it is distributed and the if you will buffer known as regulation that has kept much of this change from occurring today is also primed for a degree of change as regulators are becoming more in touch with the needs of society and looking to be responsive to that. Switching over to our quarter top-line stating the obvious presumably also in the release, our top-line was off about 5% that was primarily driven by the reinsurance business and more specifically by brand our domestic reinsurance treaty operation. We also had parts of the insurance business that faced a little bit of a either a headwind where the business shrink a little bit or more often than not it was what we would define as places where we did not like the margin in the business and we were just dialing it down a bit. Overall, we think that this is going to create opportunity for us from a margin perspective and we would view it as addition through a subtraction. A couple of other comments on the top-line if you will as it relates to rate. Rates increased by just shy of 1%, the renewal retention ratio was just short of 80% and the new business relativity was basically one for one. So in other words, our new business and our renewal business were basically trying out price equally. The loss ratio for the quarter coming in at 61.5% was partially negatively impacted by storms having said that well our definition of storms are -- which Rich will be talking about shortly was a little bit lighter than it was from the period, corresponding period last year weather related things to make up for that. Paid loss ratio came in at a 55.9%. And couple other comments the FX was off that we had. Couple of other comments as it relates to FX in particular was something that had a negative impact on the quarter to the tune of $7 million. As it relates to the expense ratio, we certainly saw improvement on the reinsurance front that was mainly due to an improvement in ceiling commissions on the other hand the insurance statement deteriorated a bit and that stems from some of the younger businesses or businesses that are still in their infancy and they aren't premium have not built yet. Couple of quick comments on the investment portfolio and Rich will be getting into this in more detail but the duration remains relatively short of 3 years compared to the duration of our reserve and the yield actually improved to about 20 basis points and again Rich is going to be covering that. One other piece that presented a bit of an issue for us in the quarter was the funds. From our perspective, the funds go up, the funds go down depending on the quarter. This quarter was negatively impacted by energy prices specifically oil and how it impacted the couple of equities that we own through funds. The gains came through in relatively meaningful way. Most of that was driven by a sale of health equity shares that we have. From our perspective gains are a meaningful part of our investment strategy and we have also announced that we will see great benefits coming through in the third quarter. I'm going to pause there and hand it over to Rich to get into the numbers in a little bit more detail.
Rich Baio: Thanks Rob, appreciate it. We've reported net income of $109 million or $0.85 cents per share which is unchanged from the prior year's quarter. Our total return investment strategy continues to pay off with pretax realized investment gains of $40 million for the quarter and $93 million year-to-date. Net investment income also increased 4.8% quarter-over-quarter, while year-to-date investment income rose 9.6%. In light of the increasingly competitive market conditions as Rob was alluding to, we're pleased with our pretax underwriting results of $76 million for the second quarter. This represents a small decline of $3 million from the prior year largely due to a more active combined catastrophe and non-cat weather related loss environment in the quarter. Certain areas in the market are too competitive to meet our risk adjusted returns and as a result, we've repositioned certain of our underwriting portfolio and managed our risk selection and exposures giving rise to a decline in our net premiums written of 4.8% to $1.56 billion. Much of this decline is attributed to the North American property casualty treaty reinsurance businesses as Rob referenced, where sources of capital are plentiful putting significant downward pressure on rate. Our reinsurance stagnant declined almost $53 million to $126 million in the quarter. The insurance segment experienced a small decline in net premiums written of 1.7% which was largely attributable to the exit of a few lines of business as certain operating unit due to the inadequate opportunities to achieve targeted risk adjusted returns. The accident year loss ratio before cast was 60.7% compared with 60.2% a year ago. About half of the difference relates to non-cat weather related losses which equated to 70 basis points in the current quarter. Cat losses declined $7.5 million from a year ago to $33 million. This translates into 2.1 loss points for 2017 compared with 2.6 loss points for 2016. Loss reserves developed favorably by $21 million or 1.3 loss points compared with $16 million or 1 loss point for the same period last year. Accordingly, our reported loss ratio improved from 61.8% a year ago to 61.5% for the current quarter. The expense ratio increased 50 basis points in total from the year ago quarter to 33.6%. The increase was primarily attributable to the addition of new operations in the insurance segment. In particular, cyber risk, Berkeley transactional insurance, and our recently announced charity and specialty commercial insurance businesses in Mexico. This brings our combined ratio to 95.1% for the current quarter compared with 94.9% for the second quarter of 2016. We're pleased with the performance of our investment portfolio, the core portfolio increased $14 million compared to a year ago led by fixed income securities with an annualized yield of 3.4%. Investment funds declined $9 million due to mark-to-market adjustments for energy funds. We've pointed out the potential variability that may arise in the fund performance on a quarterly basis is evidenced in the current quarter. However, the year-to-date results show that the fund is slightly higher in 2017 than 2016. And future variability will remain on a quarterly basis. Our non-insurance business earnings declined year-over-year due to the sale of Aero Precision Industries in August of 2016. The remaining investments are performing as expected and should generate favorable total returns for our shareholders. Foreign currency movements, especially sterling contributed to a foreign exchange loss in the quarter of $7 million that compares to a gain in the prior year of $13 million following the Brexit vote. Our results quarter-over-quarter were most impacted by this $20 million shift in FX. We manage our foreign currency exposure than a long term economic basis taking into consideration numerous risk factors. Corporate expenses increased in the quarter, reflecting our investment in new business opportunities including our high net worth business. We expect the high net worth operation to begin underwriting business in the fourth quarter. When we move the business to the insurance segment, these expenses will be reflected in the underwriting expense ratio. At June 30, 2017 after-tax unrealized were $462 million, up about $35 million from the beginning of the year. This amount does not include the pre announced $120 million pretax realized investment gains to be recognized in the third quarter from the sale of the real estate investment. The after tax gain should contribute an additional $0.64 to book value per share in the third quarter. The average rating as Rob referenced was unchanged at double a minus and the average duration for the fixed income maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents remain at 3 years. Effective tax rate was 31.9% approximately 1 point higher than our historic run rate due to the disproportionate contribution of gains in the quarter at 35%. Our return on equity for the quarter on an annualized basis was 8.6% on the net income basis 12.7% on a pretax earnings basis. Book value per share increased $0.86 to $43.59 in the quarter representing an annualized increase of 8.1% after a special dividend of $0.50 per share declared in the second quarter. Thanks Rob.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Bruce, at this time we'd like to open it up for questions. And all four of us are here to try and answer any questions people may have on the quarter or beyond. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Your line is now open.
Arash Soleimani: Hi, good afternoon. Can you - the $21 million of favorable development. Can you break that out between insurance and reinsurance?
Robert Berkley: Yes, we typically don't go into that detail. But it will be in the queue.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And last call you had mentioned potentially seeing signs of increase in loss inflations. I just wanted to know if you can provide some updated thoughts around that please.
Robert Berkley: Honestly, I think we did talk about it last quarter and it's something that we're paying closer attention to. But it doesn't really move that much in a 90 day period. We certainly are conscious of some of the things I think we talked about last time around as to what we're seeing in the legal environment and the word is moving and that's something that we continue to pay attention to. Again, we wouldn't want to leap to one conclusion or another after a 90 day period. But it remains something that we are sensitive to.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. My last question, I know it's a smaller piece. But can you just provide a reminder what runs through the arbitrage trading account?
Robert Berkley: Rich you want to comment on that?
Rich Baio: We have a merger arbitrage trading account effective and we are only investing in announced transaction and those transactions generally are very short term in nature in terms of less than a four month period of time.
Arash Soleimani: Alright. Great. Thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Your lines are open.
Ryan Tunis: Hi, thanks. I guess my first question is just on the reinsurance premium growth. And I mean you guys said it was North American treaty, quotations are competitive. I guess the question is it seems like conditions have been pretty competitive there for several years and we've seen just kind of an acceleration of decline in premiums there in 2017. I guess sort of what is different now relative to maybe what you would have seen in 16, when you are into that?
Robert Berkley: I think what happens is that you get to a point where you say no more. And we are in the market every day, it's not that we are not in the market any longer, but we have a view as to what type of return we're willing to accept and we have a view as to how flexible we are prepared to be throughout the cycle. And once you get to a breaking point, we are prepared to say no more. We have a pretty straight forward view, we are in business to make money and if we don't think we can make good risk adjusted returns recognizing things such as relationship matter and you need to take a long term view throughout the cycle, but there is a breaking point there too. And in many of these situations that quite frankly are relationships or accounts that have moved away from us, because they can find cheap capacity that they can arbitrage and they are not looking to partner with. So we accept that reality.
Ryan Tunis: So as a longer term view of the attract ability of that business changed at all or should we just think about that right now?
Robert Berkley: No, we believe that the reinsurance business is still an attractive business and we are fully committed to it. Having said that, we also recognize some of the imperfections in the business and we are not going to expose capital in a manner that we don't think makes sense.
Ryan Tunis: Got you. And then just, I guess in primary insurance. I mean if you could just remind us, I think it was upward tick on the expense ratio from new business starts that's always been a Berkley thing to do the organic growth of that. I am just curious over a longer time period, if we were to look back, three to five years some timeframe, what percentage of your premium today comes from those types of new business starts? I am just kind of trying to get a feel for how significant all of this today in the expense headwind, what that could be in the future in terms of your overall NPW? Thanks.
Robert Berkley: Well the businesses that we have and their instance that are having a negative impact on the expense ratio and I think Rich mentioned them earlier combined with some of the things that we have in the incubator if you like that are contributing to the corporate expense line. Our view is depending on what the horizon that you'd like to use. Those businesses will contribute premium certainly in less than five years will be literally 100's and 100's of millions of dollars of premium would be our expectation.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you. That's alright.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you. First question on investment side, your investment fund return are reported on lag basis is that right?
Robert Berkley: Correct. Quarterly, most of the funds are in a quarterly lag.
Kai Pan: Do you have any other indication for the third quarter?
Robert Berkley: You know, I think that we don't provide those numbers or that type of guidance. But as suggested earlier obviously we have some exposure to energy I'm sure you have a sense as to where energy prices are just like everybody else.
Kai Pan: Okay. That's great and then on your realized gains it looks like $40 million this quarter and next quarter it's going to be $120 million or more and so that's kind of run rate even though there volatility from quarter-to-quarter way above your $100 million kind of guidance you talked about in the past.
Robert Berkley: That's correct but as we've also talked about in the past, it's lumpy right and we've accepted that lumpiness which doesn't always suit people who are in your line of business that are trying to predict. But ultimately while we're interested in and what you're trying to do you know we work for the shareholders and are focused on the total return. So the run rate is up substantially this year as mentioned in the prior release and Rich referenced as well and I tried to reference when I was choking before. We're going to have a big game coming through in the third quarter and between what we've had so far this year as well as what's coming through in the third quarter it is going to be a big year for us, but again it is going to be lumpy. Having said that, I think it is our general view that what you see on our balance sheet those not fully reflect at all the gains that we see that exist in our investment portfolio.
William Berkley: This is Bill, I think that it's important to understand. How equity represents a substantial part of our unrealized gains and is in fact reflected on our balance sheet. Most of the gains we have shown come from other non-securities kinds of gains. That our businesses we own that we bought with the purpose of settling, real estate that we own and other kinds of non-securities transaction. So they're not mark-to-market on the balance sheet, those who carry it - until we realize it. So as we've discussed in the past, there's quite a few $100 millions of unrealized gains that aren't reflected on the balance sheet, but that will come through. So for example the building we sold was already on the balance sheet the gain wasn't reflected. We expect that there are other things like that will come through over the next year or 2 or 3 or 4.
Kai Pan: That's great Bill, can you talk a little bit more about the market based on the investment side are you more on a hovering mode in monetizing the gains or basically do you see potentially downside in the market?
William Berkley: The kinds of things that we've invested in are long term investment, that everything reaches its peak at a different time. So it's a great time to harvest today in New York may not be a great time in Washington or in Florida or someplace. So I think that there's no generality we give. So private equity business -- we kept a lot of our shares. Every private equity investment, every real estate investment, every kind of investment like that has no cycle and it's not a mode of harvesting whatever. We've been doing this for a while some of them have matured and have good opportunities and some of them we'll keep for an extended period of time.
Kai Pan: Okay. The following question is on the underwriting side. You saw some of the spend that carriers they talking about the pricing stabilize or even increase at the same time you're talking more about the growing premiums at the same time you saw increase in competition in the marketplace and you are shrinking your premiums. I just try to compare and contrast to see if you can provide any more details?
William Berkley: Sure. So for starters I think it's important to understand that one needs to use a very fine brush. So there are parts of our business, particularly in the insurance segment where we are growing and we're seeing great opportunity. There are other parts of our business that we are contracting and there are few isolated situations where we have decided to withdraw from a particular class or a particular line of business in a particular geography. I think from my perspective, the market is not a situation where the bottom has fallen out I think that there are still meaningful opportunities and particularly in the insurance space. Having said that, I think there is no doubt that it is becoming more competitive and I think that the rate that people are getting in the auto space is to a certain extent overshadowing some of the challenges that people face when it comes to rate and other product lines. Workers compensation would be an example of that. So, I'm not aware or in touch exactly with what other people are doing I just know what we see in the marketplace and I think that there are still clearly opportunities and there are ways for us to grow our business but there are parts in the marketplace that are without a doubt more challenging today than they were yesterday.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much for all the answers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Flinker from Flinker Company. Your line is now open.
Howard Flinker: Good afternoon. Hello?
Operator: Howard your line is now open.
Howard Flinker: Can you hear me?
Robert Berkley: Yes, thank you.
Howard Flinker: I'm going to remind you of what terrific position you guys made a few years ago and then I'm going to ask what you see. Right after - blew up in the Gulf of Mexico, you guys decided that it was time to provide coverage and what was the marketplace that was probably ripe with scared underwriters. And of course rates went up a lot right after you start writing business. What do you see now, I'm just curious. I'm comparing a rising demand from activity in the oil business, I guess rising supply of too many people from our business plowing money into the property and casualty side. So back to the oil business, what do you see just generally?
Robert Berkley: What do we see in the oil business as it relates to the insurance industry serving the oil industry?
Howard Flinker: Yes.
Robert Berkley: We find it to be at this moment in time exceptionally competitive. Particularly the offshore is very competitive, having said that there are signs that it is bottoming out. Obviously the health and the prosperity of the insurers in the oil and gas industry have an impact on the opportunity for the insurance industry that's serving them.
Howard Flinker: So that's kind of a barometer what's going on in the rest of the business when you went into certain sectors as supply was short and prices favored you. Now supply is plentiful and prices aren't as good. Is that a fair assessment?
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that again one needs to use a finer brush. From our perspective we are in the marketplace every day trying to offer continuity in the market and there are moments in time that the market moves away from us because if the others are willing to offer a product at a cheaper price and oftentimes over time that will move back to us.
Howard Flinker: Okay thanks.
Robert Berkley: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your lines are open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks couple ones here for you Rob.
Robert Berkley: Hi Brian. Good afternoon.
Brian Meredith: Yes. The workers compensation insurance growth that you guys are seeing in 8% is that new accounts of that wage inflation that you're seeing in comp given the competitive pricing environment?
Robert Berkley: It's a combination of both. Part of it is underlying wages going up and also my comments again tend to deal with a very broad brush. So there are parts of the workers comp market that we think remain exceptionally attractive. I think if you go back to years ago one didn't need to use such a fine brush, you could write more of a quota share if you will on the comp market overall and you do okay. These days you can't do that, you need to use a laser. But there are parts of the market that we still find very attractive.
Brian Meredith: Excellent. And then Rob, I want to talk a little bit more on a little bit on your comment about the national accounts kind of getting into the carriers getting specialty. Are you referring to basically then relaxing some of their underwriting standards here and taking a non-standard risk and making standard or are they actually getting into specialty areas?
Robert Berkley: If seen from my perspective, we're seeing them broaden their appetite having retracted over a few years. And now they're stepping back in and broadening their appetite. It's not that they're necessarily starting a new venture so to speak and going into the specialty space as much as standard line underwriters seems to be spreading their wings a little bit and broadening their appetite. Which we've seen in the past and I suspect we'll see again in the future, but that is the one of the leading indicators that makes one wonder where the market is going.
Brian Meredith: Thanks Rob, appreciate it.
Operator: Now we have a follow up of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you for fitting in for the follow-ups. The first one is on the capital management. It looks like you prefer now to using specialty events rather than share buybacks. I just wonder your capital management sort of strategies do you feel is particularly because of the stock valuation or something else?
William Berkley: We go on opportunistic direction as you know. We try to measure what we can do with returns. What we do with stock buyback or whether within sidelines for expanding the business in one way or the other. And it's a constant evaluation of what there is and Rob and I generally sit down and make that assessment. And it's just a constant evaluation of what's going on and certainly it's impacted by the number of realized gains which add immediate additional capital to our financial statements even more than we would expect in our ordinary operating.
Kai Pan: Okay. Last one on the expense ratio -- be higher in the insurance operation, I just wonder will that be kind of steady state for now or it can drift a little bit higher as you are making some new investment in the new initiatives and before it is coming down when you have leverage in the new business?
Robert Berkley: So I think that's really going to be driven by a couple of things, when we have pieces moving in both directions. One piece is that some of the businesses that Rich had mentioned as well as others they will be getting a critical mass over time and there aren't premium well build and you will see them become less of a drag over time. On the other hand as suggested in Berkeley One being an example that is going to be shifting over from corporate expense into the expense ratio in all likelihood we would expect in the fourth quarter as it becomes operational. So long story short, I would expect the impact in the fourth quarter from Berkeley One will offset or perhaps offset and then some benefits that we get from the existing businesses leveraging their expenses.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much for your time.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing now further questions.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you very much all for joining us. From our perspective, it was a very a quarter that by and large was in line with our expectations as far as the lost activity goes, the top line I think is just a reflection of our underwriting discipline and our commitment to deploy capital in a manner that we think makes sense as I was suggesting earlier. We do think that the actions that we're taking now are going to have a meaningful impact on our underwriting margin as these actions begin to earn through. And when the day is all done, we are very focused on one thing and that is risk adjusted returns and how we apply that to our underwriting activities as well as our investment activity. So thank you again for calling and we will speak with you in 90 days. Thank you, Bruce.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today conference. And this does conclude the program, now you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkley - CEO & President William Berkley - Executive Chairman Gene Ballard - EVP Rich Baio - CFO
Analysts: Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Amit Kumar - Macquarie Arash Soleimani - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Bob Farnum - Boenning & Scattergood
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference call is being recorded. The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitations, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2016, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. W. Robert Berkley, Jr. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Valarie, and good afternoon and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me on this end of the phone is William Berkley, our Chief Executive -- excuse me former Chief Executive Officer, Executive Chairman, I almost give up my title there for a moment, Gene Ballard, our Executive Vice President; and Rich Baio, our Chief Financial Officer. So the agenda is consistent with what we've done over the past few calls is I'm going to kick it off with some general highlights from the quarter, both as to what we see going on in the market as well as a couple of observations on our quarter then I'm going to relatively quickly hand it over to Rich to run you through our results for the quarter in a bit more detail. So at a macro level, generally speaking while some would suggests the bloom is off the rose to a certain extent with market conditions. While clearly things may not be as rosy as they were about a year ago from our perspective, things are not withering on the vine at all, in fact there are many opportunities. By example, workers' compensation from our perspective for those that have appropriate skills and expertise are able to navigate a more competitive market and still find opportunities that offer great margin. And quite frankly from our perspective, pricing in the first quarter in many of the parts of the markets that we participate remain better than we have budgeted or expected. Professional, very broad space some lines within the space are very competitive such as parts of the D&O market as well as some of the medical classes in particular. Having said that, we continue to be able to find opportunities within the professional lines that we think are exceptionally attractive. And by extension you can see some of the growth that we had in the quarter. And no, we're not going to be specific as to the lines that we think offer those great margins. Much of the shorter tail lines are very challenged from our perspective nothing new there, property and marine, offshore energy, much of the A&H space, a very challenged to say the least. And perhaps in part is what's leading some of the noise that you hear coming out of the London market and how that market is grappling with quite a few issues and some pain. Speaking of pain, reinsurance market, it remains from our perspective a bit of a mess, unfortunately every time you see a bit of a spark of sanity it seems like it gets stomped out or extinguished pretty quickly. A few other macro topics. Certainly one of the topics is your Ogden table the change that came out of the UK as it relates to the discount rate. This let me pause here to think about the right way to phrase it. This is a concerning situation, it's a concerning situation because when you see policymakers make this type of change, where there will be a retroactive impact, it creates great challenges for all of us in trying to achieve what presumably was a shared goal that goal being offering a consistent and predictable market for the good of society and all stakeholders. It struck us as a bit odd after the discount rate having been left in the same spot for approximately a decade and a half through financial crisis and beyond for event to be adjusted to the extent that it was not just prospectively but retroactively as well. Another head scratcher as it relates to the Ogden tables would be when you look at the projections for the impacts of the industry, seeing the number 6 billion, seeing the number 7 billion thrown around, but when you compare that to what the announcements have been by industry participants as it relates to the impact on their numbers, you're coming up with a small fraction relative to what the projected economic impact is projected to be for the industry. Few other macro topics, claim trends, something I think we talked about on the last call or the call before that. We continue to be cognizant and very aware of what the impact of eight years of Washington being somewhat controlled by individuals and a group that are historically friendly to the plaintiff bar. I think it's not perfectly clear what the impact would be. Having said that we are seeing early signs that the trickledown effect may be there and we'll only know for sure with time. Two other quick ones, distribution another topic I think we've touched on in the past. It is concerning to us how the tension between carriers and distribution continues to be on the rise. The fighting over pennies on the dollar of commission seems to be getting in the way of the macro challenge and macro opportunity. Distribution and carriers working together to bring greater value to ultimately insurers or customers, if you like. The fact of the matter is that customers are demanding greater transparency; customers want greater clarity as to what the value proposition is; and by and large we as an industry as opposed to focusing on those needs are somewhat wrestling amongst ourselves as opposed to trying to address what really needs to be addressed for the long-term. One other quick macro topic, I'll highlight and again one I think we've touched on in the past alternative capital. As we suggested on prior calls, we think that this is here to stay, it will continue to evolve. There's no doubt that the relationship with capital and expertise will continue to evolve. And again we're paying close attention to this and trying to assess what this means for our business and are developing strategies for how we think to take advantage of this evolution. But regardless of the source of capital and how it presents itself, I think what will not change is the need for that capital will have for having expertise manager. Couple of quick comments from the quarter and again I'll keep it brief because Rich is going to get you into the weed. Top-line impacted just fundamentally by underwriting discipline. It was particularly evident in the reinsurance segment and Rich will give you some more detail on that. But as we suggested to you in the past, we're not in a business of issuing insurance policies or issuing reinsurance treaties, we are in the business of managing capital and making a good risk adjusted return. When the opportunity is there, we will take what we believe is full advantage of it. When it isn't we will not be deploying our shareholders capital in a way that we view is less than responsible. Loss ratio we touched on Ogden earlier, we certainly felt that. In addition to that, while our CAT number was relatively benign compared to perhaps some of the announcements that you've heard from others, we did have somewhat I would define short tail losses, some of that was related to weather but didn't trigger our definition of CAT that being PCF. And some of it was not related to weather at all. So I would not overreact if I were you to the current accident year. Expense ratio, again Rich is going to give you some details on this, negatively impacted by some businesses that we've started recently. Some of those you presumably are clearly aware of because the press releases we have done, some of them are businesses or new operations that we started within new businesses so the clarity may not be there to the same extent. To make a long story short the businesses that are three years old or less impacted our expense ratio to the tune -- or negatively our expense ratio to the tune of approximately 60-ish basis points or so in a moment Rich will correct me if I'm wrong but that's my recollection. In addition to that as we've suggested in the past I think Berkley One was the example that we used but we do have some other businesses that are in the incubator, if you like, where they are not operational those expenses we hold in the corporate expense line and that negatively impacted corporate expense to the tune of a few million dollars. I think something that we've touched on in the past with, with many of you and I won't let the opportunity go by without highlighting it. Much of our business has been and will continue to be built on organic growth. Many of our counterparts in the industry build the business in part through organic growth but heavily based on acquisitions. When they make acquisitions, they pay a premium to book value if you like and that goodwill sits on their balance sheet indefinitely. In our case the equivalent of goodwill we effectively much of that we expense as we are starting these businesses from scratch. I highlighted because it is a difference and it does impact our earnings and ultimately our economic model over at least in the short run and as long as we continue to build business this way. Finally, investment portfolio kudos to colleagues in that part of the organization continued to enjoy capital gains coming through. I think, as we suggested in release we're on target to meet or more likely than not perhaps exceed the target that we put forth which as you may recall is give or take about 100 million bucks a year call it 25 million a quarter, Rich is going to give you a little bit more color on the gains or gains that we had in the quarter. In addition to that, our funds performed particularly well and Rich will give you a little more color on that front also. Finally, just on that topic duration shortened up a little bit but I -- he is kind of nodding his head at me which kind of means I'm starting to tread on his turf. So I will pause there and I want to hand it over to Rich, once Rich is done you'll have the four of us at your disposal to answer any questions that you may have. Rich?
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks Rob. Appreciate it. For the first quarter, we reported net income of $123 million or $0.96 per share compared with the prior year's net income of $120 million or $0.93 per share. Due to our focus on total return from an investment perspective and how we manage the business, we have decided to discontinue reporting operating earnings beginning with this quarter. Net income grew approximately 3% due primarily to an increase in pre-tax net realized investment gain of $45 million and pre-tax net investment income of $19 million. Those increases were partially offset by lower underwriting income which was due to a $30 million increase in prior accident year reserves for the change in the Ogden discount rate that Rob had mentioned. The effect of which was approximately $0.17 per share. We reported lower income from non-insurance businesses largely due to the sale of Aero Precision's operations in August 2016 as well as higher start-up cost associated with new operations including our previously announced high net worth business and higher interest expense due to the repositioning of our capital structure we undertook in the first half of 2016. Overall, our net premiums written decreased by 1% to slightly less than $1.65 billion, the insurance segment grew about 1% to approximately $1.5 billion, while the reinsurance segment declined 17% to $153 million. The growth in the insurance segment was due to increases of 9% for professional liability, 7% for workers' compensation, and 4% for commercial automobile. On the other hand, short tail lines and other liability decreased in the quarter due to competitive pressures. For the reinsurance segment, the ongoing competition and inadequate REIT environment has limited the company's ability to achieve acceptable risk adjusted returns for certain business and accordingly net premiums written in both property and casualty have declined over the comparable period. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to deploying capital on a risk adjusted basis. The accident year loss ratio before CAT losses and excluding the change in the Ogden discount rate was 59.8% compared with 60.2% a year ago. The reduction in the Ogden discount rate gave rise to an increase of 1.9 loss ratio points in the quarter. CAT losses were $14.5 million or $1 million lower than the prior year's quarter. This represented 0.9 loss points in first quarter 2017 compared with one loss point in 2016. Loss reserves developed favorably by $2 million or 0.2 loss points compared with $12 million or 0.8 loss points for the same period a year ago. That gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 62.4% including the impact of Ogden an increase of two loss points from a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the first quarter of 2017 was 33.3% compared to 33.1% in the first quarter of 2016. The insurance segment expense ratio increased four-tenths of a point to 32.9% due to the addition of new operation and new product offerings like transactional insurance and professional casualty line by existing companies. We have also expanded in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. The reinsurance segment expense ratio decreased 1.4 percentage points to 37% due primarily to lower acquisition costs. In pure dollar terms, the underwriting expenses decreased by 5.9% while net premiums earned decreased by 2.4% quarter-over-quarter. That brings our combined ratio to 95.7% for the first quarter 2017 compared with 93.5% for the same quarter a year ago, most of the differential relates to the change in the Ogden discount rate. Investment income increased approximately 14% or $19 million to $149 million resulting from a couple main contributors. First, income from fixed income securities was up about $6 million to $108 million with an annualized yield of 3.2%; and second, income from the investment funds increased $10 million dollars compared with the year ago quarter, which is primarily attributable to investments in energy related funds. At March 31, 2017 after-tax unrealized investment gains are $418 million relatively unchanged from the beginning of the year. The average rating was also unchanged at AA minus and the average duration for fixed income maturity securities including cash and cash equivalents decreased from 3.1 years at year-end 2016 to three years at the end of the current quarter. The effective tax rate was 32.4% primarily due to higher net investment gains and a lower proportion of tax exempt interests to pre-tax income in the quarter. That gives us net income of $123 million and an overall return on equity of 9.8% on an annualized basis, and for comparison purposes, a pre-tax return on equity of 14.5%. Book value per share increased $1.08 to $42.73 in the quarter representing an annualized increase of 10.4%. Thanks Rob.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Okay, Valarie, if we could open it up for questions that will be great.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Two questions. One that go through when you're setting the development numbers did those include or exclude the Ogden numbers, maybe we can just repeat that again I realize you said but just trying to figure that out.
Robert Berkley: The net development of positive $2 million that did include the impact of Ogden.
Josh Shanker: Right. And second so I noticed that obviously there is about a 4% increase in premium volume in commercial auto my guess is that positive rate but probably some negative exposure, I'm wondering if you can talk about where the market is in commercial auto, this is a baseball game, how many more years and how far do we need to get adequate?
Robert Berkley: Well your comment towards the beginning there that yes we're getting a fair amount of rate certainly more than the growth and by extension the exposure is going the other way. From our perspective, Josh, it depends how quite frankly how hard the market gets and how quickly that that happens. So from our perspective, we continue to shrink the business and demand additional rates. There are others out there that are doing the same thing but we don't think that they are going as far as is required. As we are going to write business that we think is adequately priced to the extent that it's not there, we won't write the business.
Josh Shanker: And do you have a view on how much further the market needs to go before it becomes generally attractive?
Robert Berkley: Josh I'm not going to get into specific rate needs but I would suggest using a very broad brush, the market needs more ways than it is generally speaking obtaining today but obviously the commercial auto space is a pretty big space, so it one would need to use a finer brush than I'm using.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: So just follow-up on the reserve leases, if you take out the Ogden rate charge of $30 million, so your underlying reserve release is like something like $32 million per quarter is that right?
Robert Berkley: That's correct.
Kai Pan: It's much bigger than the previous quarters; I just wonder could you give a little bit more detail on which line and which accident year you are coming from?
Robert Berkley: Yes, we will have some of that disclosure, I guess, Rich, in the Q, but that's typically not the level of granularity that we're going to get into on the call at this stage. I would tell you that we looked at our reserves every 90 days. We look at them at a very granular level. We had peer reviews done and we take it very seriously. Obviously when we think about how we reserve our business, we take into accounts potential exposures for the unforeseen events, and that is something that is contemplated.
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Then second question on your net realized gains, so you're on track to exceed $100 million for this year. I just wonder how much unrealized gains on your book as well as those not on your book that potentially could be materialized or monetized over time. And in the current environment where do you find investment opportunities?
William Berkley: I think that -- this is Bill; I think that there are lots and lots of opportunities. And we follow accounting rules to reflect unrealized gains that show on our balance sheet and that don't. So health equity which now shows on our balance sheet until we got under 20% we had $400 plus million of unrealized gains that didn't show on our balance sheet because those are the accounting rules. We own real estate that we carry at cost because that that's how you do it. And we think that, that there's substantial unrecognized value in most if not all of our properties which in value were probably certainly is in the hundreds of millions of dollars. But you can't predict at any moment in time, if we could, we would because then we would have predictability and all of the analysts would love that predictability in a quarter-by-quarter basis. And the answer is though we have lots of unrecognized gains some that aren't at all reflected on our balance sheet and it's likely they will be realized over the next few years and hopefully we find new investments to create more opportunities. We do that in our private equity business. We do that in all parts of our investment portfolio. And at least as of this moment, we don't see anything that's causing us to believe that's not going to continue.
Kai Pan: Thanks Bill. Just follow-up on that do you feel the current environment is more of investing environment or more harvesting environment?
William Berkley: It's a continuous process. Today may be a harvesting environment and tomorrow may be an investing opportunity; it just depends on the opportunities that are presented. We don't know ahead of time, I sit and talk to someone about an opportunity and maybe we'll be able to take advantage of it and maybe we won't. But it's you look at a hundred things and three of them you invest in and one of them is terrific, one of them is okay, and one of them may not be really so great but it's a constant process. So I can't tell you that answer because it just, it changes all the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar, Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks and good evening. Two questions one I do want to go back to I guess Kai's question and I appreciate that we get the color in the Q but any broader color on the much higher than anticipated reserve release would be helpful.
William Berkley: And the answer is I think we will give you some clarity in the Q. We looked at our reserves on a quarterly basis and we felt comfortable with the release that you saw. I'm not sure what else there is to share with you. There is no different that we have done any other, other quarter. I would tell you that certainly when we think about setting our reserves and we think about IBNR, we do take into considerations what we would define as a risk margin for the unforeseen events. So again I think you will see more disclosure in the Q.
Amit Kumar: I guess what I was trying to ask is there wasn't anything unusual nothing one-timer in nature et cetera. I think that was -- may be I should have phrased the question differently.
William Berkley: I think -- not I think I know the answer to question is that we look at the numbers every 90 days and we try and make a judgment about what is appropriate.
Amit Kumar: Okay, let's move on to something else. And the second question is going back to I guess Mike's question on, on the margins. When you look at Rob, when you look at pricing versus I guess loss cost inflation in some of your largest lines. How should we think of the trajectory from here in terms of the overall marketplace and are we getting to the point where the inflection point is within sight or is it still challenging for the broader marketplace but relatively better for W.R. Berkley?
Rich Baio: Let's give you a little bit of a sense. So for starters by and large in the -- the casualty lines and the workers' comp lines trend is proving to be better than we had anticipated when we come up with our picks. Number two we're in many of these lines getting more rate than we had expected and our renewal retention ratio is intact. So speaking -- using again a bit of a broad brush we as a group in our insurance business got something just shy of 2% of rate in the quarter with our renewal retention ratio continuing to sort of hangout in that somewhere between 78% and 82% or so. So the book and the integrity of the book we believe remains strong and you can see that in the renewal retention ratio combined with the rate. And by extension we think the margin that we're achieving during my comments on trend remains give or take flattish there is some lines of business that quite frankly we think the margins are improving and there are other lines of business where clearly we're concerned about the margin. I think you could use the reinsurance segment as an example of that. We are concerned consequently it's shrinking.
Amit Kumar: Fair enough. I'll stop here and Rich thanks for the answers and good luck for the future.
Rich Baio: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani of KBW. Your line is open.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. I know this has been asked, I just want to confirm so the net number for development is $2 million favorable right?
William Berkley: Correct.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, thanks. And my other question that the comment you made about the last eight years and the impact that could have. So is that should we take away from that again with a broad brush, are you sort of saying that favorable development should be expected to decline as a result of that.
William Berkley: Not necessarily. What I'm suggesting is something a bit more macro and we have not reached any conclusions. It's just a general observation that you've had much of Washington being controlled by people that are friendly to the plaintiff bar and as many of those people play a role in setting policy and appointing judges and over the time we can see that tickle through.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And do you have any updated thoughts I guess now kind of again in the -- talking politics a little bit but are you more favorable or less favorable in terms of what you expect for some sort of border adjustment tax to pass?
Robert Berkley: Well I -- my two cents is yes there's questions around border adjustment but that doesn't mean there won't be tax reform that impacts the industry but fortunately for me and all of us on the call, we have our in-house experts joining us this evening.
William Berkley: I think ultimately our tax issue is really right in the process of the administration where the administration has recognized there are many areas most especially I think insurance industry where our tax laws have been twisted to favor non-domestic companies it's clear for us in the insurance industry where companies write United States business and reinsurer offshore and do not pay their fair share of taxes. Many companies do it and in fact virtually all domestic reinsures have moved offshore. We're one industry that we understand. But similar advantages have been created by many companies where they do business here and find ways to move their income offshore. We believe this administration wants to focus on those kinds of things and therefore we think we have a much improved opportunity to level the playing field.
Arash Soleimani: All right. Thank you for that answer. And are you able to disclose what the contribution of Berkley One was for the expense ratio this quarter?
Robert Berkley: Well it doesn't come through on our expense ratio, it does comes through in corporate expense as you may recall, businesses that are not operational we hold those expenses at the parent company and I think it was somewhere between two and three million bucks for the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Thank you. Two questions. I guess first may be the shorter one, commercial auto for the first time in three quarters those premiums began to move higher, is that business becoming more reasonably priced given the amount of rate increases you've had over the past couple of years?
Robert Berkley: Sorry, Jay, you broke up on the first part of the question, would you mind repeating that, I just want to make sure I got the whole thing. Apologies.
Jay Cohen: No, no, no commercial auto, is this the first time you have seen in five quarters with the premiums grew year-over-year is that business becoming more reasonable?
Robert Berkley: I think that we are finding parts of the commercial auto space attractive. I would tell you that the growth is really driven by rate increase, and as mentioned earlier, our exposure is down, so the rate is up even more than perhaps comes through. Is it adequate? We are talking about a big part of the market in one breath there are parts of the market where we are seeing the rates reach adequate, there are parts of the market where we just sit back and shake our head and wonder what it is that they seem to know or don't know that we don't get. So I would tell you Jay it's one of the advantages of being a specialty player. You can bob and you can weave and figure out where you want to participate and that can evolve. But I would tell you, if you want to talk about just a general commercial lines marketplace, there's still ways to go. And we've been surprised quite frankly by some of the national carriers in particular that are -- had backed away and now seem to be coming in at nowhere to write some pretty good sized fleets which have really left us scratching our head. So again, I think that there is opportunity there but one needs to be careful.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Second question you mentioned in your early remarks about alternative capital and you're watching developments there. As you think about new capital coming into the business, alternative capital are you thinking more about managing third-party capital or simply using it somehow to get rid of risk?
Robert Berkley: Well I think that we are considering lots of different approaches to using potentially other capital than just what sits on our balance sheet. I don't believe we envision our organization not having a meaningful balance sheet in the future, at the same time clearly there are large pools of capital in the world that seem to have a different hurdle rate than what our view of a hurdle rate is and have also a desire to participate in the marketplace, the insurance marketplace to be more specific. And to the extent that we can bring value to those the capital through utilizing our expertise, we are open to that. Now whether that be done through something like reinsurance or whether we manage someone else's capital in a more permanent way, we are open to in considering lots of different concepts of the approach that several carriers have taken already. But I think our priority versus some others may be possibly a bit different. We look for things in more perhaps permanent manner than a temporary manner.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi thank you. First numbers question, Rich, do you have the pay loss ratio?
Rich Baio: I do, it's 55.5%.
Ian Gutterman: Great, thank you. Rob, if I can follow-up on the comments earlier about loss trends and judicial changed in so forth, I guess related to the judiciary changes are you also seeing changes in Jury behavior, I think that's at least on the commercial auto aside anecdotally it seems that's been part of the story is just Juries are more populist if you will are -- are we seeing that spread at all?
Robert Berkley: We have seen, I think the industry has seen a gradual increase in severity coming out of court rooms certainly in the commercial auto space, it's hard to understand the trend specifically certainly during the financial crisis, we actually were surprised by what happened with loss trends and they proved to be a bit more benign than we would have expected in certain lines. But clearly more recently, I think the industry is experiencing an increasing severity trend coming out of Jury awards, we will have to see how that plays out over time and somewhat is adjunct to the Ogden discussion or other situations. Ultimately what ends up happening and I think often times is forgotten society overall pays the price because all the industry does is redistribute that expense back to society and it just rears its head ultimately in the premiums everyone else pays.
Ian Gutterman: Great. Of course, of course does it also suggests that that excess writers especially maybe excess writers who used to pay higher up are sort of creeping down are those the guys more likely to get caught on that kind of severity?
Robert Berkley: Not necessarily certainly attachment point is important always has been for those that are excess writers. But I think ultimately risk selection is paramount important as well but clearly once upon a time a $1 million loss in a commercial auto space was very exceptional, it's not as much the exception anymore as it once was.
Ian Gutterman: Right, okay.
Robert Berkley: In other words the definition of severity, I think continues to evolve.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly, exactly. And then if I could just add one more quick one, there was a footnote in the press release about moving a couple lines of business I think was some insurance to reinsurance just curious what those were or maybe it's not just big a deal, I'm just curious?
William Berkley: No, I don't think it's a big deal but Rich you want to just comment on it.
Rich Baio: Sure. We have the participation in Lloyds Syndicate that is in the reinsurance business for property and casualty. So we moved that over and then we also had an assumed reinsurance business in the workers' comp space that we also moved over from the insurance segment to the reinsurance segment relatively small.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. It didn't look like other than obviously the premiums look like it affected the ratios that much is that correct?
Rich Baio: Correct.
Robert Berkley: Yes, it was really more of a housekeeping thing for us for purposes of clarity, we thought we should have all the reinsurance where it is and not be pre-occupied with internal reporting and more the nature of the business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hi thanks. Just I guess on NPW growth in insurance, listening to Rob talk it seemed like a mixed bag from a growth standpoint but we saw -- we saw growth I guess continue to decelerate there. Any indication of how much some of the new business objectives like the Berkley One contributed to the 1% growth rate?
Robert Berkley: Sure. Well Berkley One it's not operational, they have written zero premium and we don't expect they will be operational probably until the fourth quarter. So they are great contributors to the organization just not in the premium line yet. And as we have few other operations that would fall in that category where they are sort of irons in the fire in addition to that we have some businesses again that as commented about the impact on the expense ratio that are operational but at this stage are dilutive to the overall and are just beginning to get momentum. I understand that perhaps the underlying question is how to actually figure out what your growth is going to be or our growth is going to be going forward. And I guess my response is to tell me what market conditions are going to be and I can tell you what the growth rate is likely to be. So again we have -- the reason for my comment about not leaping to any conclusions as to this being a new norm for insurance growth, one is because hard to know market conditions are going to be; but two, we have a fair number of things in the hopper that are going to be coming online sort of gradually over the next 12 months or so which certainly over the next 12 to 24 and into 36 months could be very meaningful contributors to the top-line and we would expect the bottom-line as well.
Ryan Tunis: Okay, that's helpful. And then my follow-up I guess was just sort of philosophical around the decision to get rid of the operating income definition.
Robert Berkley: Yes.
Ryan Tunis: So yes I mean I understand the positives with the realized gains that don't get counted but I guess historically we thought about Berkley is having more steady results, lot of peers because of the amount of casualty business you guys write. I guess just curious how you weighed those offsets and thinking about going to the net income model.
Robert Berkley: So a couple of things. One I think that it's worth noting that we were trying to send a message as you referenced that we think about running the business from a risk adjusted return perspective we think about total return, we think about how we're building value, book value for shareholders. As far as the comment around consistency of results it is certainly our expectation and hopefully as yours as well that our underwriting results will continue to be predictable and consistent as you suggested that has been the view historically. At the same time as we've discussed and you're as aware as we are, we have taken some steps from as it relates to the investment portfolio to with some respect really again being focused on the total return and not just being preoccupied with the operating income number and traditional investment income because again when we've talked to shareholders the message that we've received from them is that is what is a priority. So they change in how we report is merely us sending a message to you and others that this is how we are thinking about it, this is how our board is thinking about it, and in part this is how we've been asked to think about it or we are in agreement with our shareholders. Having said all of that we don't think that we've created quite the enigma or puzzle for anyone to and we certainly are not trying to be anything but transparent. So if you look at the fourth bullet points under the highlights it's pretty straightforward math to back into an operating income number. So again it's not that we are trying to be difficult or anything but transparent at the same time, we are trying to share with you and others how we think about the business.
Ryan Tunis: That's helpful. I guess since we do have to think about that line just a little bit more I guess. I guess Rob's comments that are being ahead of pace for the 100 mill should we take that to just be a fact of the fact that you did 52 this quarter and we would have expected 25 or was that a broader comment about visibility into the harvesting pipeline.
Robert Berkley: I think the way that you should think about it is just as my boss is suggested to in the past give or take you should expect something in the neighborhood of $100 million a year that run rate sort of divide by four is going to get to the $25 million a quarter and the reality is it's going to be lumpy and there may be some years as we have had in the past where we exceed that and some years where we come up short. I appreciate given one of the objectives that you have that that doesn't help you from a modeling perspective and we are sensitive to that but ultimately our charges to create value for shareholders. Yes, as we -- just one last thing obviously as you suggested in the release while not to count any chicks before they hatch, at the same time certainly things are pointed in the direction again as we suggested that we will and we will likely to exceed the targeted number.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Berkley: Good evening.
Arash Soleimani: Good evening just had a couple follow-ups. So I know that the $30 million Ogden charge and so is it reasonable to expect going forward then that the current estimated loss rate should be higher in reinsurance.
Robert Berkley: Not necessarily. I think we tried to fully anticipate what the impact of Ogden would be. And ultimately we've addressed that with the charge or the development more specifically that we took in that part of the business. So I would suggest that you not lead to that conclusion at all.
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And then on the --
Robert Berkley: Actually one other comment that I should add to that is in fact it maybe possibly one of the green shoots and there aren't many in the reinsurance space that may serve actually as a catalyst for improved market conditions as well as the insurance market.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. That makes sense. And then if so, again if we exclude the CAT in the $2 million favorable that comes up for core loss ratio about 61.6% versus 60.2% last year, I know you said some of that is from weather losses or short-tail losses that didn't meet the threshold for a CAT. Can you just quantify how much those contributed to the loss ratio this quarter? I'm just trying to get a --
Robert Berkley: Honestly I don't have the dollars in front of me, if you won't mind giving Rich a call at your convenience he can -- or Karen, either one of them, they can get you that detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you for the follow-up. Just on buybacks, there are no buybacks for the quarter, I just wonder what's it behind that decision is that you compare with your investment opportunities or is your stock prices less attractive?
Robert Berkley: I think as we've suggested in the past when we have to the extent that we have excess capital we have three obvious alternatives one is to repurchase shares, two is repurchase debt, three is to pay a special dividend. There's we're very conscious of our capital structure, we are very conscious of having the optimal amount of capital as far as the specifics around which trigger we choose to pull that's something that we discuss after we've done it. So again I don't think that there's a threshold or a specific detail that we publicly disclose because quite frankly we don't think that's in the best interest of our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Farnum of Boenning & Scattergood. Your line is open.
Bob Farnum: Thanks. Good evening and I've one quick question on the workers' comp rates, it sounds like pricing is better than expected I just want to know if that, is that you see that as broad based or is that just a few specific classes that are doing really well and all the rest are still going down the tubes?
Robert Berkley: Bob, you need to use a fine brush and the comp well no different than the rest of the market. There are certain parts of the comp market certain territories certain microcosms if you will within the broader market where we think that they're very attractive and we have some very skilled colleagues that understand their market well they have some good tools and they use a scalpel not a cleaver. So I think they are -- they are knowledgeable about where their margin is and how much freight they need or how much headroom they have to give up in order to achieve targeted returns. So I would caution one not to lead to the conclusion that happy days in the comp market across the nation. It's quite, it's not the case at all but for those that know what they're doing it's still a pretty good opportunity.
Bob Farnum: All right, thats what I figured. Thanks for that.
Robert Berkley: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back over Mr. W. Robert Berkley, Jr. for any closing remarks.
Robert Berkley: Okay, Valarie. Thank you very much for your assistance this evening and certainly thank you to all that dialed in. We think that in spite of the noise stemming from the things such as Ogden and a couple of other events that we referenced impacting the accident year, some non-CAT weather related and other short-tail lines, we think weve have a pretty decent quarter. We think we have a lot of things again in a fire or the incubator that quite frankly position us well for the next couple of years and we remain quite optimistic. We think we understand our business, we think this is one of those moments when being in the specialty business and being able to bob and weave and run between the legs of the giants is when you're able to actually deliver better long-term returns for shareholders. So again thank you all for calling in and we look forward to speaking with you in give or take 90 days.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-31 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkeley - President and CEO Bill Berkeley - Executive Chairman Gene Ballard - EVP Rich Baio - CFO
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Arash Soleimani - KBW Joshua Shanker - Deutsche Bank Amit Kumar - Macquarie Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporations Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitations, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year end December 31st, 2015 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. W. Robert Berkeley, Jr. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkeley: Thank you, Andrew and good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our fourth quarter call. As usual, joining me on this end, we have Bill Berkeley, Executive Chairman, Gene Ballard, Executive Vice President and Rich Baio, Chief Financial Officer. In addition to that, to be perfectly frank, we have, I don't know how many other people that seems to be well poised and positioned to try and censor the four of us, but we will see how they do.  The agenda for the call is, I'm going to kick it off with some macro industry comments and I'm going to share with you some thoughts on our quarter. And following that, I'm going to hand it over to Rich. He is going to run through some of the numbers and highlights from the quarter as well and then over to all of you to answer any questions that you may have.  So on the macro front; it is clearly an interesting moment. In some ways, things are as expected, in other ways, its not so clear. As far as under the category of as expected, commercial lines, insurance market continues to be incrementally more competitive. Comp is aligned and it is probably seeing the greatest level of erosion at the most rapid pace. In some ways, this isn't completely surprising, given the margins that have been available there for some period of time and the action that many rating bureaus are taking across the country. Property remains very competitive. To a certain extent, this behavior continues to be empowered or enabled by the reinsurance market. Professional liability, it is a very broad line with so many different classes. Its difficult to use a broad brush. Having said that, there are some parts of the professional market that are exceedingly attractive and there are other parts where people need to be quite cautious. Commercial auto, while it does continue down a path of improvement from our perspective, much of that marketplace still has a way to go. Casualty remains the bright bulb, at least for the moment. And finally, the reinsurance market remains as irrational as ever from our perspective. And quite frankly, it's a bit disappointing because every now and then, you see some green shoots popping through and in relatively short order, it would seem as though somebody comes along and stops those out.  Other thoughts beyond the immediate market conditions that I'll raise and I'm just going to run through these pretty quickly to the extent of a note or a nerve with anyone, happy to pick it up further during the Q&A. I guess number one would be quite frankly, we continue to be quite surprised by what one might refer to as the resistance that the insurance industry, particularly the commercial lines, P&C space continues to have towards change. Specifically, the struggles around embracing analytics and technology as well as what would seem to be a lack of recognition for the change in consumer behavior. Another area that we certainly are paying attention to is the role of federal regulation. We've seen that on the uptick over the past several years. Clearly, it is unclear as to what the position at the new administration is going to take as it relates to federal regulations role and involvement in the P&C space. So we'll have to see on that one, but that is something again that we're focused on. Interest rates, directionally where they're headed, we have seen some movement and certainly there is good reason to believe that well see them moving up from where they are today. Obviously for some, this creates a bit of noise in their book values stemming from the impact on their bond portfolio. For organizations such as ours, have gone out of their way to manage the duration and quite frankly, keep it somewhat short, but also have a fair amount of leverage, investment income when you look at our economic model, we think that we're particularly well positioned. One more topic that I'll put out there, which is a topic that I think is getting an increasing amount of attention recently and is near and dear to my boss's heart is the topic of tax. Clearly, there is a lot of noise or a lot of discussion around a lower corporate tax rate in this country. We along with many others would benefit from that. I think the other component which is perhaps in some ways a little less clear is what is the impact going to be as a result of tax reform on companies in the marketplace that are not domiciled in the United States. Many companies that participate in the US P&C market have benefited from being outside of the United States and the question will be whether that benefit will continue going forward or whether that is something that perhaps may change or be impacted by decisions and actions coming out of Washington.  Let me pivot over to the quarter, and again, I'll keep this pretty high level. Rich is going to get you into the weeds as far as the numbers go. Top line, the growth flowed. That was really driven by a spike in competition in the fourth quarter. It's hard to say for sure. Some might speculate its as a result of many market participants trying to hit their budget. Early returns on January and we don't have perfect visibility into January, let alone the quarter, let alone the year. From our perspective, there is a reasonable chance that we're going to see our insurance growth start to recover.  Having said that, as far as the reinsurance component of our business, we do not see that quite frankly growing in 17 and there's a better than average chance that we see it falloff further from where it is. As Ive suggested, the reinsurance market continues to be astonishingly competitive and we are not going to view that marketplace through rose colored glasses.  Loss ratio was adversely impacted by tax. So approximately the 237 million in the quarter, Matthew and Tennessee wildfires were the big contributors there. Again, Rich is going to give you some detail on that. That was partially offset by a positive reserve development of approximately 17 million and my understanding is that this is the 40th quarter in a row of net positive development and I think again that speaks to our approach of wanting to be measured when we set our loss picks and as the season out, then we're prepared to adjust our views. Briefly on the expense ratio as well as corporate expenses, they did tick up in the quarter, it was not surprising to us, given some of the new initiatives, some of which we have announced, some we have not announced at this stage. As a reminder, as far as expenses go, businesses that are in their infancy and have not started to write business, we hold those expenses at the corporate expense level. Once businesses are operational and our definition of operational, our writing business, then that will come through in the expense ratio.  And then finally, just a quick sound bite on the investment portfolio. Terrific quarter, fired on all cylinders, both the bond portfolio, by and large, weathered pretty well. In addition to that, our funds performed particularly well. And finally, one of our private equity investments, specifically HealthEquity, we recognized some gains in that position in addition to that, Rich is going to talk to you about some other impact on our balance sheet as a result of our holdings dipping down below 20%. As people know, we have made efforts over the past couple of years to expand our activities in the alternative investment area. In many cases, I think some have struggled with it from a modeling perspective, because it doesn't model as easy. It's a little bit lumpier. Having said that, folks that are responsible for that part of the business have done a great job and in spite of the fact that it's a little lumpier, clearly the risk adjusted returns have been great.  So I'm going to pause there. I'm going to hand it over to Rich and again once he's through, you have all four of us to answer any questions that you might have. So Rich, if you would please.
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks, Rob. For the fourth quarter, we reported net income of $153 million or $1.20 per share. That compares with the prior year's net income of $110 million or $0.85 per share. The growth of 39% in net income was due to an increase in realized pre-tax games of $86 million, primarily from the sale of a portion of common shares in HealthEquity and to an increase of $32 million in pretax net investment income.  Those increases were partially offset by a few items, including lower underwriting income, which was impacted by the cat losses, as Rob alluded to earlier, lower income from non-insurance businesses, largely due to the sale of Aero Precisions operations in August this year, higher startup costs associated with new operations. Once again, Rob had alluded to this earlier where certain of our operations are included in the corporate expenses, like [indiscernible] or high net worth as many of us refer to and other yet to be announced companies higher interest expense due to the repositioning of our capital structure we undertook earlier in the year, which we had alluded to on some of our earlier calls and finally to a decline in insurance service profit.  Our operating income for the fourth quarter was $104 million or $0.82 per share compared with the prior years operating earnings of $115 million or $0.89 per share. Overall, our net premiums written increased 0.7%, slightly more than $1.5 billion. The insurance segment grew about 1% to approximately 1.4 billion, while the reinsurance segment declined 1.2% to $145 million. The growth in the insurance segment was led by a 12% increase in our professional liability business, offset by a decline in commercial automobiles due to continued inadequate rate environment in certain areas of this market.  For the reinsurance segment, the increase in properties, net premiums written, largely offset the decline in the casualty business. As Rob referenced in his comments, the reinsurance market continues to be competitive and we've maintained our disciplined approach to fulfilling capital on a risk adjusted basis.  Our overall pretax underwriting profits decreased 24 million quarter-over-quarter from 106 million to 82 million due to higher cat losses in the current quarter. The cat losses increased $26 million over the prior years quarter to $37 million. The accident year loss ratio before cat losses was 60.1% compared with 60% a year ago. The cat losses represented 2.3 loss points in fourth quarter 2016 compared with 0.7 loss points in 2015. The two significant cat events were hurricane Matthew and the Tennessee wildfires, as Rob referenced. They totaled $18.5 million and $15 million respectively. Loss reserves developed favorably by $17 million, representing a $2 million increase over the same period a year ago. That gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 61.3%, an increase of 1.5 loss points from a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the fourth quarter was 33.6% compared to 33.3% in the fourth quarter of 15. The insurance segment expense ratio was 33%, which is an increase of four tenths of a point from the fourth quarter of 15. The increase in the expense ratio for the insurance segment was due to the addition of new operations; in particular Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions and Berkley Transactional were added to the insurance segment in the quarter. These were pre-announced. We expect that these operations will develop further in the near future and begin to contribute underwriting profit to the company.  We're also expanding business in certain international geographies as well as domestic opportunities that are still early stage in development and also contributed to the elevated expense ratio. Examples include expansion in Latin America and the Asia Pacific region.  The reinsurance segment expense ratio decreased 0.9 percentage points to 38.5% which reflects the higher increase in earned premium relative to underwriting expenses. In pure dollar terms, the underwriting expenses increased by 10%, while net premiums earned increased by 12.7% quarter-over-quarter. This decline reflects the increased net written premium earnings through from prior quarters.  That brings our combined ratio to 94.9% for the fourth quarter of 2016, which compares with 93.1% for the same quarter a year ago. Investment income increased approximately 25% or $32 million to $159 million, resulting from a few main contributors. First, income from fixed income securities was up about $8 million to 109 million with an annualized yield of 3.2%. The most significant contributor to the growth in fixed income is a larger investment base. Second, income from the Investment Funds increased $27 million compared with a year ago quarter, which is primarily attributable to investments in energy and real estate funds. And finally, earnings from loans receivable declined $4 million, resulting from the maturity and pay-off of certain loans in the portfolio. At December 31, 2016, after tax unrealized investment gains were 427 million, representing an increase of 246 million from the beginning of the year or approximately 136%. The average rating was unchanged at AA- and we shortened the portfolio from 3.3 years at December 2015 to 3.1 years at December 31, 2016. The overall tax rate was 33.7%, which increased primarily due to the significant net investment gains in the quarter and higher state income taxes. The realized gains in the quarter primarily related to the sale of a portion of our common shares in HealthEquity which as a reminder was not previously reflected in stockholders equity. That gives us net income of $153 million and an overall return on equity of 13.3% on an annualized basis and for comparison purposes, a pre-tax return on equity of 20.2%. Book value per share increased $1.17 to $41.65 in the quarter, representing an annualized increase of 11.6% and the full year growth in book value per share of $4.34 or also 11.6%. In the quarter, we also returned 109 million to our shareholders through special and ordinary dividends as well as repurchased approximately 575,000 shares of common stock. In addition, book value significantly grew due to the realized gain from the partial sale of shares in HealthEquity and unrealized gains on the remaining interest, which changed to an available for sale security. This growth is partially offset by reduction in net unrealized gains in our fixed income portfolio due to the rise in interest rates during that quarter.  Thank you.
Robert Berkeley: Thank you, Rich. Andrew, so at this time, we would like to open it up for questions please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for the day comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good afternoon. The first question, Rob, just follow up to the tax reform. If the tax rate were to go down to, for example, 20%, how much of these earnings accretion you think will be retained and how much you think will be either reinvested in the business or be competed away?
Robert Berkeley: No different than how we manage our capital account when people have asked about our approach to repurchasing stock or dividends and so on. We try and look at what our needs are to operate the business, what our needs for capital are. Ultimately, its just additional earnings, and the question is, do we need to hold onto it or do we need to give it back to -- or is there an opportunity to return it to shareholders. So I think we're hoping that we have the problem, where we have a lower tax rate and we have more earnings to either grow the business or return to shareholders.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then the following question is really on your core loss ratio as well as expense ratio, given the -- so, you said the market becoming a little bit more competitive, whats the inflation trend, do you think these underlying loss ratio will maintain at current levels or could it be some deterioration? And then on the expense side, it looks like this quarter is higher than the prior three quarters in 2016. Shall we sort of looking forward to be kind of looking full year basis or do you think the current run rate is a good number for 2017?
Robert Berkeley: Yeah. So the two pieces there, let me touch on the loss pick first. So as far the loss ratio or the margin, I think on an apples-to-apples basis in the industry, certainly, for much of it, rates are going down. Having said that, I think the one variable that you didn't touch on, which we are very focused on every day at every level is selection. So I don't envision, generally speaking that just because we are seeing some what I would say modest incremental growth in rate pressure, that one should naturally just assume that will straight through translate to higher loss pick, because again, we are constantly coming through our book and making sure that we're optimizing many of the things that we're working on internally I think could more than offset anything you see happening with rates. As far as the expense ratio goes, as Rich commented, I offered a thought on as well, a lot of it has to do with what we have in the hopper, what we have in the incubator. And those are the big drivers as far as where the expense ratio came in for the quarter and the impact on corporate expenses. So obviously, for example, as Richard mentioned, Berkeley won our entry into high net worth. That is a meaningful component to corporate expense. Some of the other growth or new initiatives that Richard mentioned that are already up and going, those are having a significant impact on our expense ratio.  So what I would tell you is that I think it's possible that by the end of the, or towards the end of this year, it's possible that you will see our corporate expenses coming down and maybe our expense ratio itself will be treading water or it might even pick up ever so modestly from here. So again I appreciate what you're trying to do and the complexities in trying to get your head around and the lack of visibility, but this is all driven by new initiatives that we think are going to bring value to shareholders over time. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani from KBW. Your line is open.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks and good afternoon. Good evening. Just on the -- back to the expense ratio, I know you mentioned the things that are in the incubator won't directly impact the expense ratio. I guess when high net worth does go live, what type of expense ratio impact should we expect at that point.
Robert Berkeley: The answer is we haven't really published it at this stage. The impact, well have to see, but it certainly would raise it, at the same time, we don't know some of the businesses that are already under the category of expense ratio, how they will be maturing, our expectation is that many of the younger businesses or businesses that are operational, but in their infancy, will have gotten from traction, their earned premium will be kicking in, so that would be moving the expense ratio down. But if you're looking for a specific dollar amount or number of basis points that high net worth is going to have on the expense ratio, that's not something that we have to share today. 
Arash Soleimani: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. My other question, obviously, interest rates still have a way to go up, but as they do go higher, does your investment appetite or does your investment strategy change from where it is today, just given that you've obviously gone more into the capital gains oriented approach, now that interest rates are low. 
Bill Berkeley: So, this is Bill. The answer is, we have gone into the cap gains with a very limited amount of our portfolio and we don't buy things to own forever for the most part, although there may be some things that we own forever. And we make decisions based on the environment and our examination of how we look ahead. So that will depend on not just interest rates, but inflation and uncertainty. So for example, we moved more money into the real estate marketplace, when real estate was not particularly attractive, we may choose to be less involved in real estate. We moved into certain industrial areas, when that wasnt attractive, we may be less or more.  So it's a judgment we're constantly making. At this point in time, we think inflation is going to be modest and interest rates are going to go up modestly. And we'll continue to try and find opportunities that are attractive. But industrial opportunities will become more attractive if interest rates and taxes go down. So obviously that's the offset to that. So bottom line is, we will probably continue with our current balance, namely who are non-traditional bond portfolio a little bit, but we do expect tax rates to go down a little and interest rates to go up a little and inflation to move up a little, which would mean we're not likely to increase our fixed income investments, were likely to keep the balance we have.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks very much for that answer. And my last question, just this kind of an extension of Kai's question on taxes. So I guess, to what extent, would you expect your underwriters appetite to change and not have, are they evaluated on pre-tax underwriting income, do they get evaluated on an after tax basis, what extent do tax rate changes make them more aggressive?
Robert Berkeley: So from my perspective and I believe my bosss perspective, first of all, underwriters, we're focused on making a reasonable risk adjusted return and they are focused on making an underwriting profit and we collectively, with the management team of each operation, figure out what the right level of margin or underwriting profit is. As far as the impact on tax and that changing our targets, I think it's more likely than not going to be actually turning that on its head. I think what, there's a real possibility that you're going to see companies that are based outside of the United States that all of a sudden find themselves paying a higher tax rate than they have historically to examine what their underwriting margin is and whether they need more underwriting margin in order to make their economic model work because their tax benefit is eroded or eliminated. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Good evening, everybody. I want to talk a little about the commercial auto market, I see premiums pulled back, it's obviously probably the place we're getting the best rate so can you talk a little about where rate is and how much volume were losing I guess and I should say intentionally and why now, maybe, this is the time to grow in commercial auto, given that there's pricing there.
Robert Berkeley: So I think there were a couple of questions in there, Josh, so if I miss a couple of them, just let me know. First of all, it is true that our business has shrunk in the commercial auto space and I would suggest to you that from an exposure perspective, we shrunk even more than it appears in the release because you got to remember, we're getting significant rate increases and we're still shrinking. So that perhaps is an indicator to you as to actually, the exposure is down even more than you might think at first blush.  As far as the market goes and apologies if I gave the wrong impression, our view is that it has finally touched bottom and it is moving in the right direction. We certainly do not believe that by and large, the commercial auto space is a hard market or anything approaching that. Having said that, it is one of the few lines where it seems like rate increases are outpacing trend as opposed to some other lines of business, where rate increases are treading water with trend or maybe in some cases, the product line is losing altitude.  So from my perspective and I think my colleagues perspective, it is by and large for primary commercial auto, better than it was yesterday, but not attractive enough from our perspective that we want to open up the spigot yet and we'll have to see if it gets to that point. Quite frankly, we saw a lot of momentum in the commercial auto space as far as people willing to push for rate, up until December and then we looked at December and we were surprised by the level of competition that seemed to step back into the market. So we are cautiously optimistic.
Joshua Shanker: Has the market maximized its sense of pain over that market yet?
Robert Berkeley: I don't know the answer to that. I can't speak for others, but it would seem as though if, I can't put myself in other people's shoes, Josh. I don't know what's going through other people's mind. Clearly, for much of 16, there seem to be a recognition that things need to tighten up, people needed more rates. And hopefully that will continue to 17 but well have to see what happens.
Joshua Shanker: And the exposure that you are losing is that because being bid away or that's because you're walking away?
Bill Berkeley: Both.
Joshua Shanker: Both.
Bill Berkeley: Oftentimes those go hand in hand. We say this is the rate we need and somebody else would come along and do it something materially less. Sometimes we'll look at the exposure and we say we just don't like the exposure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar: Maybe just a couple of questions. First of all just going back to the discussion on the US corporate tax rate, I guess what we're trying to figure out is if the tax rate goes down, does the benefit get competed away. Based on your comments regarding the competition and I guess what you're saying is it might be a more blended outcome. Is that a fair way to look at it or how should we be thinking about that?
Robert Berkeley: Im going to yield to our Chairman here who has strong views on the topic.
Bill Berkeley: I think the answer is we have a President and a legislature who is very conscious of the fact that we shouldnt have a tax law that gives preference to non-US entities and that is what insurance tax laws do at the present time. So two companies who write US business one offshore and one domestic, the company offshore pays substantially less to no tax. So we think that will benefit us because we think this President and his legislature will recognize that sometime over the next 12 months and level the playing field. So that will not lower - likely not - that part will not lower our tax but will raise tax - raise the tax of our competition. So, overall US tax rate we think will go down, which well benefit. So we would expect there will be probably a continuing same amount of competition at a lower tax rate.
Amit Kumar: So, Bill if I go back, in the past you were involved with, there was a coalition for a domestic insurance industry then they was a - I think a council for competitive insurance rate. Would you be playing a similar role this time around?
Bill Berkeley: We continue to have an American coalition for comparative insurance rates and this group of American domestic companies continues to work hard to seek a legislative solution to having level taxes and we are confident that is something that the current administration and the current Congress is much more receptive to than in the recent past. Those jobs those people and that capital paying a fair rate of tax in the US is the objective. So yes, I expect that we will continue, I will continue and we think we have substantial support in United States property casualty industry with us in this process.
Amit Kumar: The final question I'll make this quick. Just going back to the discussion on Berkeley One obviously we're now getting close to the launch date in the second half of 2017 and I know we have talked a lot about this in 20 - I guess June of 2016 when this was being set up. Now that this is clearer or closer to being launched, how should we think about in a sort of the mid and the short term and the long term opportunity, should we as outsiders expect an immediate ramp up for the product or is there sort of you know it's like a slow slope which will last for a few quarters before the premiums are more apparent to us. Thanks.
Robert Berkeley: The answer is that it is going to be a gradual build as the business rolls out. And it will build momentum over some number of orders. As discussed in the past we think over time we can become a meaning part of the business, but this is not a situation where one flips a switch so to speak and all of a sudden a large business pops out of a box. So there will be a ramp up period of time as it scales and that will take quarters and ultimately years as it grows and develops out.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Let's see, several questions. Rob you had mentioned an increase over the past several years in federal regulation, we generally think of this industry as being state regulated. I'm wondering are there any regulatory issues at the federal level that have been burdensome that may potentially go away or go down with the new administration?
Robert Berkeley: Jay, from my perspective, I think that ultimately it's just a question for the industry trying to figure out who its regulator is or who they are, who is its master is to a certain extent. And who sets the rules and that's fine. I think over the past several years as bio got some momentum there were certain situations such as equivalency that popped up that created a little bit of confusion for market participants as to who was doing what as to what was managed at a state level/by the NAIC and what was the role for Washington. Obviously with the new administration, well have to see what the view is as to again the role that Washington should play in the property and casualty insurance industry.
Jay Cohen: Next question, given the rise in interest rates, I'm wondering if you can tell us what your new money yield is relative to your portfolio yield at this point?
Bill Berkeley: The new money yield is still probably 50 basis points under our average portfolio. So even now our new money is not going to give us where we are but that's also in part because we're keeping a short duration. If we were more confident about inflation and interest rates and we pushed our duration out to the longer side of our liabilities ratio, it would be closer to a match than it is right now. But right now keeping with that three, three and a quarter year duration, were still coming up short offsetting each of that is both our capital gains and our increased size of the portfolio which is giving us more investment income.
Jay Cohen: And the last question, I guess back on the tax side, maybe a potential benefit for your reinsurance business, but if US companies are going to be obviously [indiscernible] offshore entities, do you see the border adjustment playing a role and possibly making more expensive to buy from offshore reinsurance companies for again domestic insurance companies?
Bill Berkeley: First of all Jay, I don't think anyone at this point knows what the tax posture is going to be. I think if you go to border adjustment plan, the most likely event in our opinion would be most of the major foreign insurers - reinsurers would open US subsidiaries and that would take care of the problem. The US represents give or take 40% of the property casualty business. And I think that would probably be the real outcome. But I think we're a long way at this point in knowing what the tax equalization structure will be for these kinds of things.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Couple questions here for you. Rob, just given your comments about the competitive reinsurance environment particularly on the casualty side, are you seeing any opportunities to see more business away, other companies I think are starting to do that.
Robert Berkeley: We certainly are acutely aware from the perspective of how competitive the market is. So we are conscious of that as far as the specifics around our reinsurance purchasing strategy rather you know that's generally speaking not details that we get into but we are aware of the market condition and we try and take advantage of that at the same time we're conscious of the fact that these reinsurers are our partners and we are not looking to treat them as anything other than a partner.
Brian Meredith: I was just wondering if there was a opportunity to help your expense ratio as you grow out some of these businesses with businesses with reinsurance.
Robert Berkeley: Its certainly something that we look at having said that some of the  the seeding commissions are attractive but we think the business is that we're building and growing. We think they're pretty attractive too but we do look at quota share structures to try and give us a little bit of relief.
Brian Meredith: And the next question for you and Bill. One, just can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing with respect to loss cost inflation, and two, and the reason I bring it up, we've seen more and more companies buying these adverse loss reserve development covers which I seem they are both starting to happen back in the late 1990s. Maybe your perspective on that?
Robert Berkeley: My cue sense is, well its kind of funny, Brain, that you bring it up because the two of us were just chatting about that the other day as to are these signs of something else to come. Clearly if you look at the accident year loss ratio, there are a lot of challenges that exist in the market. We have and continue to believe there are a lot of pain but this hasn't come into focus potentially. And if you actually backed out or normalize for Cat activity and people stop living off of prior year development which eventually it would seem as though they're going to need to, there are a lot of issues. So do I think this is going to turn into a situation like the late 90s in to 2000, no. But do I think that there are some organizations that got a little ahead of themselves, yes. And I think that there's some pain and some of those companies that have some pain, I don't think that there's a lot of patience for volatility amongst their shareholders.
Brian Meredith: And then last question for you, back on tax, but more from the market perspective. Do you think if we do get a reduction in the US income tax rate that some if not all of that will ultimately be competed away with respect to price?
Robert Berkeley: No. I think quite frankly at this stage it could go the other way, Brian, at least, and I can't speak to the whole market, but I can tell you from our perspective, the number of competitors that we're in the ring with every day that are based outside of the United States, it's a significant percentage of the population. So a lower tax rate for us and a higher tax rate for them, I think is just going to force them again to really focus on their underwriting results and their core economic model and quite frankly I think if anything its possible it could be a double positive for our shareholders.
Bill Berkeley: And Brian, its Bill. I think if you look historically as tax rates have changed just like when portfolios change, companies haven't changed their underwriting strategies when the taxes have change, they've continued to underwriting either brilliantly or terribly. But not because of - they havent changed their attitudes because of taxes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: My questions were largely covered but maybe if I just clarify a couple of things. Bill just to clarify on offshore tax. I guess how I read the bills that are - the various bills that are out there, it's very unclear how financial firms will be treated and things like a border tax and some of that other proposals. I guess what gives you confidence something will be done about offshore financial companies as opposed to just foreign manufacturing and retailers and things like that, it seems some people think that financials will be excluded from some of this stuff and maybe not a whole lot changes unless we get a remake of the Neo [ph] bill.
Bill Berkeley: I think that certainly there are lots of people especially those people located in Bermuda and Ireland and other places that would like to put forth a view that's the case. I think that if you look at what the administration has put forth is they don't want US business enterprises to be at a disadvantage because you are located from a legal enterprise structure offshore. There is no enterprise that would be more suited to their concerns than the property casualty insurance business. We have been able to persuade almost everyone we see although one never knows where the world goes and we believe that it's obvious the US would not have written their tax laws to benefit non-US insurers. So we think whether they include all financial companies or not all financial companies we believe it is most likely that property casualty insurance companies will be included in any bill that's put forth because it's so obviously designed in the current status to give non-US companies a benefit and competitive advantage. All you have to do is look at where all the money to finance the companies that are located in Bermuda and Ireland and wherever. The money all came from US goes offshore and then they pay no tax on the United States business that they bring over there.
Ian Gutterman: Definitely I agree, I still dont know if Congress understood is I guess what I was trying to ask.
Bill Berkeley: I believe they do and I think we have more people in support of the Neo bill but whether its through border adjustment or the Neo bill, we think that this administration understands that it's billions of dollars of revenue that would come and how it's introduced could in fact been maybe even tens of billions of dollars.
Ian Gutterman: Understood and then how does it - the other place I'm trying to understand how [indiscernible] would be Lloyds and I guess not so much on the tax rate being all that different post reform but that just again if we do have a border adjustment, a lot of Lloyds business obviously emanates in the US. What happens to Lloyds in that environment to [indiscernible]?
Bill Berkeley: I cannot give you the answer because I don't know. I don't know how the border adjustment tax rules would work. And in fact Lloyds has a US trust fund and is really a very special entity. So while Lloyds might have business that emanates in the US, in many ways Lloyds business goes into the US trust fund. So Lloyds might in fact not be stuck in the same problems that everybody else. But I don't know the answer to that was purely a hypothetical issue.
Ian Gutterman: And then just lastly, the other thing that's been going around, I mean obviously this administration against is very protectionist, but China I think has come out and advocated against Chinese firms buying US firms without sort of extra clearance. Does it feel like some of the M&A maybe starts to slow down at least the form buyer starts to slow down because our President doesn't want and the Chinese don't seem to want it and you're taking on a major source of buyers?
Bill Berkeley: I'm going to give a brief comment, then Rob who has been much more involved and he will give you a better comment and that is regulations and oversight of these things having been around now for a long time has rarely changed the direction the economic factors dictate. So I think everyone may have a view for the short term but it wont change the dynamic of the economies. Rob?
Robert Berkeley: I agree, I was out for a better answer.
Operator: Thank you. We have a question from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Just a few to clean it up I guess. The first one just in the insurance segment, if you guys could help us a little bit more just understand what drove the slowdown in premium growth there? I men was it more new business opportunities, retention and I guess along those lines, is there a way to quantify the impact of - the negative impact of rate.
Robert Berkeley: A couple of things, first of all the renewal retention ratio give or take was hanging around where its been, I think it was just a tick shy of 80% percent for the group overall, but it was sort of in that neighborhood. What might be helpful, what pages this Rich in the release we break out the growth? On page five, I'm sorry, six. Youll see at the top by line of business which will probably give you a little bit of inside as to where its growing. And by and large its this you know new business is tough to come by. There are a lot of people out there with a pretty big appetite and they want to grow and they seem to be doing - willing to do it at price levels that just don't make a whole lot of sense to us.
Bill Berkeley: I think you should understand a lot of people have budgets and run their business by budget, which is not really how we run our business. So you get to the fourth quarter and people arent going to meet their budgets and arent going to get their incentive compensation. So that always happens in the fourth quarter, you get people being more aggressive.
Ryan Tunis: So maybe the fourth quarter growth rate isn't necessarily a run rate of one of the first half of this year?
Robert Berkeley: Yes. As I suggested earlier, we'll have to see, tell us what the competitive environment is going to be for 17 and we can tell you what we think the topline is going to look like. Having said that again, as we touched on earlier, we don't have perfect visibility into January and even if we did that's not a perfect proxy for the first quarter or the year, but early returns in January were encouraging for the insurance as it relates to the reinsurance business as we suggested that's a pretty tough environment. We are being very selective as we have been and we will continue to be going forward and I think there's a better than average chance you're going to see that business shrink in Q1 of 17 and there's a good chance well see it shrink for the whole year.
Ryan Tunis: And then I guess just thinking about catastrophes. I mean, I obviously there's been some pretty well known events. But last few quarters you guys have been hit a little bit more on tax and would have expected historically I noticed that property reinsurance premiums have been up for full year, is there anything about your cap profile as we look into 17 that you'd say is different than it was potentially headed into this year?
Robert Berkeley: No, when we look at our portfolio, it hasnt shifted. We haven't become more inclined to accept Cat risk on a net basis. I think what's really happened is the series of events. They've kind of from our perspective been in the no man's land zone if you like and what I mean by that is they were big enough to be aggravating and noise but not big enough to meaningfully go into our reinsurance structure. On some cases torched it, it hasn't really been a big enough event that it's a notable industry event and again piercing through to the towers that we buy.
Ryan Tunis: And then just one last one maybe for, Bill, on capital management looking out into 17. Is there anything I guess kind of about this no man's land around with tax reform that makes you want to take a pause in terms of managing capita or is there any way that we should think about the mix being different in 17 versus 16? Thanks.
Bill Berkeley: I think that you saw we paid two $0.50 dividend last year, special dividend instead of $1 special dividend its because we're trying to get a better assessment and the world is changing ever more rapidly and there's more uncertainty. We'll continue to be cautious trying as fast where it goes and we'll continue to search for opportunity. And we're going to make those judgments as the cost of capital is balanced with what we can do with the money and what the price of our stock is. And where we are truly a company that's run with what we think is the best interest of our shareholders. And we make those judgments every day just as though we own the whole company and we were thinking about it in those terms. And so I don't think we're going to make a change or a strategic reconsideration. Every day we get up and we say what can we do we think is best for our shareholders and that's how we manage the business and I expect it will continue that way and Rob's feelings are exactly the same as every other senior officer here because every one of our people are 60%, 70%, 90%, 100% of their net worth is tied up in the ownership of W. R. Berkley [indiscernible].
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm seeing no other questioners in the queue at this time. So I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Robert Berkeley: Thank you Andrew and thank you to everyone for calling in. From our perspective it was a good quarter, obviously the topline while it slowed down a little bit in our opinion, certainly the insurance business where our margins are more attractive at this stage than the reinsurance business. We think you're going to see potentially an uptick in the growth in 17 from what we saw in the fourth quarter. Having said that we'll have to see how much of that is offset by the reinsurance operation. When the days all done we are very focused on risk adjusted return and underwriting margin and if it means that margin isnt there we are prepared to shrink the business. I think the other piece that's worth mentioning also is we continue with the focus around total return for shareholders and thats very much included in our approach on the investment front. There are from our perspective means - there is rather I should say from our perspective a meaningful pipeline of other gains that we will be harvesting and as we take those gains and we have some visibility as to how that's going to unfold over the next few quarters. We again think that that is going to have a meaningful impact on the result of the organization. And in addition to that while the gains are coming through we continue to plant seeds and create new opportunities which we think will create gains in the more distant future. And lastly, we went through the laundry list of macro issues in particular, I think the tax question has a lot of peoples attention. While no one knows with great certainty exactly how that's going to play out. Again, as we discussed earlier, clearly a lower tax - corporate tax rate in this country will work to our benefit and by extension our shareholders benefit, but in addition to that I think it would be a mistake for anyone to gloss over or brush off the potential impact for companies that are based outside of the United States and at least the apparent focus of the current administration so as it was suggested earlier level the playing field. So again thank you for calling in and we'll look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days. Good night
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program and you may all disconnect at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Rob Berkley - President and CEO Bill Berkley - Executive Chairman Rich Baio - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Arash Soleimani - KBW Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words without limitations, believe, expect or estimate. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year end December 31st, 2015 and our other filings made with the SEC for description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Rob Berkeley Jr. Please go ahead, sir.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Karen and good afternoon, everyone and welcome to our third quarter call. As in the past, on this end of the phone I'm joined by Bill Berkeley, our Executive Chairman, as well as Gene Ballard, our Executive Vice President and Rich Baio, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The agenda for today, as I'm going to start out with some general comments about the market and how we see things and then I'm going to offer a few sound bites about our quarter and then be handing it over to Rich to get into some more details around our quarter and the company's performance specifically. So as far as the market goes, generally speaking a continuation of what we've seen over the past few quarters. The marketplace overall is becoming incrementally more competitive. Reinsurance remains somewhat consistent as it seems to bounce along the bottom in search of a catalyst for change. One of the interesting things about the reinsurance market is putting aside property tax and peel back a few layers of the situation there, the loss ratios by and large are not particularly problematic, what's is really driving is the seeding submissions that are creating a challenge for their economic model, from our perspective. As it relates to the insurance marketplace, again a continuation of what we've seen over the past few quarters. The property market remains notably competitive, the workers' comp market becoming incrementally more competitive again I would suggest it's peaking, if you will. Professional again is a mixed bag as it has been in the few quarter, depending on the product and finally casualty continues to be the bright spot from our perspective. While the marketplace overall continues to be I guess almost hohum [ph] or as I suggested earlier a continuation of what we've seen for the past few quarters from our perspective, actually the market is primed for significant change. There's been a fair chatter about this over the past couple of years and we think that this is becoming closer and closer a reality. And there are three areas in particular that I'd like to touch on today. One has to do with the shifting in asset growth and how historically we as a society have seen much of our assets in a tangible form. And as we see in the development of cyber insurance coming around and wait to see - here in that is the beginning to scratch the surface, the fact is that intellectual assets are going to become a growing class and we as an industry need to find ways to grapple with that and help society figure out how they will manage that exposure. And again, I think there is a great deal of room in that area for growth and a lot of opportunity. Second something that we've talked about in the past and that is the recognitions and the shifted behavior of customers and how they want to transact and how they'd like to be served in the future and if personal lines or consumer space is any type of leading indicator for the SME space, clearly the industry is ripe for quite a bit of disruption. From our perspective, the solution is going to be both distribution and carriers working hand in hand, trying to find ways to bring additional value in other ways or new ways to customers. Otherwise again there will be great change in those that do not adapt are going to be left behind. And finally again, a topic that has been discussed in the past, but is continuing to come more and more of a reality and that is the evolution as it relates to the relationship between capital and expertise. We've seen this developing early on in the reinsurance space. It is our expectation that this is going to be spilling over more and more to the insurance space and ultimately, we think this creates a real opportunity for organizations like ours as capital becomes more and more of a commodity and it's expertise and intellectual capital that is increasingly the differentiator. Change is an interesting thing. In some ways over a period of a year or two, it doesn't feel like much changes at all over a five, seven or 10-year period, it can be shocking actually how much can change. We as an industry have been somewhat insulated from certain types of change for many generations and I think that it's about to change over the next five, seven years or so. With regards to our quarter and again Rich is going to get into the details, the growth came in as something just above 2% that was somewhat offset or negatively impacted by FX. Putting that aside, there are part of our business at any moment in time are growing, there are other parts that are shrinking, that's the beauty of the diversity in the group. In addition to that, I would tell you that there may be parts of our business that may be appear as though they're shrinking from a premium perspective but we're growing in a unit of exposure perspective due to feeling that there's appropriate margin available in the business I would use workers compensation as an example of that. On the other hand the auto line would be an example of a place that were probably shrinking even more than it appears on the surface because of the rate increase that we're getting so in fact our units of exposure are on the decline. Loss ratio coming in at 16.9 was generally speaking in-line with our expectations though it was somewhat negatively impacted by some noncash short-tail losses and of course the expense ratio with a 33 was a modest improvement from the same period last year and this number tends to ebb and flow depending on where we're in starting new businesses as we've mentioned to you in the past, when we start new businesses before they're operational we hold those expenses at the holding company once the businesses are running business and operational, then their expenses will appear in the expense ratio along with of course their revenue. On the investment front, it was a good quarter for a couple different reasons and hopefully more good news to come certainly would appear to be the case. Investment returns on the portfolio came in at 3.3 which was an improvement of about 10 basis points from the same period last year and this was achieved while the duration was maintained in three years. So kudos to my colleagues in the investment portfolio and how they're managing the traditional portfolio. Another comment that I would like to highlight on the topics of investments has to do with the alternative portfolio. As we talked about I dont know if it was last quarter or perhaps over the past couple of quarters, as interest rates came down and available yields came under pressure with traditional alternatives, we started to - left with relatively modest percentage of the portfolio to alternative opportunities, specifically in real estate as well as private equity. As we allocated investable assets in those direction, we found ourselves in a position where we gave up investment income that would come into our operating numbers and when we realized gain, they would come in through net income but not into operating. It's been a little bit of a concern because we're not sure that we've gotten full credit for this along the way and people realize that from our perspective, what we've done in real estate and what we've done in private equity is really dove tails with our overall approach to managing the business, focused on total return. What we do on the risk bearing side of the business or the underwriting side if you'd like, as well as the investment side both of those are grounded in a concept of risk adjusted return. It's also worth mentioning that some of the expenses associated with the alternative investments come into operating income though the gains do not. So I just thought that would be worth clarifying that Rich is going to be talking about some of the gains that we took in the quarter as well as some of the gains that we're going to see coming through in the fourth quarter as well. So I'm going to pause there. And I'll hand it over to Rich.
Rich Baio: Thanks , Rob, appreciate it. For the third quarter, we reported net income of $221 million or $1.72 per share, compared with the prior year's net income of $153 million or a $1.18 per share. The growth in net income was due to an increase in realized gains of $122 million, primarily from the sale of our investment in Aero Precision Industries and to an increase in investment income of $12 million. Those increases were partially offset by lower income from Aero Precision's operations due to its sale in August. Higher start-up costs associated with new operation, including our previously announced high net worth business and our other yet to be announced companies. Higher interest expense related to recent debt offerings and to a decline in insurance service profits and foreign currency gains. Our operating income for the third quarter was $114 million or $0.88 per share, compared with the prior year's operating earnings of $119 or $0.92 per share. Overall our net premiums written increased by 2.3% to more than $1.6 billion, the insurance segment represented the entirety of the increase while the reinsurance segment was largely unchanged. The growth in the insurance segment was led by a 13% increase and our other liability business, in addition professional liability was up approximately 9% while workers compensation, commercial automobile, property and other short tail lines declined a few percentage points on average quarter over quarter. For the reinsurance segment, the increase in properties, net premiums written largely offset the decline in casualty, resulting in total reinsurance net premiums written of approximately $158 million. As Rob referenced in his comments the reinsurance market continues to be competitive and we have maintained our disciplined approach to deploying capital on a risk-adjusted basis. Similar to recent prior quarter's our property reinsurance business has grown in large part due to structured reinsurance transactions which have very limited cat exposure and carry a lower than average loss ratio whilst being partially offset by higher profit commissions. As weve discussed on prior calls, these transactions have features that cap our loss exposure and adjust commissions for experience. Our overall pretax underwriting profits remained unchanged at approximately $97 million quarter over quarter, the [indiscernible] year loss ratio before cat losses was 60.9% compared with 61% a year ago and comparable to full year 2015. Our cat losses for the current quarter were $12 million with 0.8 loss points compared with $8 million or 0.5 loss points in the prior year. Loss reserves developed favorably by $13 million representing our 39th consecutive quarter with positive development that gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 60.9%, an increase of 0.4 loss points from a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the third quarter was 33% thats compared to 33.2% in the third quarter of 2015. In pure dollar terms, the underwriting expenses increased 2.8%, while net premiums earned increased 3.6% quarter over quarter. The insurance segment expense ratio was 32.4% representing a decline of 2/10ths of a point from the third quarter of 2015 and slightly below the full year of 2015. Similar to the overall expense ratio, the decline in expense ratio for the insurance segment is attributed to a higher increase in earned premium, relative to underwriting expenses. The reinsurance segment expense ratio decreased one half of a percentage point to 38.5%, that decrease was due primarily to higher earned premium relative to underwriting expense. Our net premiums earned increased 1.5% on relatively flat underwriting expenses that brings our combined ratio to 93.9% for third quarter 2016 compared with 93.7% for the same quarter a year ago. Investment income increased approximately $12 million or 9.3% to $146 million resulting from a few main contributors. First, income from fixed income securities was up $10 million to $109 million with an annualized yield of 3.3% which rose slightly from the third quarter 2015 of 3.2%. The most significant contributor to the growth in fixed income is a larger investment base. If you would look quarter-over quarter our investment base increased by more than $1 billion. Second, income from the merger arbitrage account and investment funds increased $4 million and $2 million respectively, compared with the year ago quarter. And finally earnings from loans receivable declined $3 million, resulting from the maturity and payoff of certain loans in the portfolio. At September 30, 2016, after tax and unrealized investment gains were $315 million, representing an increase of $134 million from the beginning of the year or approximately 75%. The average rating was unchanged at -AA minus and we shortened the portfolio from 3.3 years at December, 2015 to three years, at September 30, 2016. The overall tax rate was 33.5% which increased primarily due to the significant net investment gains in the quarter, much of which arose from the sale of Aero Precision industries which just as a reminder was not previously reflected in stockholders equity. On an operating earnings basis, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 30.2% and year to date of 30.7% which is comparable to the nine months ended September 2015, that gives us net income of $221 million, an overall return on equity of 19.2% on an annualized basis and for comparison purposes, a pretax return on equity of 28.8%. Also during the quarter our book value per share increased $0.51 to $40.48 which is an increase of 5.1% on an annualized basis. In addition we returned capital to shareholders of approximately $140 million through share repurchases of approximately 1.1 million shares or $62.4 million as well as declared a special dividend of $0.50 per share above our ordinary dividend of $0.13 per share. Our operating cash flows were strong with $394 million for the third quarter of '16 approximately $725 million on a year-to-date basis for 2016. One final comment regarding our investment in HealthEquity, we sold approximately 2.2 million shares in October and realized a pretax gain in the fourth quarter of approximately $65 million. You may recall weve accounted for this investment under the equity method, following the completion of the sale we expect to begin reporting our investment in HealthEquity at as fair value. Based upon the sale of these shares and the market price at September 30, 2016 we would expect book value to increase by approximately $2 per share in the fourth quarter. Thanks, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, Rich. Karen, that completes our formal remarks. So if you'd please open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi: So I just had one question I had, just to confirm it was $13 million of favorable development for the crossbow segments is that correct?
Rob Berkley: Yes.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So when I looked at the underlying loss combined - or the underlying loss, that would take it to about 61 about flat with last year and up a bit sequentially. How should we be thinking about, like, is there anything that's different sort of from a book of business perspective that would have caused a little bit of a lift up here, just compared to the prior couple of quarters? Obviously we tend to look at things on a year-over-year basis, but it did pick up here from obviously the last three quarters. So just a little bit of maybe color clarity on that would be great.
Rob Berkley: We experienced what I would just define as some meaningful as I suggested short-tail losses that are not normal. An example of that would be a couple of good-sized by our scale property losses not overwhelming but good size, but perhaps even more noteworthy, we had some exposure to SpaceX which was the [indiscernible] that didn't get very airborne.
Michael Nannizzi: And then do you have any indication on potential [indiscernible] exposure in 4Q?
Rich Baio: Honestly we're reluctant to even put too much of a range on it from our perspective just because of the potential flood component and how that will work out and how insurance departments will choose to interpret certain things. But from our perspective, we view this as something that would affect our earnings, certainly not something by any stretch of the imagination that could ever affect capital. I guess the other piece is obviously the business interaction as well, but again we think it will be a manageable number but I don't think it would be exempt from one at right now.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay and then on the high net worth business, you sort of talked a little bit about the start-up expenses there. Any further granularity on that in sort of what the outlay was and what sort of a headwind to the expense ratio that created in the quarter?
Rich Baio: Well, that's actually in the holding company expense, that's not in the expense ratio. So as we were suggesting earlier, until a business is operational, our definition of operational is they're writing business. We hold those expenses at the holding company once they start writing business, you'll see that coming through obviously both in the expense ratio as well as the loss ratio etcetera.
Michael Nannizzi: And last real quick one, on the $2 per share increase in 4Q book value, so thats basically facilitated by the fact that you sold some of the shares and that gets mark to market and pretty much everything gets mark to market, but was that $2 inclusive, I'm assuming it is inclusive of the $65 million pretax gain on the shares that are sold?
Rob Berkley: Yes, it is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley.
Kai Pan: So first question on the reinsurance, you mentioned a bit in the prepared remarks. Two things one is on the gross and the property reinsurance, talk a little bit more about that. And secondly, if you look at the whole segment at a 99.7% percent combined ratio for the first nine months you mentioned - is that sort of underwriting result satisfactory? And you mentioned the seating commission, particular high. I just wondered is that because of the scale of the business that we're having. I just wonder like what is kind of like the target or probability we would like to see the reinsurance segment?
Rob Berkley: Okay, so I think there were a couple of questions there. Let me try and take them one at a time and if I miss one, please bring that to our attention. So as far as the growth that we saw, as you can see in the release, it was really in the property lines and as Rich had mentioned earlier, some of that comes from structured transactions where perhaps the available margin is limited. But given that the loss ratio is effectively capped, our downside is limited and consequently that allows us to take a different approach on the capital allocation than we would with traditional business. In addition to that, I think a couple of quarters or so ago, we had announced how we had started an operation to write global property FAC, non-U.S., if you will and that's contributing to some of the growth as well. As far as the results go, no, we do not think that the results for the quarter are our target. I think that the difference between our results and some other people's results are first of all we do not write a meaningful amount of cats and that's by design. And if you look at a significant amount of the profitability that the reinsurance market today is experiencing, it's through as a result of a benign cat environment, people release the cat load and then all of a sudden not such a pretty picture, looks more rosy than it probably is, if you peel a few layers back of the situation. Having said that, when we look on the casualty front for example and overall our loss ratio, the loss ratios quite frankly are they ideal? No. Are they acceptable? Generally speaking yes. The problem is the seeding commission/if you lump that in with the acquisition cost, that makes the model less attractive than what we would like it to be and that's certainly something that my colleagues are aware of, they're sensitive to and are focused on.
Kai Pan: It's only like 10% overall portfolio. I just wondering the ease of scale you want?
Rob Berkley: For us, whether it be the insurance business or whether it be the reinsurance business, we're in business to make money, to make good risk adjusted returns. We're not in business to issue insurance policies or treaties if you will in the reinsurance space or service for that matter. So our review is that if there are opportunities to make good risk-adjusted return, we're happy for the business to grow. If it would seem as though that's not the case, then we will shrink the business. I would suggest to you though when you think about returns, combined ratio is not necessarily a perfect indicator, particularly when you talk about structured transactions when the capital allocation is not consistent with what is a traditional capital charge might be.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's good. And then second question on the alternative portfolio, you're going to realize $400 million like a gains on the house equity, like a holding. Opportunity used for like sort of like this becoming to reported sale value on this one, also the sale of the Aero Precision industries, are there sort of major holdings [indiscernible] portfolios that are not currently mark to market and how big is it?
Rob Berkley: Meaningful. If you're asking for a number, I don't think that's something that we could give, but this is an ongoing process where we're constantly receding while we're simultaneously harvesting. But also as we've discussed in the past, it can be lumpy as time. So as our chairman has suggested, on average you should expect give or take $25 million a quarter. There'll be moments in time when it's meaningfully more than that and there may be periods of time that we go through where there won't be gains that are realized, but our chairman and our colleagues are focused on creating value.
Kai Pan: So given the sort of, realizing the gains that you have found additional investment opportunities or do you think it's more for shareholder returns?
Rob Berkley: I'm sorry, could you repeat the question? I beg your pardon?
Kai Pan: Yes, given the sort of realized gains, your harvesting gains on the prior investments. Are you sort of reinvesting in other opportunities on the investment side or could be used for capital returns?
Rob Berkley: The answer is that we will be looking for new opportunities, if the opportunities exist, we will take advantage of those to the extent that the organization has excess capital. We'll return the capital to shareholders in as efficient way as possible one way or another. Our goal is not to have excess capital, having said that, if there are good opportunities to put money to work we'll do so.
Kai Pan: Lastly, it's like a broader picture question. You mentioned in your prepared remarks about the significant change of pace the industry going forward and how do you think about your sort of your decentralized structure? Was the pros and cons in dealing with these structural changes? Are you going to start a new company [indiscernible] it or your underlying business can be side where - is it a top-down approach or a bottom-up approach?
Rob Berkley: I think fundamentally the world is moving in a direction where they are looking for value and their definition of value is evolving over time. A corner stone for value yesterday, today and in all likelihood tomorrow is expertise. The way we're structured lends itself to attracting, embracing and leveraging expertise and in a manner that customers can find true value. So I think our structure, while it has had to evolve over time, it will continue to evolve fundamentally our structure will lend itself quite well to the evolving environment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Arash Soleimani from KBW.
Arash Soleimani: Just wanted to confirm on the net investment income, the core portfolio, did you say, the year-over-year jump there was most mostly attributable to the asset base increasing by $1 billion?
Rich Baio: No, Arash our fixed income portfolio increased by about $1 billion of investable assets. And that is large contributor to the increase in our investment income quarter over quarter. Yes.
Arash Soleimani: And the comment you made earlier in your prepared remarks about distribution and carriers needing to work together, so is the point there something that we should read into regarding some almost direct distribution, that's going to become more common on the commercial front?
Rob Berkley: I think that the point of the comment was nothing more than an observation about the environment around us. The fact is, there's not that much new to talk about us, so to speak, every 90 days. The world isn't changing in how we operate day to day, every 90 days. But the environment that we operate in, this industry is evolving and it is going to evolve more and more over time and we're conscious of it, we're trying to make appropriate plans for that and that's really where it starts and ends. But it was not meant to be some leading comment, that you're going to see some announcement from us tomorrow, taking the business in a radically different direction. Rather, it's a recognition that the world is changing, the industry needs to change and we're part of that.
Arash Soleimani: And lastly, you mentioned again, as you have for a few quarters, that commercial auto is declining faster than meets the eye. But you had also mentioned I think that commercial auto is looking a bit better and could have some bright spots in it? Just wanted to weigh those two comments.
Rob Berkley: I think that better can be - it's a comment that can be made in a relative manner. So I think the fact is that commercial auto found itself, as a product line, in a very deep hole. And the idea that a certain just one-off percent rate increase is going to fix that, I think is a pipe dream. And we can all read in places like the Wall Street Journal about trucking whinging over rate increases, but the fact is, most folks that are writing their insurance haven't been making any money, in fact they haven't been getting paid appropriately for the risk, whatsoever. So, do I think that the situation is improving? Yes. Do I think that it is still challenged? Without a doubt. But it is heading hopefully - well, it is heading in a better direction. And again that's why we're getting meaningful rate increases, but you see the line still shrinking as far as premium, because our account or exposure is going down dramatically, in spite of the rate increases we're getting.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis from Credit Suisse.
Ryan Tunis: My first one is around Aero Precision and just thinking about whatever potential lost earnings have - that we've lost from that sale. And it looks like, on my model, I show wholly-owned earnings having come down from like a $7 million quarterly run rate to about a $1.3 million quarterly run rate and I am wondering if that's the right run rate to use going forward, given the sale of Aero Precision or if it was lower or higher for whatever reason, just this quarter.
Rich Baio: I think one thing you need to keep in mind here is that the business can be bumpy. Some of the business that's been still with us is the purchasing and selling of aircraft, as well. Small aircraft. And to that end, we could have earnings come through in one quarter that amount to much more than other quarters. And as a result of that, it's hard for us to really give you a specific number to include in your model, to project for that.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. So may have been seasonally a little bit light. And my other question, I guess, is just on squaring Rob's comments about the environment becoming a little more competitive, opportunities for growth being a little more difficult and also, the longer term objective of trying to bring down the expense ratio. I'm just curious if - should we look at, I guess the lower single digit NPW growth as making - the objective of bringing down the expense ratio more difficult, in the near to medium term?
Rob Berkley: No. I would not lead to that conclusion at all. I think that first of all, I don't think that we as an organization are of the view that our growth rate for the foreseeable future will remain at this level. I think it can change from quarter to quarter. In addition to that, beyond what we've talked about, as far as high net worth that we have announced, we have some other things that we have been working on, that we have not announced which I think over time will make a considerable contribution. I don't know what the market conditions will be tomorrow. So it's hard for me to predict exactly what the growth rate will be, but I'm not prepared to make the leap that it sounds like you're suggesting, that it will be low single-digit growth going forward. It may or it may not. But again we have certain things that we haven't announced which we think could offset some of the market conditions. Number two, from our perspective, while there are parts of the market, the reinsurance market being probably the best example, that are particularly challenging, there are still lots of opportunities. So one of the benefits of our structure and our 52 different operating units, most of these businesses, compared to industry scale, have a lot of runway, have a lot of opportunity. So again, I would not count out the growth. As far as the specifics around the expense, certainly, growth helps offset that, but I don't think that's the only solution. As far as expenses go, we do have some initiatives as to how we can become more efficient. Sometimes that will require us to take one step back in order to take two steps forward. Lastly, just on the topic of expense, because it's one that we all do pay attention to, the expense ratio for a specialty company of a 32% to a 33% may not be ideal. But it's really not that - it's really what I would define is quite competitive. True, if we were a national carrier with a multi-billion dollar personal lines platform and we could have that bring down our average expense ratio, that would be helpful. But if you look at fact that we're in the specialty commercial lines business, that expense ratio, we think, is quite competitive. And as it relates to the reinsurance and it ties back in with the comment earlier, the internal expenses, if you will, are by and large flat and actually flat with what they were some number of years ago. It really had to do with acquisition costs and ceding commission, that is putting pressure on that model. So lots of moving pieces, I understand why you may raise the question. May prove to be as you suggest. But I'm not, at least in my mind and I believe others on this end, we haven't reached that - any conclusion as far as growth going forward and what that means for expenses.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America.
Jay Cohen: I got two questions. I guess first for Rich, the $2 per share in book value, is that $2 is only coming from the investment side? You're not including operating or underlying earnings in that number, are you?
Rich Baio: You're correct, Jay, that's right. It's only the gain from the sale of the 2.2 million shares, net of tax and then the pick-up for the unrealized gain that will come through in the fourth quarter, net of tax.
Jay Cohen: And then I guess for Rob, as you think about all these potential changes over the next five to seven years, do you feel you have the right type of people in the organization? Will you have to hire additional expertise to really take advantage of some of these changes?
Rob Berkley: Well, I do think that we have the right type of people, because going back to the comment earlier about expertise, certainly there will be changes. But the cornerstone of how value is truly brought to customers, we think is in intellectual capital and expertise and knowledge around exposure and helping customers manage through that risk transfer experience. So do I think that we have the right people? Without a doubt. Having said that, will we have to continue to invest in people and build our team going forward as the environment changes? Clearly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman from Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman: A couple, just housekeeping ones and then a broader question. Just to follow up on the HealthEquity, just to be clear, so reason your account is changing is because your sale brought you down 20% and that triggered the change; is that right?
Rob Berkley: Correct.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, are you signaling anything by this sale, that your intention is to reduce the stake at some measured pace over time? Or this is a one-time thing and we shouldn't expect anything further over the next year or two?
Rob Berkley: I think you should assume that there is no signal one way or the other.
Ian Gutterman: Perfect. That's what I was wondering. Okay. And then do you have the paid loss ratio for the quarter handy?
Rich Baio: I do. It's 53.4% for the quarter.
Ian Gutterman: And then my big-picture question is, I'm sure you saw some of the earnings releases from last week. And I know Bill, obviously, you've been very vigilant over the years, talking about watching loss inflation and given the results from some of your competitors and just broader headlines out there and just, where this election may be headed, are you starting to get more nervous? Either Bill or Rob or both about the process for loss inflation? And specifically, I guess I'm thinking more severity than frequency. It feels like maybe we're starting to see the beginnings of favorable juries, like we did in the late 1990s.
Rob Berkley: Well, I have a thought or two on that but I'm going to yield to our Chairman here to update you on his views.
Bill Berkley: I think that clearly, we have a country divided by extremes and views that are in conflict. And I think there's loss of stresses and pressures. But there's also beginning to be a recognition that there's no free lunch. That someone is going to pay for everything that comes about. I think the last time we had runaway juries, there was a general sense that this was free money and it all came from heaven. I think there's now a reality, reinforced by the issues of increased premiums from the Affordable Care Act, that someone pays somehow or another for everything. So I'm not particularly worried about runaway juries. I am concerned about inflation, because ultimately, the only solution to repayment of deficits for governments is inflation. And inflation in the short-run will put pressure on insurance pricing. Although with property casualty insurance companies have done better in times of inflation than in non-inflationary times. So overall I'm okay with where we're going. And I - in the short run, there may be some pressures as we change over to probably a more inflationary time. But in the intermediate term, I think that's probably good for the business.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rob Berkley for any closing comments.
Rob Berkley: Karen, thank you very much. And thank you, everyone, for calling in. From our perspective as suggested earlier, the marketplace is in the early stages of a transition and we think that it's important that people not misinterpret that. Yes, there are parts of the market that are becoming more competitive. Having said that, there are a tremendous number of opportunities for an organization like ours. Clearly, there is a transition that is occurring in how the industry operates, both how it will serve its customers in the future, as well as how the relationship between capital and expertise exists and how it evolves from what it was in the past. We think that our structure, our philosophy focused on people, their intellectual capital and expertise. We think our model of a decentralized structure and being closer to the marketplace is going to lend itself very well to these changing times. Again, from our perspective, we think that we're well situated to capitalize on the changes that are coming the marketplace's way. And we would expect that this will inure to the benefit of our shareholders over time. Thank you all and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkley - President and Chief Executive Officer Bill Berkley - Executive Chairman Gene Ballard - Executive Vice President Rich Baio - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Arash Soleimani - KBW Larry Greenberg - Janney Jay Cohen - Bank of America Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporations Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including without limitation, beliefs, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. W. Robert Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Andrea and good afternoon everyone. Again, welcome to our second quarter call. With me on this end of the phone, I have Bill Berkley, our Executive Chairman; Gene Ballard, our Executive Vice President; and new to the call is Rich Baio, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Some of you have had the opportunity to meet Rich. Others, I am sure, will have an opportunity in the future and all of you will be hearing from them today. He has been with the organization for something more than 7 years and the lions share at that time, he was our Vice President and Treasurer and we are delighted to have him now in the role of Chief Financial Officer. So, the agenda that we have laid out for you all today is I am going to start out with a few comments about the environment, Then I am going to offer a couple of sound bites on our quarter and then I will be handing it over to Rich, who is going to run through in some more detail highlights from our numbers. And then you will have the four of us at your disposal for Q&A. So turning to the environment, clearly, an interesting moment when you look back on the quarter, flurry of cat activity, nothing particularly outsized, but certainly a reminder that cats do occur. Also, continued dislocation in the marketplace amongst some very large carriers as some of them were managing through a merger or acquisition and others were just going through a meaningful restructuring. And then finally, we have discontinued low interest rate environment around the world and its really gotten to the point that it could almost make your eyes tear. In spite of all that, the insurance market seems to march to a similar beat to what it did in the first quarter. The reinsurance market continues to flirt with the bottom. On the other hand, the insurance market is becoming incrementally more competitive though it can vary greatly by product line or clients. A couple of general comments around some of the product lines in the insurance space. Properties, particularly cat exposed properties, remains surprisingly competitive to a certain extent. My speculation would be this is a result of the reinsurance market empowering the insurance market to be less than responsible in many situations. The professional space is very much a mixed bag. On one hand, the Fortune 5000 D&O excess market is surprisingly competitive as our parks and medical space. Having said that, there are other components of the professional market that are exceptionally attractive and we think provide meaningful opportunities for growth where margins are attractive. Turning to commercial auto, certainly, a part of the market that we have discussed several times over the past few years. It seems like it is finally getting to the point that the discipline is returning. We are seeing rate increases and we are seeing the momentum begin to shift between supply and demand. On the other hand, we have the comp market, which is very much a mixed bag. As many of you are aware, workers compensation is the largest component of commercial line space and there are parts of this market where the margins are exceptionally attractive and we continue to find opportunities to grow our business and there certainly are parts of the comp market that give one reason to pause. Probably, the market that makes one pause for the longest and scratch their head these days will be the Florida market. Fortunately for us, we have very limited exposure to that marketplace. The casualty market is probably the brightest bulb on the tree and hopefully that will continue for some period of time. And finally, the stupidity award would go to the aviation and the global marine hull market. Turning to our quarter, by and large, it was in line with our expectations. The growth in the insurance market came from the place, rather in our insurance segment, came from the places we expected it to, led by casualty followed by professional. Again, there are some components of the professional market we continue to find very attractive. On the reinsurance front which may have been something that caught your eyes coming out of the press release, the growth that we had there, you maybe pausing and scratching your head over that given how competitive the market is, how are we finding ways to grow? And the growth was really driven by four components, one, being our facultative business that distributes on a direct basis. They have a series or a suite of currency products, which are effectively specialty products that are just sold on a wholesale basis. Second would be our global Property Fac business, which drives Property Fac around the world, outside of the  or ex U.S. And this is the business that we have started last year and is getting momentum. Additionally, we started as we had announced last year as well a business in South Africa and they are getting good traction. And then finally here, back in the states, our treaty business has been finding some niche opportunities within the structured space. The structured spaces and actually, Gene has touched on this in the past, is a part of the market that while the potential for great underwriting margin may not be there, the way one can structure these deals the downside is very limited. So as always, when we think about our business and included in that the reinsurance business, we start from a perspective of risk-adjusted return and we believe the structured deals that we are able to participate in make a lot of sense when we think about the required capital charge and exposure. Turning to the loss ratio and again, Rich is going to get into a lot of these numbers so I will keep at high level, approximately $40 million of cats. This, by and large, is in line with what our expectations were given the level of cat activity in the quarter. I think different organizations use different definition of cat. Our definition is PCS, at least domestically. We have certainly seen some of the announcements where they come out talking about cats and weather related as well. From our perspective, its not unusual to see certain types of weather losses certainly in the second quarter. Rich will break that down to you a little bit more, but I believe that was about 2.6 points for us on the loss ratio as a result of the cat. On the expense front, by and large, again, sort of in line with our expectations. The insurance segment continued to show improvement as the earned premium develops or grows or builds following the written. And on the reinsurance front, the adverse impact on the expense ratio was just mainly driven by the structured deals that carry a slightly higher commission and again, Rich is going to touch on that in more detail shortly. Turning to the investment portfolio. Many of you saw the announcement that we made a little while ago about the sale of Aero Precision. This is a pre-tax gain of approximately $130 million. And we highlighted not just because of $130 million is material to the organization, but its yet another example that demonstrates the approach that we have taken to how we manage the investment portfolio. As you have heard our Chairman talk about for some number of years now, given the interest rate environment, we had to look for alternatives, hence the building out of our alternative investment portfolio and gains have become a more meaningful part of our strategy. I think the guidance that we have given and we continue to believe is appropriate is approximately $25 million a quarter in gains. Having said that, that will fluctuate from time to time, because its gains dont come through necessarily in such a predictable or I should say smooth manner. With regards to other parts of the investment portfolio, again, the duration continues to shorten a little bit where approximately 3 years for the fixed income portfolio and the yield is 3 2, again kudos to our colleagues managing the fixed income portfolio. They manage to find ways to maintain the yields, while not compromising on the duration. Again, as far as the reserves though, Rich will touch on this, but we continue to see positive reserve development. And last comment from me about numbers and I am going to hand it off to Rich to get into a little bit more deeply, but on the FX gain that you saw come through was about $13 million. From time to time, we have seen some people that follow the business and write on our results on a quarterly basis. They tend to focus on that and I am not sure if they fully appreciate the full picture. The fact is we have this gain because of our approach and our philosophy to how we manage our currency exposure. And yes, that gain came through, but one needs to keep in mind the fact that some of our underwriting income was impacted by a weaker local currency as it gets translated back into dollar. So is it an exact push, no. But I would assure you that this is not just a one-off benefit, we have things going both ways. So again, I am going to pause there. I am going to let  leave it to Rich to run through some of the numbers with you in more detail. And once Rich is done, we will be opening it up to questions and you have the floor with us to try and address anything we can for you. Rich?
Rich Baio: Great. Thanks Rob. I appreciate it. For the second quarter, we reported operating income of $105 million or $0.82 per share, which is unchanged from the prior years operating earnings of $105 million or $0.81 per share. As Rob alluded to, earnings reflected a slight increase in investment income and a recognition of net foreign currency gain, which were offset by a modest decline in underwriting income due to higher catastrophe related losses. Overall, our net premiums written increased by 6.4% to more than $1.6 billion, in the insurance segment premiums increased 5% to almost $1.5 million. The growth was led by a 15% increase in our other liability business. In addition, professional liability was up approximately 8%. By workers compensation, commercial automobile, property and other short tail lines were relatively flat quarter-over-quarter. The segments increase was understated due to changes in foreign exchange rates. In original currency terms, premiums rose by 7.1% compared with the U.S. equivalent basis of 5%. For the reinsurance segment, net premiums written increased almost 20% to $171 million. This growth continues to be driven by structured reinsurance and a few of the other items that Rob alluded to earlier in his comments. During prior calls, Gene has referenced these transactions, which have very limited cat exposure and carry a lower than average loss ratio, while being partially offset by higher profit commissions. Our overall pretax underwriting profits  excuse me, decreased $7 million or 8% to $79 million primarily due to increased cat losses. The accident year loss ratio before cat losses was 60.3% compared with 60.5% a year ago and comparable to full year 2015 at 60.6%. Although our cat losses were in line with expectations, this quarter we reported losses of $40 million or 2.6 loss points compared with $25 million or 1.6 loss points in the prior year. Loss reserves developed favorably by $16 million, representing our 38th consecutive quarter with positive development that gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 61.8%, an increase of 1.1 loss points from a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the second quarter was 33.1% compared to 33.5% in the second quarter of 2015 and relative to the full year 2015 of 33.2%. The insurance segment expense ratio was 32.3%, representing a decline of seven tenths of a point from the second quarter of 2015 and slightly below the full year 2015 of 32.6%. The decline in the expense ratio for the insurance segment as Rob referenced earlier was largely attributable to a higher increase in the earned premiums relative to underwriting expenses. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased 1.4 percentage points to 40.1%. That increase was due primarily to the growth in the structured business, which has a higher expense ratio relative to other reinsurance business written. For comparative purposes, the structured business represented 25% and 8% of the net premiums earned for second quarter 2016 and 2015, respectively. That brings our combined ratio to 94.9% for the second quarter 2016 compared with 94.2% for the same quarter a year ago. Catching on the investment income and the contributors to that, investment income increased approximately $2 million or 1% to $129 million, resulting from a few main drivers. First, income from fixed income securities was up $3 million to $108 million with an annualized deal of 3.2%, which is unchanged from the second quarter 2015 and slightly lower than the full year 2015 of 3.3%. Second, income from the merger arbitrage accounts increased $3 million compared with the year ago quarter. And finally, earnings from the investment funds declined $3 million to approximately $90 million attributable to improved energy fund results offset by a decrease in other fund income. The investment fund performance was approximately 6% on an annualized basis was in line with our target return. At June 30, 2016, after-tax unrealized investment gains was $363 million, representing an increase of $182 million or more than 100% rise from the beginning of the year. The average rating, as Rob alluded to, was AA-, unchanged and we shortened the portfolio from 3.3 years at December 2015 to 3 years at the end of June 2016. The overall tax rate was 31.2%, which is almost unchanged from the overall tax rate for the prior consecutive quarter as well as the full year of 2015. That gives us net income of $109 million and overall return on equity of 9.5% and for comparison purposes, a pretax return on equity of 13.8%. Also during the quarter, our book value per share increased $1.22 to $39.97, which is an increase of 12.6% on an annualized basis. Our operating cash flows remained strong with $156 million for the second quarter 2016 and almost $300 million year-to-date 2016. Finally, as Rob was alluding to earlier, subsequent to our second quarter, we announced the sale of Aero Precision and investment in our private equity portfolio. The estimated pretax gain of approximately $130 million or an after-tax gain of approximately $78 million equates to an increase in book value per share of $0.64 and 1.7 percentage points improvement on our ROE, which we would expect to reflect in our third quarter of 16. Thank you, Rob?
Robert Berkley: Rich, thank you very much. Andrea, I think that will complete our formal remarks. So if you could please open it up for questions and again, you have all four of us here to try and answer any questions you folks have. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Good afternoon. Thank you. The first question on the reinsurance side, the gross  those one-off deals or do you expect those to sort of like continue to see the opportunity there?
Robert Berkley: It depends on the part of the business. As you may recall, I have pointed to four different areas that were driving the growth. Certainly, it is our hope and expectation that our global property tax business or the property tax business thats non-U.S., I think that business will continue to grow. We would expect our business and staff thats focused on South Africa to continue to grow as well. The turnkey business where we offer through our direct back operation domestically, we would expect will grow. And as far as the structured deals, those tend to be one-off, while there can be renewals on those, it really depends on the season. So short answer is that its a mix bag, I would suggest to you that this quarter, the planets and stars lined up. I dont think our expectation is this type of growth necessarily going forward.
Kai Pan: So roughly the 19% year-over-year growth, would you say the 3D business on the structured deals is unlike accounts the majority of it or...?
Robert Berkley: I am not suggesting that. I am suggesting that I dont think we are going to continue to grow at 19% quarter-over-quarter.
Kai Pan: Okay, thats great. And then on the insurance side, it looks like you have a pretty healthy growth on the other liability lines was as professional lines, like where do you see a surprising advantage right now?
Robert Berkley: Im sorry, where do we see those, could you repeat that where do we see what?
Kai Pan: Sure. Where do you see the pricing environment right now in these lines now and also these growth, how will that impact your sort of like mix of loss ratio going forward?
Robert Berkley: Well, the other liability or what we refer to as casualty in general is pretty wide and diverse as is the professional space. So we are growing in places where we think the margins are attractive. So, I guess, ultimately from our perspective, we think that this will be accretive to our business and help us achieve our targeted returns.
Kai Pan: Okay. And then your new business, you mentioned about the high net worth business as well as the Asia business, could you talk more about these sort of new hires and new startups and what would that impact on your expense ratio in near term?
Robert Berkley: So, just to touch on the overall expense question and perhaps this will give a little bit of insight or color for some on the phone. When we are starting a new business, the expenses associated with starting a new business or expenses that we maintain the holding company or corporate, once those businesses begin to operate, which oftentimes can take a little bit of time between when they are hired and when they actually start writing business, but once they start writing business, thats when you will start to see them participate in the overall ratios, including the expense ratio. So, the two businesses that you are referring to that we referenced in our release, one in the high net worth space, from our perspective, we think that, that is very much a specialty business. Many people think of the personal line space as a commodity business and they are certainly parts of it that our commodity business. But ultimately, we like the high net worth space because we think it is a specialty business that targets an audience where they value claim service, they value service in general and they are willing to pay for that value. As far as our expansion into Asia, its a team of people again that are focused on the commercial specialty business. They have a great track record. They have great relationships. We dont think that this business will be overwhelming from a scale perspective anytime soon, but if we take a long-term perspective and you think about where the global economy is likely to grow over the next few decades, Asia is likely to be a big part of that and we feel as though as we manage the business and position it for the future, we need to be learning and participating in a thoughtful and straightforward way and the people that are managing the capital in that region on behalf of the shareholders we think are more than capable of doing so.
Kai Pan: Thats great. If I may add one last one on the $130 million pre-tax gains on the Aero Precision divestiture. First, two things on that, first is that was earnings impact going forward? And then secondly is that sort of like how do you think about the proceed? Are you going to invest in other deals like private investments or like could be used for the capital management, including buybacks?
Robert Berkley: The issue is when we get the money, we will make a decision on how we use it, but its a holding company and we will make our own decision as we do with all holding company funds. As to affect earnings, the third quarter will close sometime the end of July, the end of August in that period of time. Its hard to tell just what it will do. There is an ongoing basis. It will have some impact, but we also are always looking to buy things in that area and expand. So, it will have an impact in the very shortest run, but we would think that in the longer term, we would expect to expand that aviation business again and restore it to its level of profitability.
Kai Pan: Great. Thank you so much for all the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. I guess my questions are just a little bit more on the structured deal and reinsurance. I think Rob said first of all that the margins are a little bit lower, but the risk rewards is a little bit better, in other words, there is less downside. What would you say the target combined ratio is on these structured deals that you have been doing?
Robert Berkley: So, thats just not something that we are going to get into on the call. I would tell you that we are not going to deploy capital unless we think its a reasonable risk-adjusted return, but how we price individual transactions, thats just not typically something that we would get into that level of detail. What I would tell you is that while the upside may not be as attractive as some other activities, the downside is very limited. And the commission, the ceding commission is on a sliding scale. And then again, as I mentioned earlier when we look at the capital exposed, we think it justifies the utilization of the capital. But as far as the details, I am not sure if that would really make sense for our shareholders to get into that level that we...
Ryan Tunis: Sure, sure thats fair. But I guess, just from an accounting standpoint, I think I heard that 25% of your earned premium this quarter within reinsurance was coming from these deals and I think you also said that they tend to be one-offs. So, maybe just looking for some visibility over the next few quarters on to the extent that you dont do any more of these sort of where we should see the combined ratio and reinsurance even out, I guess, maybe the right way to put it?
Robert Berkley: Yes. I think the way you might want to think about this, well, first of all, this isnt just like some flurry of deals that we have done in the last 90 days, while this perhaps spiked up a little bit that in part is because we have reduced our participation in some of what one might define is the more traditional components of the market. So, the structured component is standing out a bit more. But from our perspective, from a combined ratio normalized for tax and perhaps the loss ratio getting incrementally better, I think if you look back to where we have been over the past few quarters its probably not a bad data point.
Ryan Tunis: Thats helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley: Hi, Mike.
Michael Nannizzi: Hello, sir. How are you doing?
Robert Berkley: We are all good. Thank you. How are you?
Michael Nannizzi: Good, thanks. A couple of questions for you on the Aero Precision sale, Bill, I guess, that was one piece of Aero Precision and it looks like it was just maybe one region of that business. I am just trying to get an idea, is it possible to understand whether on a percentage of revenue basis or percentage of something basis, percentage of profit basis, what was the contribution of the business that was sold?
Robert Berkley: It was the largest single part of Greenwich Aero, but it wasnt all of Greenwich Aero and we acquired Aero Precision rather, I think 3 years ago and we will reinvest some part of that money and expanding into other kinds of specific areas that offer us other opportunities in the aviation. We think we have expertise in areas having to do with the aviation business. So, we will continue to look. But it had a varying percentage of the business that has not been a business that has consistently had earnings that are highly predicable quarter-on-quarter.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And did you give the proceeds number from the transaction? I dont know that we have the gain number, but I dont know...
Robert Berkley: No, we didnt.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then I noticed you guys pick up some debt in the quarter. I was just curious, I mean, the financial leverage is a bit higher than its been started by to get picked up a little bit a couple of years ago when you guys pre-funded some debt. Just wanted to understand how we should think about that? I mean, you got a couple of issues coming due in, I think 18 or 19. I was just trying to get an idea, is this where you expect or you plan to be running your leverage? And is there a reason why you have chosen to take that up?
Robert Berkley: Rich, you go ahead.
Rich Baio: Sure. So as you pointed out, we do have some maturities coming due in 2019 and 2020. In light of the interest rate environment, our expectation was to try and take advantage of the coupons that one could benefit from. And so as we evaluated our capital stack, we determined that it would be more efficient to have hybrid capital in our overall debt and hybrid structure. And so to that end, we  effectively, our pre-funding, recognizing that the leverage ratio is a little bit elevated from where we would like it to be, I think we target kind of 32% to 33% over the short-term.
Robert Berkley: So, Mike, we like the trust preferred instruments. We like the duration gives us lot of flexibility. We like the 5-year call option. And its hard to know when interest rates are going to be moving up, but it seemed like a reasonable window. And is there a little bit of short-term cost? Yes, there is. But as Rich suggested, its an opportunity to pre-fund and obviously, rating agencies are comfortable with this.
Michael Nannizzi: Right, okay. And then just one quick one on the expenses, so when we back out the FX, it looks like the other expenses were a bit higher and then relatively short as to my estimates the expense ratio overall especially in insurance is a bit lower. So, is some of that sort of the expense initiative that you are talking about with regard to these new sort of businesses that you are talking?
Robert Berkley: Thats right, Mike. As you recall, over the past, call it 12 months or so, we have started quite a number of new operations, some of them standalone, some of them in an incubator that will get folded into an existing operation. And from  as I mentioned earlier, we tend to put the expenses prior to operational into the overall expense. So for example, the high net worth as well as Asia, thats coming through in the corporate expense. And there are a couple of other bits and pieces that are just in there that in there as well.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And so then when we look at the expense ratio, excluding those, so we could expect to see more expense coming through that line as you are building. And then...?
Robert Berkley: Its almost like an incubator, if you will. And once they leave the incubator, then it shows up in expense ratio. So you will see a spike in the corporate then you are going to see that evolve over to the expense ratio. And then as they hit maturity or the earn gets some level of critical mass, you will see that expense ratio start to come down as that earnings turns off.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And then when we look at the segment and that 60 basis point year-over-year improvement in insurance and expense ratio, which is reflecting the continuing businesses, we should be  that level of expense is reasonable for the way that you are going to be accounted for that business on a go forward, at least as a starting point?
Robert Berkley: Look, I think its a reasonable number to start with. But obviously, as we move  as businesses mature and they go  and they are up and operational, then its going to flop over and hit the expense ratio and it might move it up. So as things make their way down the assembly line, its the numbers we are showing up in different areas, if you will, whether its corporate expense or expense ratio. The improvement that you saw in the expense ratio this quarter is consistent with some of the things that we have chatted about in the past on these calls is the result of the maturing of some of the operations in the earned premium growing. So again, as we are starting new operations and they migrate from corporate expense into the expense ratio, you will see that expense ratio go up and down.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And last question, just on these new initiatives, do you expect a natural expense ratio for the businesses you are starting to meet different at maturity than the remainder of your business?
Robert Berkley: Some of the businesses will take more time to mature than others. But ultimately speaking, we believe long-term that our expense ratios certainly will be in the low 30s, and we are going to keep trying to push on that in a sensible to the extent we can push that further.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank you so much.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arash Soleimani with KBW. Your line is now open.
Arash Soleimani: Thank you. A couple of questions here, I think that the high net worth business was described by one of your competitors as being $8 billion to $10 billion currently in annual premium, but having the potential to hit $30 billion or $40 billion, just curious if you would size that market similarly?
Robert Berkley: Well, I think that people can define that market in a variety of different ways and if you talk to 10 different carriers, they will probably tell you 10 different definitions as to where the high net worth markets start. I also think it depends on the territory, whether you are talking about the U.S. or whether you are talking about global and I think it also depends are you just talking about auto and homeowners or are you including fine art, jewelers, block, etcetera, etcetera. So like many things in life and certainly this industry, definition is key. But we do believe that it is a meaningful market, where there is not only dislocation, but there is quite frankly enough scale that there is opportunity for multiple carriers to play and find different ways to bring value to customers.
Arash Soleimani: Thanks. And then can you just remind us some of the business mix changes that are helping the core loss ratio?
Robert Berkley: The business mix changes that are helping the core loss ratio, generally speaking we will disclose some things in the Q. But we are not  we dont really get into the specifics as to what the margins are by product line and that level of granularity. What I would suggest is if you  I know its a bit monotonous, but if you go back and hear our comments from today and in the past as to where we think the best margins are, thats usually where the improvement is coming from.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, thanks. And lastly, can you just mention any impact, if any at all, that you expect from Brexit on your business?
Robert Berkley: Well, I have a couple of thoughts, but in addition to title of Chairman around here is also Chief Economist, so Im going to leave that to our Chairman to reflect on.
Bill Berkley: First of all, we in fact had set up a company in Liechtenstein well in advance being cautious and wanting to take no chances. So we are equipped to do business in the EU in domicile other than the UK. So from a legal point of view, it wont have an impact on us if we did that some time ago. Clearly, that impact thats based in the London market continues to be there. We dont see it disappearing, so we think London will continue to be the center of the insurance business in that part of the world. And from a regulatory point of view, we think we can protect ourselves, so we dont really see a major change or a significant impact.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Greenberg with Janney. Your line is now open.
Larry Greenberg: Thank you very much. I guess this is just a modeling question, but can you tell us what percentage of the investee revenues was represented by Aero. And then is there kind of a new normalized run rate for the investment funds line that we should be thinking about?
Robert Berkley: Rich, do you have any comments that you would like to make or...
Rich Baio: I will just say that the  as it relates to the investment funds, we have assumed now the variability as we have seen over the quarter, so I dont know that thats something you can really predict or provide guidance for.
Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean it changes substantially quarter-to-quarter. And its not  it doesnt model particularly well.
Larry Greenberg: And the Aero as a percent of total investee revenues?
Robert Berkley: The answer is I cant tell you, but if you call Rich Baio off tomorrow, we can give you the answer to that. I dont know offhand.
Larry Greenberg: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Robert Berkley: Good evening Jay.
Jay Cohen: Good evening Rob. A couple of questions, first the buyback activity. I guess given the accelerating top line growth and also given the added debt, is it reasonable to expect buybacks to be fairly close to nil in the near-term?
Robert Berkley: Jay, I think first off, the trust preferred that we issued, while it looks like debt, as far as our room in our basket, we get equity credit for that. So I just wanted to clarify that. In addition to that, while certainly the growth is there at this stage, we are generating a fair amount of capital and we think that we are well positioned to have over the coming quarters, barring the unforeseen event, flexibility as it relates to special dividends, repurchase of debt or repurchase of equity or stock. As you have heard from our Chairman in the past, our approach to returning capital to shareholders varies and it all depends on what we think is the most appropriate at that moment in time. But we do think that there will be a capital in all likelihood available to return to shareholders over the next several quarters.
Jay Cohen: Thats great. Thats helpful, Rob. Second question, you talked about some of the pricing trends that you are seeing, I am wondering if you could talk about what you are seeing from a claims standpoint. And I guess to highlight one line of business, workers compensation, specifically what you are seeing from a claims standpoint there?
Robert Berkley: Generally speaking, we continue to be pleased with the frequency trends there. There are some outliers. I referenced Florida earlier as a place that personally, there is the daylight is out of me as you maybe aware. They are  basically what they are doing is retroactively they are changing the benefits and fees. And as a result of that, what people thought their lost costs were, those are changing. So, the idea of lost cost and what people have thought they were when they priced the business may not prove to be reality.
Jay Cohen: Thats on workers comp by any other lines of business where the claims trends are surprising to you at all?
Robert Berkley: There is nothing thats outstanding, but I think as we have commented in the past, we continue to see potentially early signs of an uptick amongst the plaintiff bar and how well organized and focused they are and has again come through in the comp line and we are seeing early, early signs that it may present itself in other lines. Certainly, not at the point that anyone should hit the panic button, but from our perspective, its something we are paying attention to.
Jay Cohen: Great. Thanks for the comments.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thanks Robert. Actually, can I ask you expand that last answer about the Florida comp? I just want to make sure I have understood my reading of the issue. Can you just give me a sense, I know obviously a lot of the concern is on new business, but my understanding is it also applies to any sort of open inventories and share of unclosed claims. Can you just give a general sense of something we are writing in workers comp in the state of Florida, how much of their essentially back reserves might be exposed to this?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Honestly, I am not the Florida comp guru. There are other people who could opine on this. We do not have a lot of exposure there. I think we have a whopping $5 million or so of premiums. So, its not a big deal for us. But what I have heard and again dont go on this please, check it out yourself, but it is retroactive. It is on claims that are open and I have heard some commentary where there are some people that are actually trying to open old claims. So, this could potentially be quite meaningful. Again, I am not the expert. I would encourage you to talk to others and quite frankly a great resource is NCCI.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly, exactly. Great. And then just most of my other questions were answered. I guess, just one thing to pile on off the aviation question is I think the reason people are asking so much is just its a hard line to model as you guys say. And just it would be unfortunate if you were to miss next quarter, Q4 or whatever it is, for something you could disclose in advance on the aviation. So, if there is any color, maybe you can put on the Q that would help us model that would be much appreciated?
Robert Berkley: Its hard to give you an answer when we dont know it.
Ian Gutterman: No, I understood, okay.
Robert Berkley: Part of it is we dont lose the earnings that we closed. We dont know the date that we closed. So, thats a starter for why we dont know the answer. So, there is lots of reasons. We are not avoiding the answer. We just dont know it, giving the wrong answer generally gets people a lot more unhappy.
Ian Gutterman: I understood. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jamie England with [indiscernible]. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. Rob, I just wanted to call [indiscernible] nice with the companies that are sort of interesting times. And I am trying to get a sense of where you think we are, meaning if you look back over 10 years, you guys have had ROE of 14%. You have got book value per share growth, nice double-digits, what to you is the most important metric and what do you think about your ability to achieve that over the next 10 years?
Robert Berkley: Look, I think ultimately we believe our model has worked well and we think the fundamentals of that model will continue to serve us well and that is really a focus on expertise and a focus on parts of the market where its expertise that are the great differentiators and we continue to do that as we build out new operations and we continue to invest from the perspective and our existing operations and bringing in new talent. So, clearly, there are a lot of variables, a lot of questions as to how the business will operate over the next 10 years, and that ranges from predictive modeling to analytics to how product in many parts of the marketplace will be distributed and the list goes on from there. But fundamentally, we choose to participate in parts of the market that are not easily commoditized. We want to participate in parts of the market, where its people and expertise that makes the difference and we believe that approach has served us well and we believe it is applicable going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you speak to the question about sort of metrics and what you think is the most important things to you?
Robert Berkley: We focus on risk-adjusted returns. All returns are not created equally and we try and evaluate the risk that we are taking on and what is an appropriate return is associated with that. Ultimately, we are focused on obviously we are going hand-in-hand with risk-adjusted return, ROE.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Josh Shanker: Thank you. Good evening, everybody.
Robert Berkley: Good evening, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Can we talk a little bit, we got election seasons coming up about what you think the chances are for bipartisan tax reform?
Robert Berkley: You know what, in addition to being Chairman, our Chief Economist, he is also our Chief Lobbyist. So, I am going to yield to him on that one as well.
Bill Berkley: Hi, Josh. How are you?
Josh Shanker: Hey, Bill.
Bill Berkley: Tax reform, I dont know who is going to be elected President. Probably, either of the above will be a good outcome. I have no idea whether we are going to get tax reform or not. I think that the reality is that the tax system is not working, not just for the insurance industry, but for lots of parts of corporate America and how people behave or what people do. Will we get tax reform? We sure should. We need it. I spent last time in Washington as I become less enthusiastic about something happening. Last week, I spent time with our lobbyists and talked about it. It was more optimistic, because as they dont have much choice. So, I am slightly more positive than I was 2 years ago, but you surely cant bet on it.
Josh Shanker: And what about in the UK, I heard the rumblings of the UK taxes might come down, maybe benefiting Lloyds and whatnot in order to compete with EU?
Bill Berkley: They are talking about lowering the tax rate in the UK from 25 to 20, but they  I think they are talking about a lot of things in the UK. They havent yet turned in their resignation from the EU and we dont know whats going to happen there. So, I think there is a lot of uncertainty. We dont  I am just sort of trying to keep our company in a position so we have the optimal level of flexibility. Thats why we haven an EU domiciled company as well as a UK domiciled company. We are just trying to sit here to be sure we can do the best for our shareholders for the best return. Its why we are investing in different kinds of things in fixed income securities, because we couldnt get great returns that way. And we are just trying to be as nimble as possible and so we feel like we have some way to judge the future and its pretty comfortable.
Josh Shanker: Alright. Good luck, guys. Good luck. Take care.
Robert Berkley: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is a follow-up from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thanks. Just a number question, the $16 million to reserve release, can you breakdown into the insurance and reinsurance segments?
Robert Berkley: Yes. Generally speaking, we dont get into that detail in the call. It will be in the queue as it is  as it has been in the past.
Kai Pan: Great. Well, thanks.
Robert Berkley: Anything else?
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. W. Robert Berkley for any further remarks.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Andrea, thank you very much and thank you to all that dialed in. Again, from our perspective, we think the business is particularly really well positioned. We think the investments that we have made over the past few years and continue to make today are going to serve us very well over the foreseeable future. And as a result of our structure and the people that make up the organization, we are able to find opportunities and for that, more specifically, very attractive opportunities to make good risk adjusted returns when others that have a more traditional structure and perhaps you are not as nimble are not able to identify these type of opportunities as easily as we believe we can. So again, thank you for calling in and we look forward to speaking with you in about 90 days.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Robert Berkley - President & CEO Gene Ballard - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Vinay Misquith - Sterne, Agee Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator: Welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation, to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Robert Berkley, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Robert Berkley: Okay, thank you, Bridget and good afternoon everyone and again welcome to our first quarter call. So on this end of the phone I am joined by our executive Chairman Bill Berkley, as well as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gene Ballard. The game plan for the call today is - I'm going to start off by offering a few comments on the marketplace, a couple of sound bites on how I see we see the quarter. And then Gene's going to be running through the numbers with you all and then the three of us will be available to address any questions that you may have. So with regards to the market, by and large the natural continuation of what we saw in the second half of last year. The insurance marketplace continues to become incrementally more competitive while the reinsurance marketplace seems to be coming gradually a little less intensely competitive, though that is a very incremental change. Having said this, while it may seem as somewhat business as usual, there are a couple of events that are worth noting, that from our perspective could impact the marketplace and not in an immaterial way. First of all, I think at this stage everyone is reasonably familiar with the recent cat activity that not only went on during the first quarter that was certainly setting up the second quarter for a material series of cat losses, as well for the industry. Second of all, something we touched on last quarter, there is a fair amount of dislocation in the marketplace that is stemming from the degree of reorganization as well as M&A activity and I think we've been talking about this again for a couple of quarters at this stage and we're starting to see it really materialize in a distraction for some and an opportunity for others. And then finally, we're seeing a bit of a change in the reinsurance marketplace and if there was ever a part of the industry that deserved a break, it was probably the reinsurance market these days. And that is, a few years ago we started to see a change in buying habits of some of the largest purchasers of reinsurance. Ultimately they ended up increasing their intentions and reduced the amount of reinsurance they bought in a pretty dramatic way. Loss activity has come through and as a result of that it would seem as though they are yet again changing their habits and they are reentering the marketplace as customers. So again, I don't think that that is a silver bullet for the reinsurance market, but may be helpful in the balance between a supply and demand. One other comment in the broad sense about the marketplace and again something I mentioned last quarter and it has to do with the balance of the relationship or perhaps the tension at this stage between distribution and carriers. Something that we've been paying attention to and have been actually taking notice of for some time - there seems to be a growing level of tension between carriers and distribution. And ultimately we're concerned that this is actually going to become more and more pressurized as the insurance marketplace becomes more competitive and pricing potentially gradually erodes. Moving on, to the Company and its performance during the quarter and I'm going to keep my comments brief, otherwise my colleague Gene gets quite cross with me. So from our perspective, pretty solid quarter, good way to start out the year. The growth coming in at about six points, of that about one point was associated with rates. Certainly growth is something we pay a lot of attention to, we want to make sure we understand it, we want to make sure that is well-controlled. And I'll share with you a couple of high level metrics that we look at to make sure we have our head around the situation. So for starters, we have a look at our renewal-retention ratio which has consistently been around 80% and it remains at that level. And another metric that we look at is - we try and make sure we understand the pricing or the rate that we're charging for new business and we compare that rate for our new business to what we would be getting on a renewal business. And to make a long story short, we're charging an incremental premium above -- or an incremental additional premium for new business when compared to the renewal business. Giving us a degree of comfort that the integrity of the book is remaining intact and we're not buying business or burning our way into the market in any way, shape or form. I know we've talked a bit about how the market is becoming more challenging. From our perspective, there are still a number of opportunities out there and we think our structure lends itself for us to be able to be a bit more nimble - to use a bit of a scalpel or a laser as opposed to a cleaver. So what Gene is going to be talking about where we've grown, but having -- and he may speak to it in somewhat of a broad sense, but I would recommend or remind you that the growth is really in a very granular level, where its operating unit by operating unit in particular divisions. And for that matter, there are some parts of our business that have grown dramatically and there's certainly plenty of parts of our business that actually are shrinking. With regard to the loss ratio, 60:4, in line with our expectations.  Certainly, we did have some storm activity, but again, not anything extraordinary or beyond what we would have expected for the time of the year. Cat activity certainly can exist in the first quarter and has historically for us, but it's not an overwhelming number. Part of it goes to perhaps a little bit of luck, but I think by and large, us not having a larger or more outsized loss stemming from cat activity in the first quarter has more to do with our strategy around how we manage cat and how we think about volatility and make sure that we're getting paid appropriately for it. Expense ratio to 33:1 may on the surface appear to some as though we took a bit of a step backwards compared to the first quarter of 2015. Having said that, if you normalize that number again -- Gene will be sharing some numbers with you shortly. I think it's actually very much in line and it is certainly an improvement from what was on the second half of 2015. The reserves continue to develop to the positive, yet I think we're up to something along the lines of quarter number 37 of net-positive development at this stage. Having said that, it's really just a reflection of the approach that we take to setting reserves. Our view is that we want to err, if we're going to err, on the side of caution with the initial pick and as those reserves season out and we have more information we will tighten up those picks. Couple other comments on the investment front - certainly kudos to our colleagues that are managing the investment portfolio. Our yield at the end of the quarter, compared to the end of the -- rather, I'm sorry, our duration at the end of the quarter compared to the end of the year had shortened up a bit from 3.3 to 3.1 while they were able to maintain the same level of yield, as well as the same quality. And then finally, a couple of comments and you may have picked this up and our K, that we filed recently, we started in six new operations during 2015 and we've announced one new operation, that perhaps for some, was particularly noteworthy this year and that is organizing and planning to enter a particular niche within the personal line space. When we first made the announcement, we got a few questions around - why would you be going into the personal line space? Ultimately our view is that this piece of the personal line space is no different than, quite frankly, much of our overall strategic plan. And that is to focus on specialty products, specialty lines, where ultimately its knowledge and expertise which is how one differentiates themselves and ultimately focusing on a customer base and a distribution where they are willing to pay for the service and expertise. So I'm going to pause there and I'm going to hand it over to Gene and again, our Chairman and myself will be available to join Gene for any Q&A once he's done. Thank you.
Gene Ballard: Thank you, Rob. Well, as Rob said, we started the year with another solid quarter with operating income up 8% to $115 million and operating income per share up over 11% to $0.89. The improvement over a year ago was attributable to a 12% increase in underwriting profit, a 5% increase in investment income and a 3% decrease in the average number of shares outstanding. Before I go through the numbers, I want to mention you'll see on page 5 of the earnings release that we have combined the domestic and international businesses into one financial reporting segment. Background of that is that when we established those segments a few years ago, the domestic segment wrote essentially all of its business in the U.S. and the international segment wrote nearly all of the business outside of the U.S.. But since then our profile is very different. It's very different today. Now our largest international company which is our Lloyd's syndicate, for them the majority of their risks are actually located in the U.S. and for 11 of our U.S. profit centers, that are now insuring risk outside the U.S., in 2016 - and we expect that to grow significantly in future years - so that the distinction between the two segments was becoming less meaningful and we decided to put them together. We've posted a schedule on our website that presents the five-year historical underwriting results for the new insurance segment. Okay, going back to the release then, overall our net premiums written increased by 5.6% to almost $1.7 billion. For the insurance segment, premiums increased 4.5% to almost $1.5 billion. The growth was led by a 21% increase in workers' compensation business, with significant increases from both our mono-line work comp company as well as our specialty businesses. Professional liability lines were up 8.5% and property and other short tail lines were up 1.5%. On the other hand, commercial auto -- for commercial auto, premiums were down 7% as we continued to emphasize higher rates and other liability business was down 5%. For the reinsurance segment, the premiums increased 16% to $175 million with strong growth in the U.S. [indiscernible] business and that's primarily due to growth in structured property reinsurance. I mentioned these before - these are structured businesses that has very limited cat exposure and carries a lower than average loss ratio that is partially offset by higher profit commissions. Our overall underwriting profits increased 12% to $100 million and a combined ratio improved by four tenths of a point to 93.5. Our current accident year loss ratio before cat activity, was 60.2%, down almost one point from a year ago. Catastrophe related losses were $16 million. That represents one loss ratio point and is right in line with cat loss ratios for the first -- for both first quarters of both 2014 and 2015. Loss reserves developed favorably by $12 million, with nearly all the improvement in the insurance segment and as Rob said, that's now our 37th consecutive quarter with positive development. That gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 60.4, down 8 tenths of a point from a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the first quarter was 33.1, compared to 32.7 in the first quarter of 2015. The insurance segment expense ratio was 32.5, that's up a 10th of a point from the first quarter 2015 but slightly below the run rate for the last three quarters of 2015. And 2016 first quarter expense ratio includes 3 tenths of a point that are directly related to the six business initiatives that Rob referred to. So if you normalize the expense ratio for those investments, the ratio for the first quarter actually declined compared to the prior year by 2 tenths of a point. The reinsurance segment expense ratio increased almost 2.5 percentage points to 32 -- 38.2 - that increase was due primarily to the growth in the structured property business that I mentioned earlier, as well as to slightly lower overall earned premium volume for the segment. Investment income was up $6 million or 5%, to $130 million, three main components to that first income from fixed-income securities was up $1 million to $109 million with an annualized yield of 3.3% which is unchanged from the first quarter and the full year of 2015. Earnings from investment funds were up $10 million to $17 million, due primarily to improved results for energy funds. That gave the investment funds an annualized yield of five point -- 5.5% for the quarter which is in line with our target for investment funds. The third item, income from all other investments declined by $6 million, due to above-average returns for the merger arbitrage account in the first quarter of 2015. At March 31, 2016, unrelated investment gains were $258 million - that's up $77 million from the beginning of the year. The average rating was unchanged at a double A- and as Rob mentioned, we shortened the portfolio from 3.3 years in December 2015 to 3.1 years at March 31, 2016. The overall tax rate was 31.1 which is unchanged from the overall tax rate for the full year of 2015. That gives us net income of $115 million and overall return on equity of 10.4% and for comparison purposes, a pretax return on equity of 15.2%. Also during the quarter, we repurchased 734,000 shares of our own common stock for $37 million and for the first three months of the year, our book value per share increased $1.44 which is an increase of 15.4% on an annualized basis. Thank you.
Robert Berkley: Thank you, Gene. Okay, Bridget if we could open it up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Rob, one question on the reinsurance business, what drove the lift in premium there first time we have seen double digit increases in reinsurance for some time now so I'm just curious is that something that you expect will continue and is reflective of opportunities you see in the market?
Robert Berkley: That I think that it's unclear as to what exactly tomorrow will bring Mike. As far as a growth or the spike that you saw in the quarter as far as the reinsurance, that really came from this a couple of unique opportunities as Gene had suggested earlier on the property front where we entered some structured deals that we think are particularly attractive. But ultimately, it's unclear as to what the opportunity will be from the reinsurance marketplace as I suggested earlier, as we will have to see what the impact is of some of these historically very large buyers having exited in the past and they are entering and so no I don't think you should necessarily send this is the new run rate. We're an opportunistic participant, if we think that we can make it reasonable return we're prepared to participate, but this was I think somewhat of a one-off unique opportunity.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay and then can you give us -- thanks for that and then a little bit more on the merger or maybe Gene, just trying to square everything up here, can you tell us what you earned there in that?
Gene Ballard: Yes it was a positive earnings, it was about 3 million for the quarter.
Michael Nannizzi: About 3 million for the quarter. Okay. Got it. And then any impact from market movements in -- how you guys you are -- current quarter marks on your private equity is that right so like your any marks--
Robert Berkley: Our private equity is carried to the -- there's some private equity investments where we're the vast majority owner. We own the vast majority of it we carry the equity basis of accounting therefore, the only increase we show is our portion of share of the earnings of the enterprise. Those private equity investments which is very small where we're just an investor, we mark to market. So [indiscernible] equity would be an example where we don't mark to market, we carry it at cost which is sort of give or take $25 million and whatever our program share of the earnings are is what we gain from it
Michael Nannizzi: And then so when you called out that statement upfront where you talked about 100 million or more of annual gains. So in that are you sort of including some proportion or some piece of the health equity unrealized gains or unaccounted for gains?
Robert Berkley: Michael, we own a large amount of invest -- real estate for investment purposes. We own health equity as well as a number of other private equity investments and I tried to give because analyst like to have models I've tried to give them a number that they could plug-in. I didn't rely upon any one thing or another. What I said is if you put in 25 million a quarter or 100 million for the year, that would be sort of a reasonable number to assume and while both our lawyers and accountants weren't happy with me giving a number I felt to give some idea about it. So it isn't based on health equity, it isn't based on selling a building or whatever, it's based on in the ordinary course that's what I think will happen. It could easily be significantly more and obviously in some of it might not happen as we expect to go low for a while we've been able to do that.
Operator: Our next question is from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Just to follow on Mike's question on the $100 million year about the realized gains. I just wonder like how much is that your current like value market value versus [indiscernible], I just wonder how long could that $100 million year last?
Robert Berkley: A long time.
Kai Pan: And then on the hiring of the new team, I just wonder what do you see -- do see more opportunity in that front basically hiring more team?
Robert Berkley: Which new team -- you know we did six last year and we've done one this year so which one were you referring to and--
Kai Pan: Not specific team, I just wonder are there more other opportunities out there I just wonder--
Robert Berkley: I think the answer is in some ways the period that we're going through now is somewhat reminiscent of 2008, 2009, 2010 for different reasons and that is there is a lot of dislocation in the market, there are a lot of people or large organizations that for one reason or another are a very inwardly focused and that creates opportunity for organizations like ours to try and continue to find opportunities and to build and enhance the value of our franchise for our shareholders both organically through expanding our existing businesses as well as starting new operations. I think ultimately we're optimistic that we will be able to find other opportunities but I think you'll probably hear about them if and when we find them and start them when we do press releases about them.
Kai Pan: So would that have sort of any near term impact meaningful impact on your expense ratio?
Robert Berkley: I think that certainly it will have some impact, but do I think it's going to be earth shattering? No. I don't. As gene suggested earlier, at this stage, the expense ratio that we reported in the quarter was impacted to the tune of I guess 20 basis points I think it was in the quarter. So some of the things that we're looking at, some of the things that weve announced you can get up and running very quickly and the earned premium will start showing up relatively quickly. There are other things that it takes time to build and it takes time for the earned premium to show up. So will there be an impact, yes. Will it be overwhelming, no, I think we're quite confident that is manageable.
Kai Pan: So still the expense ratio will stay or going down from the second half '15 levels or probably stay the same in the near future?
Robert Berkley: I think since we don't know for sure what the opportunities will be tomorrow or what the opportunities are that quite frankly are even some of the things that we're working on that we can't talk about, it would be wrong for us to try and nail things down two basis points for you. Obviously we're conscious of our expense ratio we're conscious of being efficient, at the same time our goal is to create long term value for our shareholders and if there's an opportunity for us to invest in the short term we take a step back with the expense ratio but we think we will deliver long term value for the shareholders. We're prepared to do that in a controlled way.
Kai Pan: Okay. In terms of where you see like a big growth [ph] say in the Worker's Compensation more than 20% year-over-year and on the other lines like commercial auto where people love seen some price increase probably not still like you still [indiscernible] unattractive that -- contract business -- could you talk about these two lines in particular why you see opportunity in one versus the other?
Robert Berkley: So I think it's very important that one not paint with too broad of a brush. So let's use Worker's Compensation as an example. It varies very much by account size and it varies very much by region. So there are parts of the Worker's Compensation space that we find exceptionally attractive and we would like to take full advantage of those opportunities as long as they present themselves. There are parts of the auto space that have gotten meaningful rate increase and in spite of that, we do not think the rates are adequate. From our perspective, the marketplace overall as far as commercial auto offers niche opportunities where you can make a reasonable return and that is what we're focusing on. So the fact of the matter is when Gene talked about how that book has shrunk for us overall and he talked a little bit, if you look at the meaningful rate we are getting there, you put those two things together from an exposer perspective we're shrinking even more than it looks like because of the rate increases that we're getting. So that's sort of how we see it as far as getting more granular with you as to specifically where we see the micro niche opportunities and where we're trying to grow, I think that something that we will probably stop short of as far as getting into that level of detail because we're not looking to increase the crowd around the watering hole any quicker than will happen naturally.
Kai Pan: Last question, big picture Rob, you alluded to as growing tension between distribution and carrier, could you expand a little bit on that? Thank you so much
Robert Berkley: I will make a couple of comments and then I'm going to yield to my boss here who always is well -- he's a little less filtered than me so it seems to have an entertaining component to it. But our general observation is this, that the companies are trying to maintain or perhaps grow their margins, the distribution is trying to do the same thing. At the same time if you look at the insurance marketplace, rates are plateaued in all likelihood are gradually going to decrease and that creates tension and pressure and ultimately it would seem as though everyone is so focused on how they maintain their margins and how they keep the world happy every 90 days that is getting the way of distribution and carriers, finding ways to work together to bring more value to the customer. Because ultimately as technology evolves and customer behavior evolves over time, the master that we both have to please whose needs we both need to address is ultimately the insured. So that was the censored version and now youre going to get the uncensored version.
Gene Ballard: The long and the short of the situation is the big picture is technology is moving to dis-intermediate the current distribution system to some extent. The fact is that that's a long term problem and at the same time as we're moving in that direction, the existing distribution system instead of working with companies to try and find ways to deliver value to the customer is more focused on how to improve their margins and at the same time insurance companies are faced with the need for more underwriting margin because their investment margins are declining. So you have a natural crisis. Everyone wants a bigger piece of a shrinking pie. And it's unfortunate that much of the distribution for at least the very largest agencies have decided to not just make a continuing non-reduction in their commission rates, but have tried to find ways to generate additional marginal commissions which come frankly directly at the expense of the final customer. They make it as though it seems to be an additional amount paid by the insurer. But if the insurer can afford to pay that additional amount, the amount really should go to the benefit of reduced cost to the insured. Somehow that seems to have escaped those large brokers. So ultimately, we have to serve the customer in an open and transparent way this intermediation accelerates.
Kai Pan: Where you find way -- I just follow on that where you find alternative distribution yourself?
Gene Ballard: I don't think that's what we're suggesting. We're just suggesting in the big picture, there's a challenge going forward and we all have to get on the same team to deliver value to the customer now. We're not -- we believe in the human participation and distribution, for the customer we continue to do that and we don't see any change in that method obviously just as in automobile insurance, there are various methods for getting direct and I'm sure for some small policies that will leave -- we're not rushing in that direction. We think everyone will ultimately be sensible and know we have to serve the best interest of the customer.
Operator: Our next question is from Vinay Misquith with Sterne, Agee. Your line is open.
Vinay Misquith: The first question is on growth and you seem to be pretty excited about the opportunities you have. And then I look at the numbers and they are up about 4% in the primary insurance operations, most of the growth is coming from workers comp, could you help me understand I mean are you pulling back on some lines and that's what's negatively impacting the overall growth for the company?
Robert Berkley: Look there are parts for the business that a growing as I suggested earlier and there are parts of the business that are shrinking and I think as weve shared with you in the past and others we're in business to make money not necessarily just to issue insurance policies for the sake of issuing insurance policies. We're in the market every day trying to provide product and provide continuity to the marketplace in our offering. Having said that ultimately if there are parts of the market that move away from our pricing then we're prepared to shrink. So yes, the answer is there are parts of our business that are shrinking right now, auto would be an example of that, again that's just the reality of operating in a cyclical business when you're focused on profitability and return.
Vinay Misquith: Then on the expense side, this quarter the underwriting expenses were about $505 million in total for the Company. Is that the run rate that we should be looking at for the future or do you think that's going to creep up if you make some new hires.
Vinay Misquith: I think that the expense ratio where it fits in the low-30s is not a bad expectation for people to have going forward. I don't think it would make sense for me to try and nail it down to the last hour dollar. Certainly we saw a meaningful opportunity to expand our business last year with the six new operations that we referenced and it takes time for those businesses to get up and running and even it takes a little bit longer for that earned premium to show up and for them to get to scale. And so Gene made the comment about the impact on the expense ratio for businesses that are two years old or less. Again in addition to that, we expect a meaningful investment that we will be making in the high net worth personal line space that does require infrastructure it does require investment and we think that it's a worthwhile investment for the shareholders that will yield meaningful returns over time. As far as other investment opportunities that will present themselves or that we're currently examining, it's hard to know for sure how that will play out but we think it is likely that it will be additional opportunities for us to expand our franchise and develop more value for shareholders. So do I think the expense ratio long story short can pick up between now and the end of the year? Yes, I think it's possible it will as we're investing in new opportunities and ultimately if we werent pursuing some of these new opportunities I think we would be doing the shareholders a disservice in the long run.
Vinay Misquith: And the last point was on the realized gains, so it seems that you guys, got about $25 million pretax of realized gains, is that correct and then was it offset in part by some TTI, so here's about the source of the $25 million of gains and also the $18 million of TTI.
Robert Berkley: So the gains were primarily in the fixed income arena.
Gene Ballard: Nondomestic fixed-income
Robert Berkley: That's right
Gene Ballard: And so TTI was a common stock that had been underwater for more than a year and we marked it down. Those are the rules. One of the problems with TTI is you get them mark them down but not mark them up, so if they are down for 12 months you mark them down but as they go up the next day it doesnt matter.
Vinay Misquith: So for the $25 million of realized gains, that's from the sale of fixed income securities right? I mean that wasn't part of--
Robert Berkley: It's really more complicated than that. But it's not selling a core part of our portfolio, it is not from selling a core part of our portfolio
Vinay Misquith: Okay, so it's not part of the $100 million that you had said before, okay
Robert Berkley: No.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen : Just one follow-up from an earlier question first, on the issue of this tension between carriers and intermediaries, I guess their view is while they are searching for higher revenue and higher-margin, they would suggest that they are providing value added services for those revenue. I suspect you wouldnt fully agree with that but I wouldnt mine your comment on it.
Robert Berkley: I don't think we're necessarily commenting on the value that they bring, were not questioning the value that they bring to their clients. We're merely suggesting that ultimately when the days all done, there is a bit of tension there. And in what seems to be looking like a softening insurance market, it is likely that that tension may increase over time and as my father reminds me and reminds others, that ultimately it's a partnerships. There are moments in time when the carriers are the senior partner and there are moments in time when the distribution is the senior partner, but ultimately in the long run for us all to survive one needs to be conscious of their obligation to their partnership and their need to survive as well.
Jay Cohen: Second question on the personalized business and I was certainly one of the people that took note of that investment. It sounds like you got the right person to run that business and clearly it's a good business to be and is proven by legacy [indiscernible] over many years, but it's also kind of sticky. And I would suspect this is going to take really quite a while for you to get enough scale for this to meaningfully impact your earnings or even positively impact your earnings, can we get a sense of the time, Rob that you're thinking about with this venture?
Robert Berkley: Well, at this stage Jay, we expect that the business will be operational sometime next year. Again back to the point earlier, it does require time to set up the infrastructure, amid a product so that takes time as well to get the filings etcetera and when is it that we will get to breakeven and to profitability, clearly our expectation that it will be measured in years but we think that it is a manageable period of time and again we believe deeply in the opportunity, we believe deeply in the people's ability to create the opportunity into a reality and create value for their shareholders. So my sense is that I'm not answering your question with the precision that you would like and quite frankly that's by design.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman: I actually had a follow-up as well on the high net worth Rob, I think the challenge of that business is being able to compete on the cost side, meaning to be able to build up a sufficient claims operation and distribution infrastructure and especially given the high demand for a lot of those clients. Can you just talk about how without being -- obviously youve the same scale like some of the bigger players, do you think you can be competitive on a cost side of that?
Robert Berkley: I think it's going to take some time for us to get the critical mass where we're able to be as efficient as some others. Having said that we think over a reasonable period of time we will be to get enough scale that we're able to make a reasonable return and again that will take some time. As far as the details and the minutia of how we will be structured and how we will try and be efficient yet strike the balance between that and also providing the customer service, I think you're asking me to go a little bit deeper into the strategy and the business plan and I think it would really make sense for us to do on this call.
Ian Gutterman: If maybe I can try one of other way of asking this a little bit broader, is there some kind of technology play that you guys think youve by been new that you dont have a lot of legacy cost that other people would have?
Robert Berkley: I think clearly any time someone is starting a new business, in a mature space and will be competing primarily against mature players that have a legacy, there are pluses and minuses. The fact of the matter is, we're in the process of putting together a team of people that are very knowledgeable about the subject matter but are very bright and are open-minded as to is there a better way to do what has been done in the past. So we're confident again that this will prove to be a very worthwhile venture for the shareholders. We think the team of people that will be managing the capital on behalf of the shareholders in this space are very seasoned and thoughtful and we're thoroughly convinced that this is a great opportunity to allow for value to be created for shareholders and increasing the franchise
Gene Ballard: In our history we started 45 companies, 44 of them are still running and they are either profitable or right on the edge of profitability we have had a pretty good record of being able to assess what it takes to do this. And the person who has led most of that is Rob and I can assure you that he's not the only one who's confident. So is everybody else who's been involved.
Ian Gutterman: In sounds very promising, I was hoping to learn more. The other I wanted to ask about was I think in the last year or two youve grown your Florida homeowners reinsurance a good amount, the cat exposure in your reinsurance book--
Robert Berkley: Hold on one second, we need to create a little bit of a distinction there. So first of all yes we have grown our Florida homeowners product and this is through our reinsurance, having said that, there are meaningful event caps and significant exclusions as far as coverage when it comes to natural catastrophes. So I think that while there is a modest amount of cat exposure that comes with it, I would encourage you to think of that less as a cat play. I know that - it shows up in the yellow books and in other filings where it could be misinterpreted so hopefully we been able to rectify the understanding.
Ian Gutterman: No that's great, what I was going to ask is something a little bit in between which is I believe a lot of is quota share which also limits some of the exposure but I was wondering in Florida it seems there's an issue that has up about the last year so this assignment of benefits thats causing trouble for a lot of the primaries. So I was wondering if that's something you would have some risk for as a quota share to them and not as big as a cat obviously but is that something that you're concerned about?
Robert Berkley: It's certainly not something that we're particularly preoccupied with. Were familiar with the situation but we don't think it's an overwhelming concern for us and our willingness to continue
Ian Gutterman: And just one numbers question for Gene, about the pay loss ratio
Gene Ballard: 52% compared to 515, a year ago, very favorable
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Berkley for closing remarks.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Bridget and thank you all for calling and joining for us the discussion today. From our perspective as I've referenced earlier this is a bit of a unique moment for our organization and perhaps others to take advantage of some of the dislocation that I think we're acutely aware of that exists in the marketplace today. It's somewhat of a unique moment and some way's for different reason. We've gotten to this place where there's massive dislocation not dissimilar to sort of 2008 and 2009 and we have been able to take advantage of that. In addition to that I think our approach to risk-adjusted return and how we think about volatility and getting paid appropriately in part was demonstrated in our cat results in the quarter and hopefully that does not go unnoticed. So as we look out for the balance of '16, while perhaps there are parts of the market that are challenging and more challenging today than they were yesterday, we still see meaningful opportunity to grow our business in a sensible way and continue to enhance value for shareholders. So again thank you very much for tuning in and we will talk to in 90 days. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: W. Robert Berkley, Jr. - CEO and President Eugene Ballard - EVP, CFO William Berkley - Executive Chairman
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Vinay Misquith - Sterne, Agee Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Brian Meredith - UBS
Operator: Good day and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believes, expects and estimates. We caution you that forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2015 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Robert Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you, Bridgett, and good afternoon and welcome to our fourth quarter call. The agenda we have laid out is I'm going to start with some general comments, then we're going to hand it over to Gene to walk you through the numbers and provide some highlights, and then we'll move on to the Q&A where our Chairman, Gene and I will be available to answer any questions people have. So, starting out with a couple of comments on the marketplace. By and large market conditions were consistent with what we've seen over the past several quarters. The reinsurance marketplace remained seriously competitive, though the pace of the erosion seems to be slowing, particularly on the domestic market. We're also seeing a slowing in the entry of new alternative capital providers in the reinsurance space. And having said that, we'll have to see if that trend continues. On the international insurance front, certainly this has remained a very competitive market, at least in the marketplaces that we participate in. Having said that, while we've seen several carriers over the past few years increasing their footprint, it would seem as though some of them are beginning to pause and perhaps in some cases reconsider these plans. As it relates to the domestic insurance business, very much as in the past, a mixed bag. Yes, marginally in the aggregate more competitive. Having said that, the cat-exposed property market continues to be remarkably competitive. Perhaps this is a result or an extension from what's been going on in the cat reinsurance market. Commercial auto, while rate increases are achievable, certainly the margins in that space continue to give us reason to pause. Having said that, on the other hand, the casualty market, the professional market and the comp market, while not across the board, certainly offer several pockets where there's very attractive opportunity to deploy capital and generate good returns. So, having said all of this, while it does appear like it's such a natural extension of earlier quarters during 2015, the fact is over the past several months there's been quite a bit of change, if you peel a few layers back. There's been a significant amount of M&A going on, and in addition to that, several large companies are going through some very meaningful reorganizations. As a result of that, we are seeing the potential for a lot of disruption in the P&C space. Perhaps this dislocation will actually prove to be as meaningful as some have speculated, which ultimately could generate a great opportunity for carriers like ourselves and others. On a different note, a quick comment about distribution. Clearly as the marketplace is becoming more competitive for both carriers and distribution, there's a growing amount of pressure or tension between the two parties. Hopefully while everyone is busy trying to find ways to maintain their margins, people will not lose sight of the ultimate goal which is to find ways to work together to bring more demonstrable additional value to customers. And finally, a comment on interest rates. We have had a view for some time that interest rates would be moving up. I think our view has been modified somewhat. Not that rates will be moving up but, quite frankly, we think it may be a more gradual process than some have suggested. We will see over time. Obviously we are reminded that, in spite of the improvements in the U.S. economy as a result of globalization, the U.S. economy is not insulated from some of the challenges that other meaningful economies around the world are facing. A couple of sound bites on our operation, before I flip it over to Gene. Certainly the top line we thought was a reasonable growth rate. Obviously it was somewhat impacted by FX. Having said that, when you peel a few layers back, we are growing where we think the opportunities are, and quite frankly, where we don't see the opportunities, that is where our book is shrinking. Ultimately we think that you can see in our press release that there are certain places where the margins are very healthy and we are looking to increase our footprint there. So I'm going to pause there and hand it over to Gene and let him run through the numbers.
Eugene Ballard: Okay. Thanks, Rob. Well, we closed the year with another solid quarter with operating income of 18% to $115 million and operating income per share of 22% to $0.89. The improvement from over a year ago was led by higher investment income and a modest increase in underwriting profits. Our overall net premiums written increased 3% to $1.5 billion. For the domestic segment, premiums increased 8%, with professional liability lines up 29%, workers' compensation business up another 13%, and other liability lines up 9%. Partially offsetting those was an 8% decline in commercial automobile business where we continue to emphasize needed rate increases. For the international segment, net premiums declined 11% to $185 million, due primarily to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. In local currency terms, the decline in international premiums was 2% as growth in Canada, South America was offset by lower premiums in Europe and Australia. And our global reinsurance premiums were down 10% to $146 million due to the impact of the continuing soft market conditions for the reinsurance business in both the U.S. and abroad. Our pretax underwriting profits were up 7% in the quarter to $107 million and the combined ratio improved by two-tenths of a point to 93.1. For the current accident year, our pre-cat loss ratio declined 1.1 points from a year ago to 60.0, with all three business segments reporting accident year loss ratios between 58% and 61%. Cat losses were just $11 million, compared with $18 million a year ago. In the current quarter there were no individual events with losses more than $2 million. And the overall cat loss ratio was just seven-tenths of a point. Prior-year reserves developed favorably by $15 million or 1 loss ratio point, with positive development for the domestic and reinsurance segments and essentially no change in reserves for the international business. That's now 36 consecutive quarters that we've reported positive reserve development. So in total that gives us a calendar year loss ratio of 59.8, down a full percentage point from a year ago. Turning to expenses, our overall expense ratio for the quarter was 33.3, compared with 32.5 in the fourth quarter of 2014. Looking at it by segment, the domestic expense ratio increased eight-tenths of a point to 31.2, due primarily to higher DAC amortization. For the full year, the domestic expense ratio, which was also 31.2, was four-tenths of a point below full year 2014 and right in line with our business plan. The international expense ratio increased 1.3 percentage points from a year ago to 41.5, due in part to a lower premium volume. On the other hand, the fourth quarter expense ratio of international was almost 2 points below the third quarter expense ratio as we're beginning to see the benefit of the international expense initiatives that we talked about on our last earnings call. And finally, the reinsurance expense ratio increased 2 percentage points to 39.4, also due in part to lower premium volume -- lower premium volume. In addition, as I mentioned in the last couple of calls, the 2015 reinsurance expense ratio includes the impact of certain structured property [CREs] [ph] that paid profit commissions if losses are below a stated level. And although these contracts continue to be quite profitable, they added 1.5 points to the expense ratio for the segment. Turning to investments, our investment income was up 12% to $128 million. Earnings from our internally managed investments, including our arbitrage trading account, were in line with prior year at $116 million and an average annualized yield of 3.1%. Income from investment funds was $11 million in the current quarter, compared to a loss of $4 million a year ago. The improvement reflects higher earnings from real estate funds as well as a foreign investment fund that was partially offset by a previously reported loss of $12 million for energy funds. For the full year, investment funds reported aggregate pretax earnings of $62 million and an average return on investments of 5.2%. Also in the current quarter we reported realized gains of $13 million and recognized [another] [ph] temporary impairments of $21 million. The impairments are related to declines in fair value for equity investments in both the energy sector and the financial services sector. At December 31, 2015, the average credit rating for the portfolio was AA-minus and the average duration was 3.3 years. With the increase in interest rates and spreads in 2015, the after-tax unrealized gains declined by $115 million to $181 million at December 31st. Of course, with the subsequent decrease in rates in January, that's moved significantly back in the other direction. Unrealized currency translation losses also increased by $125 million in 2015 as a result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our holdings in non-denominated -- non-U.S. denominated securities including the British pound, euros, Australian and Canadian dollar. That gives us an operating income of $115 million for the quarter and an operating ROE of 10%, and for the full year, it gives us a net income of $504 million, earnings per share of $3.87, 20% increase in cash flow to $881 million, and a net income return on equity of 11%.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Okay. Thank you, Gene. So as you all can see, a solid quarter. We're particularly pleased with the improvement in international. Our work is not done there, but certainly a meaningful improvement on the loss ratio front. And as Gene suggested, while perhaps the improvement is not visible on the expense front when comparing fourth quarter to fourth quarter, if you compare the fourth quarter to the third quarter, meaningful improvement there. We are not done there, more work to do, but we expect the trend to continue. So, overall, again, happy with the quarter. Thought it was a good year. Additionally, because of the nature of our business, we have a fair amount of visibility as to what 2016 is going to look like, and barring any unforeseen event, I think we are reasonably confident that we will be able in 2016 to improve from where we were in 2015. So we will be pausing at this stage. Again you have Chairman Bill Berkley, Gene and myself available to answer questions. Bridget, if you could please open it up.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thanks so much. Hey, Rob, could you talk a little bit about -- maybe a little bit more about the expense ratio in domestic? Nice growth there. It's sort of been sitting here still above 31%, and we are sort of assuming that the trend line last couple of quarters represented would continue just given the growth there. Can you talk a little bit about what's happening and, you know, how we should be thinking about that?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Well, Gene, as you commented, there was a bit of a component having to do with DAC. But I think the other piece that we have there is that, while we haven't made big public announcements about it, we have added over the past couple of quarters, call it, about a handful of teams to the organization. And as a result of that, we've incurred not an insignificant amount of expense. It takes time for that earned premium to come through. Having said that, honestly, Mike, from our perspective, can, as we've discussed in the past, can we improve from the 31? Yeah, I think maybe we can over time improve from the 31. But it's unlikely that you're going to see us getting to a level that's significantly below where we are today just because of the nature of our domestic business. We are a significant specialty player and a fair amount of that is coming through a wholesaler. We need to both address the need of a wholesaler as well as ultimately a retailer. So, do I think that we were adversely impacted, and Gene commented on this earlier, to a certain extent by DAC, do I think -- yes, that is clearly the case. Having said that, as our model has been for years, we tend to prefer to start businesses up. We think that's a more controlled model. But as a result of that, the earned lags the expenses, and I think you're seeing a bit of that as well. Having, again, having said that, I don't think you should be expecting our domestic business to pass significantly to -- or should really get to a level materially below where we're running. Can we get down to 30%? Yes. Can we maybe get to 29%? Yes. But we'll need to see a hard market akin to like what we saw in 2003, 2004 to get there.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay, thanks for that. And then, how should we be thinking about the investment funds, the income from those funds in 2016 and just given the sort of rough start here at the beginning of the year, you know, can you give us just some context for how we should be thinking about that and do you plan to reallocate within that cluster of assets?
William Berkley: Michael, it's Bill.
Michael Nannizzi: Hey, Bill.
William Berkley: I think that, first of all, the allocation of our resources, we're down to probably $100 million in total investments in our energy funds, and that's the total exposure. I think the first quarter, we'll have a modest loss, probably $4 million, $5 million, $6 million, from the energy funds. A number of the other funds who are -- we already have the results for, a couple of real estate funds, are quite positive. So the funds for the first quarter will be okay. I think that, you know, the only fund that's had real volatility that's been surprising has really been the oil fund, and that's followed everything else in the oil industry. The rest of the funds have been reasonably consistent performers. And we have a wide diversity of funds, so.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
William Berkley: I think that we'll continue doing the things that we do in those funds, our real estate investments and so forth.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then, if I could, I think we've, on prior calls, we've talked about the tax rate and the fact that it's relatively high compared to peers. I mean, is there -- is that an area where we can expect you're looking at potential ways to improve your efficiency there? And if so, can you just kind of let us know what you might be thinking about doing or what we might be able to see in the future?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Mike, the answer is yes, we are very conscious of it. And certainly we as an organization, our Chairman in particular, has been reasonably clear about our views as an organization. We are aware of the challenges around it compared to some of those that we compete against. And we are -- it is on our radar screen as far as our plans. Certainly it's something again that we think a lot about, but I don't think at this stage there's really anything to discuss beyond that. I would add, however, that we do in our press release provide a pretax number because we think that it's important for investors to be able to compare on an apples to apples basis, putting aside tax the underlying earnings power of a business. It's not that the tax isn't real, it's not that it doesn't impact our model compared to some that we compete against. At the same time, there is oftentimes more than one way to look at a situation.
William Berkley: I think we could add something else. I mean it's -- one of the things when you assess short-term tax rates versus asset exposures and so forth, there are plenty of people who choose asset mixes such as municipal bonds and so forth, that give you lower tax rate but don't really give you over a long term better returns. So I think that we try and look at overall returns, and in the short term that can penalize us from the tax rate point of view. We think we still make the right decision. And if you take note, our percentage of our portfolio that represents municipal bonds has gone down substantially as returns have been such that we could realize substantial gains in that part of the portfolio.
Michael Nannizzi: All right. I guess, and with the gap now with peers, the tax rate differential is wider in part because the municipal bonds aren't there as well. So I guess I'm just --
William Berkley: It's also more of our peers have moved offshore.
Michael Nannizzi: Also fair. Also fair. Yes, so I guess I'm just, you know, I think Robbie answered it, but I guess my question is, are you spending, is this an area that's getting more attention as time goes on or, you know, is it something --
William Berkley: Couldn't get more attention, Mike.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yeah.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: We are aware of it, Mike.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan: Thank you. So the first question is on capital management. It looks like you didn't repurchase any shares in the quarter. I just wonder, is it because the stock price, where you consider other options such as special dividends, or potentially growing the business either organically or inorganically?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yeah. I think the answer to that is obviously, quite frankly, very consistent with what I think you've heard in the past, we are conscious of trying to manage our capital effectively and in the best interest of our shareholders. We look out at our growth prospects and what we think our capital needs will be. To the extent that there is excess capital, then we will try and figure out what the optimal way to return shareholder -- value to shareholders, whether that be through a dividend or repurchase. As far as the specifics around the special dividend or repurchase, no different than in the past, it's not really something that we get into a lot of detail. But what I can assure you of is that capital management remains something that we are focused on in the past and continue today.
Kai Pan: Okay. Just following up on that, do you -- you have a pretty nice growth in terms of top line and you'll hire additional teams for future growth. I just wonder, would that consume part of your capital generated through your operations going forward?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Certainly we think that it is possible our business will grow in 2016 compared to 2015, and as a result of that, presumably, there would be a need for additional capital. Having said that, obviously our growth is dependent on what market conditions are. Ultimately we can't control the market. We can only control our actions and our activity. So, again, do we think there is opportunity for growth given how we see the market conditions at this stage? Yes. And as a result of that, will that create an opportunity, a situation where we will be consuming perhaps a bit more capital? Yes, that's correct.
Kai Pan: Okay. Second question is that you commented in the prepared remarks that you expect better returns with 2016. Just drill down a little bit on that. Given -- can you talk about the price environment, also investment returns? And what gives you confidence that you'll be able to generate better returns in the coming year?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Well, first of all, I think I suggested to you that we think that 2016 will be a better year than 2015. Return is certainly one of the metrics one might use. I don't think that was the metric that I use. Putting that aside, the optimism around 2016 is because, as you know, our reported results, we earn that premium through, so we -- over a period of time. So we have a fair amount of visibility as to what our earned premium is going to be. We also have a fair amount of insight as to what our loss picks [ph] are running. And to, ultimately, again, we just feel like we have that visibility, gives us the comfort that we think 2016 will be a better year. Additionally, some of the noise that came out of the international segment that we referenced earlier and have discussed on past calls, we do not anticipate that rearing its head again. In fact, we are expecting improvement from here.
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. Lastly, if I may, on the investment side, can you give updates on the -- in the past I think you talked about this before, Bill, about some of the investment actually you mark sort of the book value rather than its mark-to-market value. Given all the market movements, what's your estimate in terms of book value per share --
William Berkley: It's come down a lot. How much? My guess is it's probably come down $150 million from where it was, so it's probably come down significantly. On the other hand, candidly, coupled with pieces of real estate seem to have better values than we expected based on some transactions that have taken place. But clearly the market has gone down and certainly, at least the health equity where we're a big shareholder is down from where it was by, let's just say, round numbers, $150 million.
Kai Pan: Okay --
William Berkley: As of now. As of the end of the year it was substantially less than that. But I'm marking it to today's price.
Kai Pan: Great. Where do you, Bill, where do you see investment opportunities? Because like given the track record the past few years, actually a lot of book value gains that are coming from these harvesting gains as well as these investments, and given the market condition, do you think that opportunity becoming less going forward? What were you still find the areas that could provide additional returns?
William Berkley: Always better opportunities when everyone else thinks there are none. So we're really quite optimistic. And we see numerous opportunities, where people are more concerned or need financing, because we buy things without debt, without financing, and we can go in and do a transaction without needing any financing, any contingency based on things we know and understand. So we continue to see great opportunities.
Kai Pan: Thank you so much for all the answers. Robert, congratulations in assuming the CEO role.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you. It's very kind of you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Hey, thanks. My first question is I guess going back to Rob's prepared remarks on interest rates, and it sounded like a modification of the view there, that interest rates still rise but more gradually. Just wondering, practically speaking, if that has an impact on either your investment philosophy or how you're thinking about trends.
William Berkley: I think that the answer to that really is that we're just trying to indicate that clearly deficit spending ultimately is going to bring about higher interest rates in our view. But as long as governments continue to find ways to defer paying the piper, that's not going to happen, and it seems like they've been able to find ways for a long time. So our expectation of increasing interest rates is just not happening. We thought rates would be up 100 basis points this year. We think it's probably not so likely.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: This year being 2016.
William Berkley: This year being 2016. And we just -- we're in a quandary. We sit here and say, what's and who is going to do what? And is inflation in fact going to take hold as we anticipate? So we're trying to be more cautious and not in fact sit here and wait. So I think we're just taking a little more cautious stance.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. But no change to your, I guess, your view of trend given the lack of inflation, or just thoughts on how you might deploy the short-term portion of your investment portfolio?
William Berkley: Our short-term portion of investments is something we continually try to find creative ways where we don't need as much liquidity as we have. So, are there things we can do where we give up instant liquidity but maintain that AA, AAA quality of risk? So we're willing to give up instant liquidity and have three-month liquidity to get a little bit better yield. But the fact is, in the past 30 days or so, five-year treasury is down by 50 basis points. That's a hell of a change. And people who close their eyes to those changes are nave. That's a huge change, and if you look at our cash flow, we generate $700 million, $800 million, $900 million a year of cash flow. That makes a difference in how we invest our money, and we're shooting for a three-year duration. So we're just constantly trying to figure out how and what do we do. And the cornerstone for our operation for our short-term money is we have lots of liquidity, we can give up our short-term instant liquidity, but we can't and aren't willing to give up the quality of our portfolio.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: As far as the picks around loss trend, as we've discussed with comments [ph] in the past, we tend to err on the -- mature [ph], then we will recognize the fact that we took a very measure approach to begin with. But certainly if inflation continues to be as benign for the foreseeable future as it's been over the past several years, we as an organization, from the reserve perspective, would do that as a plus.
Ryan Tunis: Okay. Thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vinay Misquith with Sterne, Agee. Your line is open.
Vinay Misquith: Hi, good evening. The first question is the accident year loss ratio ex cats. We saw that at about 60.0% this quarter. This was about 100 basis points better than last quarter and the year-ago quarter. Just wondering what's happening with that.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Gene, would you like to comment or would you like me to?
Eugene Ballard: Well, the one observation I was going to make is, you know, as we get towards the end of the year, obviously we learn more information as the year goes along, and by the time we get to the end of the year, we've got a pretty good idea where it's going to land. We might be a little cautious towards the beginning of the year and, you know, we firm that up.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that's fair enough. And should we expect that could deteriorate slightly next year given the fact that pricing is likely not keeping trend with loss cost?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I'm sorry, you were breaking up a little bit. Would you mind repeating the question?
Vinay Misquith: Sure. Sorry. So, should we expect the accident year loss ratio ex cat to deteriorate slightly in 2016 versus 2015 given that pricing is not keeping trend with loss cost trend?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I wouldn't -- suggest that you not leap to that conclusion. First of all, that would be -- you would be making an assumption that our portfolio is not changing and the mix of business isn't changing, for starters, which would be the wrong assumption. And in addition to that, again, trying to figure out how far I can go here, we feel very comfortable with our loss picks and it's certainly possible that there will continue to be good news to come.
William Berkley: See, he made the mistake, he let the lawyers sit next to him. I never sit next to the lawyers.
Vinay Misquith: Right.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I try to answer your question without answering it. Hopefully you got --
Vinay Misquith: I think I got the answer. Okay.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you. What else can we share with you?
Vinay Misquith: Yeah, the follow-up is on the net investment income. I mean, that was much, much better than what we thought, especially on the fixed income side on the core portfolio. How did it increase much quarter over quarter and year over year?
William Berkley: It was pretty much what we thought it was going to be. We -- maybe it was the cash flow, but I mean it was pretty much in line with what our expectations were.
Eugene Ballard: Yeah, it was.
William Berkley: I mean I think it -- I look at it compared to our expectations, and it was insignificantly different. So maybe if you can chat with Karen [ph] about your forecast for that. But it was right on with, you know, it was not significantly different than our forecast.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that's helpful. And then one last thing if I may. You said that there are some opportunities in the market because of what's happening with some competitors.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yup.
Vinay Misquith: Those competitors are larger competitors. Just curious if you're seeing some opportunities in your space too.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: So let me offer a couple of sound bites and I suspect my boss has a view to share as well. I think for -- there are several opportunities that have come into focus from our perspective. Some of those opportunities we had capitalized on, some of those we have explored and decided not to pursue, and some of those opportunities we continue to explore. The fact of the matter is, by and large, whenever there is a meaningful merger or acquisition, that creates a degree of overlaps or uncertainty or potential dislocation, that impacts both the people within the organization and it also can honestly impact people outside of the organization such as the distribution system and customers. So we certainly have seen opportunities as a result of the M&A activity. We expect we will see more. In addition to that, as you and others are aware, just like we're aware, there are some very meaningful organizations in the P&C space that seem to be going through a process of looking in the mirror and making some significant changes. As a result of that, that is creating some uncertainty, confusion and ultimately potentially opportunity as well for organizations like ourselves for both talent and business. So all things being equal, from our perspective, we do think that there are some opportunities that we've been able to capitalize on and we think that there will be more to come. From our perspective, as we've suggested to some in the past, insurance business is fundamentally two things. It's capital and it's people. We believe capital is ever more a commodity and people are what makes the difference. So the opportunity to attract talented people from other organizations is certainly something that we are focused on.
Vinay Misquith: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yeah, thank you. Good evening everybody.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Good evening, Josh.
Josh Shanker: Good evening. So if you improved the international business, I'm wondering if you can drill down a little bit into maybe what lines of business need fixing and how you measure success, and ultimately whether you think you have a core competency in international markets the way you do in the domestic markets.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: A couple of questions there, so let me try and take them one at a time. First of all, we do believe that everything is not perfect, every plate is not spinning perfectly, but we think we are well on our way down the path to a better place. I appreciate the comment, but I don't think everything in the markets here we have running perfectly either. As far as core competencies go, we do not necessarily take the same approach that other organizations take, particularly very large multinationals. We have no desire to be in every market around the world. We have a desire to participate in market niches within markets where we're able to compete based on expertise. Obviously there are some places where we have not succeeded in doing that, hence, some of the results and some of the discussion that we've shared with you in the past. Having said that, we, as I suggested a moment ago, we believe that we are well on our way to remedy that. So, quite frankly, I think our strategy outside of the United States is not dissimilar to our strategy in the United States. We are not trying to be the global all things to all people. We are trying to find niche opportunities in other markets where it makes sense outside of the United States to achieve reasonable risk-adjusted returns. In several markets that we participate in, Latin America would be an example, I think we have achieved that consistently for more than a decade. I believe we are doing that through our Lloyd's operation as well. Having said that, some of the activity in Canada -- excuse me, in Continental Europe, has not proven to work out as well. But again we think that we are getting that sorted.
Josh Shanker: By premium, if you were to divide it into the 80-20 rule, are 80% of the returns by premium very attractive and 20% are providing problems, or how should we think about it?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think the way I would suggest that you think about it is, as I suggested earlier, Josh, there were a couple of places that we zigged when we should have zagged, and we think that we are well on our way to having that sorted out. I would hesitate to try and start putting percentages on it because I don't have it down to the decimal point. But --
William Berkley: There's a better person in charge now, Josh, so we'll get it cleaned up.
Josh Shanker: Okay, very good. Thank you.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thanks, Josh. Have a good evening.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jay Cohen with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen: Yes, thank you. Rob, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that in 2016 you're looking for improvement, and you really didn't mention a metric. I guess the earlier assumption was it was ROE. One of the I guess headwinds you see is catastrophe losses were relatively low this year, lowest in seven or eight years. So with that headwind, when you look at things like combined ratio, is it possible to improve upon where you were?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think -- again here we go with the forward-looking statements. I think our view is that, based on what we know today, which is imperfect, and I highlight imperfect, we think that there is a reasonably good chance, significantly better than average, that we will be able to improve our top line as well as our loss ratio. Additionally, we think that there's good reason to believe that we will be able to improve our expense ratio. Having said that, going back to some of the comments earlier, given some of the dislocation in the market, we will be prepared to sacrifice our expense ratio in the short run in order to invest in new operations, as we have done historically.
Jay Cohen: Great.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: What else can we share with you, Jay?
Jay Cohen: My other questions were asked already, so I am good. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Dwelle with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle: Yeah, good evening. A couple of questions. First, on the service fee revenue. That declined a fair bit in the quarter, at least in percentage basis and it's sort of contra to the trend. Is that something that rolled off there or ran off there that caused that reversal?
Eugene Ballard: Well, that fee basis is most of it is related to one of our companies that manages assigned risk plans on behalf various states, so there's some variability in that business from one year to the next and on what states come on or drop off.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: So there, in other words, A, first of all, as the population of these pools grow and shrink, you have that variable. But even more so, these are contracts that we enter and they tend to be for a few years at a time, and they come up for bid every certain number of years. And again, sometimes they're rolling on, sometimes they're rolling off. So that's what creates a bit of the volatility as some of the contracts roll off.
Mark Dwelle: Okay.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Ultimately we -- sorry, excuse me?
Mark Dwelle: No, go ahead.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I was just going to say, as we've discussed in the past, obviously the size of those pools tends to ebb and flow with market conditions. The pools are shrinking a bit at this stage as the traditional market is accepting more of the risk and the risk is not spilling over into the market of last resort.
Mark Dwelle: Okay. Thanks for that. And commercial auto, I guess I was fairly surprised at how quickly the level of premiums there had reversed. That had been kind of generally growing, albeit slightly, for most of the year, and then this quarter seemed to mark a fairly sharp contrast. Heard from competitors sort of mixed views on commercial auto and was wondering if you could share a little more detail about how you're thinking about the sector and maybe more specifically what types of pricing challenges you're facing there.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Sure. Generally speaking, as we've been discussing I guess for, probably not this quarter, maybe a couple of years at this stage, we found that commercial auto space overall to be particularly challenged. Long and intermediate haul trucking probably is standing out in particular, though the overall space is not an easy one. Our activity in the commercial auto space has been shrinking for some number of years. It may not be visible in some of the things that you see because the fact of the matter is you see the amount of premium we're writing, you don't see our exposures going down. So our exposure count has gone down -- it has been going down dramatically for some period of time and it probably the fourth quarter just accelerated further. The amount of premium that we are collecting is not reducing at the same pace because of the rate increases that we are achieving. So I think that's why I would encourage you not to leap through any conclusion just based on some of the numbers that we are publishing. Again our exposure count or the power units that we are writing is going down at a far more quick pace than the numbers that you are seeing, and it's just the rate increases that are mitigating that to an extent.
Mark Dwelle: Okay, that's helpful. I'll stop there. Thanks.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is open
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thanks. Gene, first, do you have the paid loss ratio for the quarter?
Eugene Ballard: Yeah, I do. That would be 55.8.
Ian Gutterman: Great. Thank you.
Eugene Ballard: Yeah, it's fifty -- it's right in line where it's been in the, you know, mid to 50s pretty much through the year.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, got it. Rob, in your opening comments, you mentioned a slowdown in alternative capital and kind of the [ph] reinsurance market. I guess I was wondering, is that something that we should take that that may affect your ability to execute something in the space, or is that more just a broad market comment?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yeah, I think it's just a general observation about the reinsurance marketplace. Clearly the entry of a meaningful amount of alternative capital over the past several years has put a meaningful amount of pressure the reinsurance marketplace and specifically on the traditional players. The pressure is still there but it doesn't seem like it continues to flow in at the same pace.
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Great. And then just finally on the investment impairments, the $20 million or so. Was that something that -- is that one of those mechanical adjustments where if the equities are down 20% for a certain duration, that they have to be marked, or is it something different?
William Berkley: Exactly right. It was already marked-to-market on the balance sheet, and once it's more than 12 months, you have to run it through the income statement.
Ian Gutterman: Got it, okay.
William Berkley: It's a really stupid world [ph].
Ian Gutterman: It is a stupid world.
William Berkley: Because otherwise, once you've run it through [ph] the income statement, if it goes back up the next day, you don't get to run it in the income statement, when it goes back up.
Ian Gutterman: Exactly.
William Berkley: So it's pretty dumb [ph].
Ian Gutterman: It is a bad world [ph]. I was just curious that it was bad enough, something that you chose to impair based on a view of something. And then, is it reasonable to assume that, if the markets stay where they are for the rest of the quarter, probably a little bit more of this next quarter? Because you'll have more things sort of tripping that [ph] 20%?
William Berkley: There may be some other, but it's not of consequence [ph].
Ian Gutterman: Not significant, okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes, thanks. Hey, Rob, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about what your exposure is on the underwriting side to the energy sector in the U.S.? I know you've made some efforts to grow in that area over the last couple of years. Anything that we should kind of be thinking about or anything that's on your radar screen as far as potential loss activity coming out of that area?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yeah, good memory, Brian. We have expanded a bit into the energy space and it's something that we've chatted about with you all in the past. Just to put it in perspective, from an underwriting perspective, our exposure to oil and gas is less than 5% of our premium. It's closer to -- I think it's about 3-1/2% the last time I had a look. So, is it something we care about? Sure, it's something we care about. But is it something that's going to dramatically derail the organization as that sector is under pressure? No, we don't think it, forget dramatic, we don't think it really is going to even be a blip for us. And as far as the loss activity goes, we've seen no evidence to date that it is going to create an issue for our -- the picks [ph] that we are using.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then next question, I'm just curious, any thoughts about increasing your reinsurance buy as we look into 2016 given we're hearing a lot more about multiyear deals coming in place and it's tracked to reinsurance pricing?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Certainly. We are in touch with the reinsurance market. By and large it is a better moment to be a buyer than a seller. From our perspective, we try and view the reinsurance market as a place where we can partner with long-term partners. We do not look to arbitrage our partners. At the same time, we are not nave to the market conditions and the opportunity that generates for our shareholders. So as far as the specifics around our reinsurance buying strategy, Brian, that's just not something we tend to really get into in this type of forum. But I would suggest we -- we're not trying to abuse anyone, but we are not nave to market conditions.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm not showing any further questions. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. Berkley for closing remarks.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Okay, Bridget [ph], thank you very much, and thank you all for calling in. As we've suggested earlier, we think both the quarter and the year were a solid showing. We continue to be very focused on generating what we believe are solid returns. And again, our view is that the return on equity that we should be able to achieve in the future is something that we are very focused on. And it is our view that we will be able to improve 2016 when compared to 2015. So again, we think the market offers meaningful opportunity. We think some of the challenges that we've faced in 2015 are behind us. And we are enthusiastic about what is ahead. Thank you all for joining us and have a good evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Robert Berkley - President and Chief Operating Officer Eugene Ballard  EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Crystal Lu - Credit Suisse
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W. R. Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Good afternoon. Were pleased with our quarter and were looking forward to an excellent year. I think that Id like to start with Rob, our very soon to be Chief Executive, and hes going to talk about our operations.
Robert Berkley: Okay, thank you very much and good afternoon everyone. Market conditions during the third quarter were by and large a continuation of what we have seen in the second quarter. Yes, competition is modestly on the rise, but truly is at its incremental rate. And in spite of some of the recent headlines that we heard about cat or cat-like events occurring and affecting the industry, the impact has really been quite modest and one that thats hard-pressed to find any type of catalyst out on the horizon that is going to shift the direction or I should say the overall market climate. As far as the domestic insurance market goes, as weve said over the past couple of quarters, workers compensation, general liability and many of the professional lines remain very attractive and we think are sensible places to be deploying additional capital. On the other hand, aviation, much of the marine market, cat-exposed property as well as offshore energy are product lines that we are increasingly concerned about and do not see a lot of rational behavior in those parts of the market. Another large product line that we have been talking to about or Id say at this stage probably goes back to 2013 or so, maybe even earlier, is commercial auto, particularly long-haul truck. We have had our reservations about this product line for a very, very long time, it feels like at least at this stage, and the lack of rational behavior that existed in the marketplace. While we have not come out of the woods as an industry when it comes to this product line, I think the fact is that it is beginning to get the attention that is required and were beginning to scratch the surface as far as the needed action that one needs to take in order to get this line to return to meaningful profitability. Moving onto the international market, it is a bit more competitive; no different than its been in the past few quarters. One of the things that weve seen over the past few years has been many organizations have been looking to increase their footprints in some of the international markets that we have been operating in have become more and more crowded. This is not unique; weve seen this happen in the past, and what tends to happen is that it ebbs and flows, folks develop an appetite to expand their footprint and over time they realize that it is not so easy to get the critical mass that they need in order to make their economic model work. They began to revisit their business plan and in many cases, ultimately retreat. And our sense is, of course, frankly that we may be over the next couple of years approaching a point of inflection with some of the international markets. In addition to that, well be getting on to a couple of comments regarding the reinsurance business shortly, but we all know how competitive its been. And the international insurance markets tend to be a bit more dependent on the reinsurance markets and that is due to the fact that much of the international market uses much larger limits on a day to day basis than we typically see in the middle and small commercial market in this country. So consequently cheap reinsurance has perhaps empowered less responsible behavior. And to that point, both domestically and internationally, we have seen increasing correlation between areas of the industries that are under the greatest pressure and those that are most dependent on reinsurance. On the topic of reinsurance, certainly again a topic weve discussed with you all in the past, the marketplace remains exceptionally competitive. Having said that, it would seem as though the pace of competition seems to be not moving or increasing as quickly as it has over the past several quarters. I dont think that weve necessarily touched bottom, but it would seem as though we continue to get closer as again the pace of erosion is slowing. When we look at the reinsurance market, quite frankly, we are convinced that it is unlikely that the market tomorrow will look like it did yesterday. At the same time, were hopeful that it will not look like what it appears to be today. And having said that, we do believe that capacity is becoming more and more commodity with every passing day and ultimately it boils down to the expertise that you can bring from a value perspective to your clients and focusing on clients that actually do value expertise and dont just [view it as a] [ph] commodity. Turning to our quarter, and Ive promised Gene I would keep this on a very high level and I wouldnt steal his thunder, but I do want to tuck in a couple of quick comments here. Top line came in at $1.57 billion. This is up about 3%. The growth was led by our domestic insurance business, which was up about 6%. Of that, 6 points of growth, roughly 1 point of it was associated with rate. The top line growth was somewhat offset by our international as well as our reinsurance segments, which were both off and that was primarily driven by FX. And I will leave the rest of that for Gene to touch on. As far as the loss ratio goes, coming at 60.5%, by and large in line with our expectations. The reinsurance and the international segments both had good quarters, or certainly improving quarters when compared with the corresponding period last year and the domestic business moved slightly in the wrong direction and that was primarily driven by non-cat related property losses. Moving onto the expense ratio which is certainly something that we have discussed several times in the past, first off, the 33.2% was by and large in line with our expectations. We continue to be pleased with the progress that we make on the domestic front. The reinsurance segment, the internals are flat; the rise that you see in the quarter is due to commissions and related, and Gene, I guess, you will going into some of that in some more detail. And then finally on the international front, the tick up I think is in keeping with what we suggested you would see when we had a discussion about 90 days ago, with some one-time expenses associated with some of our operations in the UK. So when you put it all together, the company achieved 93.7%, which by and large is right in line with our expectations. We think that the performance of the business is reasonably good at this stage. Having said that, we think some of the obstacles that we have been wrestling with to date, were getting those behind us and were optimistic as to how were positioned going forward for the fourth quarter, but particularly 2016. Thank you.
William Berkley: Thanks, Rob. Gene, you want to take us through the numbers?
Eugene Ballard: Okay. Thank you. For the quarter, weve reported operating income of $118 million, or $0.91 per share. Thats up from $0.80 and $0.81 that we reported in the first and second quarters of this year, but below the $1.06 that we reported in the third quarter of 2014, which included significantly higher than average earnings from investment funds. For the quarter, our net premiums increased $46 million or 3% from a year ago to almost $1.6 billion. Domestic premiums grew by 6% to $1.25 billion. That was led by 11% growth in workers compensation business and 8% for other liability business. International premiums declined 5% to $164 million due to the strengthening of the US dollar against the pound, the Canadian and Australian dollar and the Brazilian real, in our case. In local currency terms, international premiums actually grew 7% and that was led by growth in Canada, Germany and South America. Reinsurance premiums declined 7% to $171 million due to the continuing soft market conditions in both the US and overseas. Without the impact of FX changes, they would have declined as well, but by 5% instead of 7%. Our overall pre-tax underwriting profits were up 2% in the quarter to $96 million. The third quarter accident year loss ratio before cats was 61%, that's unchanged from a year ago. In fact, if you look back for each of the past seven quarters, our accident year loss ratio has been between 60% and 61% throughout that period as pricing and loss cost trend have generally offset one another. Our cat losses were relatively light again this quarter at $6 million or 0.4 loss ratio points. That's down from $15 million in the third quarter of 2014. And on a year-to-date basis, our cat losses were $46 million or one loss ratio point. We reported favorable reserve development of $15 million in the quarter with modest favorable development in all three business segments. That $15 million is in line with our year-to-date favorable development which is $49 million. That gives us the calendar year loss ratio after cats and reserve releases of $60.5 million, slightly below the $60.7 million a year ago. Our overall expense ratio for the third quarter was 33.2%, that's down 0.6 of a point from the third quarter of 2014. The domestic expense ratio declined to 30.8%, 0.3 of a point below the third quarter of last year and almost a full point below the full year 2014. On the other hand, the international expense ratio increased 2.5 points to 43.4%. The increase was due to both the decline in premium volume as well as continuing cost relating to solvency II and the integration of our UK company with our Lloyd's syndicate and we do we expect those costs to decline beginning in the fourth quarter of this year. Reinsurance expense ratio increased by five points to 39.0%. The increase is attributable to the structured treaties that incepted earlier in the year. I mentioned those in the second quarter call, these treaties have higher than average commissions, including profit commissions that are more than offset by lower loss ratios. And if you look at the expense ratio, the non-commission portion of the reinsurance expense ratio, it was unchanged from a year ago at roughly 10 percentage points. That gives us an underwriting profit of $96 million for the quarter and a GAAP combined ratio of 93.7%. Turning to investment income, our investment income was $133 million this quarter, compared with $179 million in the third quarter of 2014. Earnings from our core portfolio including arbitrage trading declined 8% to $110 million, due primarily to lower reinvestment rates available for maturing bonds. The average bond yield for the first nine months of 2015 was 3.3, down 0.2 from 3.5 in 2014. Income from investment funds were $23 million in the quarter, which is an annualized return of 8%. That compares with $59 million in investment fund income a year ago to well above averages that quarter from our aviation and real estate funds. Realized investment gains were $54 million in the quarter and were primarily due to the sale of a portion of our investment in HealthEquity. At September 30, 2015, the average credit rating for the fixed income securities portfolio was AA minus and the average duration was 3.2 years, which is a full year shorter than the duration of our loss reserves. Aggregate unrealized after-tax investment gains were $227 million at September 30, 2015. Our overall effective tax rate for the quarter increased by one point from a year ago to 33.3% and that's due to higher taxes in certain US states as well as a couple of non-US jurisdictions. Cash flow from operations was $620 million for the first nine months of 2015 compared with $646 million in 2014. And in the first nine months, we purchased 4.5 million shares of our stock for an aggregate cost of $224 million. All in, that gets us to net income of $153 million and after-tax ROE of 13.3% and an ending book value per share of $37.18.
William Berkley: Thanks, Gene. These are especially interesting times. We really do focus on risk adjusted return. It means, we do some things that some of our competitors dont do. We dont focus truly on accounting results, because were focused on creating shareholder value more than reported earnings per se. That means, we start businesses instead of buying them, because thats a better economic return; its not a better accounting statement return. Were maintaining the quality of our investment portfolio and keeping a short duration, because the risks of an insurance company are doubling down if inflation comes. You get hurt with your loss reserves and if you extend the maturity and duration of your investment portfolio, youre effectively doubling down. So weve chosen to reduce that risk, the one that we can control. We havent lowered the quality of our investment portfolio, because the risk of an adverse economic turn will have a general adverse view on our business. Therefore, weve chosen not to take the risk. So were constantly looking at the risk side of how we manage our business because all of our employees are owners, its the biggest single element on our profit-sharing plan. Clearly, the management of the company views that as how they bet on their future. We continue to look out and see lots of volatility and uncertainly in the future. But we have a lot of confidence in the things that we see. For every problem, for every change, it creates new opportunities. And we think having the smartest people, the best underwriters and the best teams of people continues to give us a competitive advantage. Rob spends a substantial amount of his time out talking to new teams, constantly trying to find the best teams to do particular things, whatever they might be, they can be small niches or big chunks of opportunity. But were constantly out there looking. And what we really are is a large group of small niches and we do it in a way that we can compete administratively and cost wise. We dont look like the people we compete with, even though the numbers claim to be the same. So were very excited. We think the future is coming along today. We think that the numbers are moving in the direction we like. Clearly, its a cyclical business, but we think were well positioned and were constantly investing in that future. It probably costs us $20 million a quarter each year for the new things weve been investing in. Things we invested in three years ago give us a positive return than new things that were spending money on cost us money. We think thats how you build business for the future. We think were going to have a better business in the future than we have today and todays business is better than yesterday. So Im happy to answer any questions. Patricia, well take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse.
Crystal Lu: This is Crystal Lu in for Ryan Tunis. Our first question is just do you have any fourth quarter visibility into the investment fund returns given the move in energy?
Robert Berkley: We know that the energy prices are down and that were going to probably have a small loss there, but we havent released that number yet. We normally put that in our 10-Q filing.
William Berkley: Our net position in our energy funds as relates to our overall fund has continued to diminish as a percentage of our funds. So its a smaller and smaller number. But when we file our Q, well announce those funds that we know already.
Crystal Lu: How should we think about the level of share repurchase this quarter? What kind of considerations are there?
William Berkley: Its the same considerations we always give. We consider how to best use the capital owned by our shareholders, which is either buying back stock, paying special dividends, or expanding the business and were always looking at the balance for those things. And the cost of the balance - balance is the price of the shares, the availability of the shares and opportunities that we see.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I'm showing no further questions at this time.
William Berkley: Okay. I thank Mike [McGavick] [ph] for that. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - Chairman and CEO Robert Berkley - President and COO Eugene Ballard - EVP, CFO
Analysts: Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Amit Kumar - Macquarie Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, beliefs, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2014 and our other filings made with the SEC for description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Thank you very much. Well, it was an interesting quarter, exciting in many ways, challenging in many ways. We're pleased with our results, and why don't I start by turning this over to Rob.
Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. The second quarter, as suggested a moment ago, has been a period of significant change for the industry, but much of that change is stemmed from the level of M&A activity that persisted through the quarter. Having said that, while it has given people something to talk about, the reality is that the underlying market conditions have been reasonably consistent, though in some cases perhaps incrementally more competitive. Other markets that we participate in, the domestic insurance market remains the bright spot, workers' comps, GL, as well as select parts of the professional market remain particularly attractive. Having said that, unfortunately commercial auto, aviation, and marine remain challenging, and more recently, offshore energy has become notably competitive. As it relates to the international insurance environment that we operate in, it remains also quite competitive with the U.K. and Europe standing out as particularly challenging. And finally, the global reinsurance market remains painfully competitive as well. Having said that, the pace of erosion seems to be slowing, which is giving reason for perhaps guarded optimism that we are approaching the bottom. Turning to the Company's performance during the period, net written premium came in at $1.54 billion, and it is up about 3.5% when compared with the corresponding period last year. The domestic segment led the growth coming in up 7%. The growth was primarily driven within the domestic segment by our workers' compensation activities as well as parts of our professional liability activities. It's worth commenting that, of the 7 points of growth, just shy of 2 points were associated with rates, and the renewal retention ratio remains at approaching 80%. Partially offsetting this growth was the international segment which was down 11%, Gene is going to be giving you a bit more detail on that as well as the reinsurance segment which was approximately flat. With regard to the loss ratio, it came in at 60.7, which is an improvement of approximately half-a-point. And this was primarily driven by improvements in the reinsurance segment as well as a bit of improvement from the international segment. It's also worth noting that our pay loss ratios came in at an attractive 63%. With regard to the expense ratio, this was a little bit of a bittersweet situation. The expense ratio did tick up to 33.5. We are pleased with the continued improvement in the domestic segment. Having said that, this was offset by some activities in the international segment as well as the reinsurance segment. Gene is going to also be giving you some numbers on -- in this area. Having said that, a couple of quick comments from me. First, international goes, as I've mentioned in the past, we're going to need to, on occasion, take one step back in order to take two steps forward. Some of the expenses spike that we saw in the second quarter in the international segment we believe is a short-term phenomenon, which will spill over into the third quarter, we would anticipate, and may in fact affect the fourth quarter. But by the time we get to next year, we believe this will be behind us. And as it relates to the reinsurance segment, our internal costs actually are in a pretty good place, and Gene's going to give you some color as to again what's driving that. When you put it all together, the Company achieved 94.2 for the quarter, which included $23 million of net positive development. This is the 34th quarter in a row of net positive development. In spite of the challenges that exist in the international insurance market as well as the global reinsurance market, we believe that the domestic market still has a meaningful amount of gas in the tank. And quite frankly, the level of M&A activity is likely to create further opportunity. For example, as we've already announced, a few new activities in the third quarter. So all things being equal, we are quite optimistic as to where the domestic business is. We think things will over time be improving for the reinsurance segment, and we think we're well on our way to making meaningful progress with our international business. Thank you.
William Berkley: Thanks, Rob. Gene, you want to pick it up?
Eugene Ballard: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Well, as Rob said, for the second quarter, we reported operating income of $105 million or $0.81 per share, which is almost unchanged from $109 million or $0.82 per share a year ago. The slight decline in earnings was a result of higher underwriting profits that were offset by a modest decline in investment income. I'll go over the details -- some of those details starting with underwriting. Again, as Rob said, net premiums written were up 3.5%. That was led by the domestic segment which was up 7%, with increases in all major business lines. Our largest line, workers' comp, was up 15%, and professional liability was up 29%. In the international segment, premiums declined 11% to $198 million. Most of that decline was due to changes in foreign exchange rates. In original currency terms, international premiums were down 3% as growth in South America and Canada was offset by lower premiums in the U.K. and Continental Europe. And reinsurance premiums were essentially unchanged at $143 million as growth in the U.S. was offset by lower premiums in Asia and Europe. Our overall free tax underwriting profits were up 9% to $87 million. The accident year loss ratio before catastrophe losses was at 60.5, up slightly from 60.1 in the second quarter of 2014, and below the accident year loss ratios for each of the immediately preceding three quarters. Cat losses were relatively benign for the second quarter with only one cat event, with a net loss greater than $5 million. Overall our cat losses were $25 million or 1.6 loss ratio points in the quarter, and that's down from $40 million or 2.8 loss ratio points a year ago. We reported favorable reserve development of $22 million this year compared to $24 million a year ago. Almost all of that favorable development was from the domestic segment, but all three segments did have positive development. That gives us a reported loss ratio after cats and reserve releases of 60.7, down a half-a-point from last year. The overall expense ratio for the second quarter was 33.5, up 0.3 points from the second quarter. The domestic segment improved -- the expense ratio improved by 0.8 points to 31.5. That's right in line with our expectations. On the other hand, the reinsurance expense ratio increased 7 points. However, five of those points was due to what we call structured transaction, which are transactions that have much higher profit commissions that's more than offset by lower loss ratios. In fact, the internal expenses for the reinsurance segment other than commissions was actually down 0.8 points from the second quarter of 2014. The international expense ratio increased almost 3 points to 41.6, for two main reasons. One is the decline of premium I mentioned. And the other is slightly elevated costs in Europe that are related to the integration of our U.K. companies as well as the setting of a new European platform, and to some ongoing Solvency II costs. We expect those costs to subside in early 2016. That gives us an overall combined ratio of 94.2, down 0.2 points from the second quarter of 2014. As Rob said, the paid loss ratio was 53.0, down from 56 in the second quarter of 2014. And our loss reserves increased $250 million from the beginning of the year to just over $10.6 billion. Investment income was $128 million; that's down $11 million from a year ago. The decline was primarily related to lower earnings from our merger arbitrage account which broke even in the quarter, compared with income of $7 million in last year's second quarter. Earnings from fixed income securities were down $2 million to $107 million. And earnings from investment funds were unchanged at $22 million. The overall portfolio yield was 3.2%, compared to 3.6% in the second quarter of 2014. In addition, we had realized gains of $28 million in the quarter. That's primarily from the sale of interest in investment funds. And that compares with realized gains of $109 million in 2014, which include a large gain from the sale of a real estate investment in the U.K. At June 30th, 2015, our average rating and duration of fixed income portfolio were AA-minus and 3.3 years. And our aggregate unrealized investment gains before taxes were $343 million. The duration of the portfolio of 3.3 years is a full year less than the duration of our loss reserves. Interest expense for the quarter was up $3 million. That's due to interest on $350 million of debentures that we issued in the third quarter of last year, which was partially offset by a reduction in interest from $252 million of senior notes that we repaid in May of this year. The overall effective tax rate was 30.4%, down from 31.5% in the second quarter of 2014. The decline was mainly due to lower investment gains that are generally taxed at the full 35% tax rate. In the first quarter of 2015 we repurchased 4.4 million shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $218 million. Our cash flow more than doubled to $272 million in the quarter, due in part to lower tax payments. And in summary, for the quarter, that gave us a pretax ROE of 15.5%, an after-tax ROE of 10.7%, and an ending book value per share of $36.76.
William Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So I thought I'd talk a little more about our strategies and some of the things that I think reflect upon our longer-term view and what we're looking at, and then open it up for questions. So, first of all, we think management of capital is really a cornerstone issue. We bought a lot of stocks back. We look at our book value in the sense of what we assess is our real book value. So for instance, as we mentioned in the footnote, we have a $400 million gain that's not reflected on our balance sheet and held as equity. That's a couple of dollars after tax per share not reflected. There are a number of other assets that we think more judgmentally but are undervalued on our balance sheet from some of our real estate, some of our other key investments. So we think that our real book value is probably, because of things like that, not reflective of balance sheet stated book value because we follow accounting rules. That's the way it is. We're also optimistic that our business continues to generate an outstanding pretax return. We are cursed with being a domestic insurance company. So you might look at other people who report return on capital or return on equity of 12%, 13%, 14%. It's non-tax return. So we're, this quarter-end, from now on, we're going to put in our pretax return, so you can measure our results based on management's performance because we think that's what that shows. We're going to have to, over the long run, find a way to deal with this issue. Some of our competitors will actually have to find ways that don't suit us, but there will be a way to find a solution. We also think capital management reflects a different view that we have than many of our competitors, where they think getting bigger and having more permanent capital is a good solution. We think, if anything, capital markets are more opportunistic, more flexible, and there are things to do to have capital that's available to you. And therefore maintaining ever-increasing permanent capital can be more like an anchor than a sail of the winds that helps you move ahead. So we're trying to maintain our level of capital, being sure we have enough always so we're not rushing to shrink our capital base, but not build capital when we don't need it, when we can find other places to get it if we want it for short or long duration, and leverage the returns that we can deliver to our common shareholders. We're really optimistic about where we see the business going. In the short term there may be a bump or two. The global economy has never been as uncertain in my recollection. Not that there's a huge crisis here, but there's lots of uncertainty. The spread between the duration of our bond portfolio and the duration of our liabilities is as great as it's ever been, being a year, because we're worried about inflation. We don't know what's around the corner but we know it's out there given economic activities and economic policies. We have the same view of our loss reserves. You have to at least recognize what can happen. So while we're aggressive in seeking out opportunities, fining great teams of people, we're being willing to jump into something where we see an opportunity. We're cautious when we look at what can go wrong in the insurance business. We want great returns but we don't want to take them at any price. We continue to feel that we'll be able to deliver on that high 15% plus after-tax return over the long run, while it may be bumpier in the short run to get there. Okay. We're happy to take any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Good afternoon. Thank you. Bill, the first question. You gave a lot sort of detail, your thoughts about capital. Two issues there. One is for the tax issue, you've been a vocal critic of offshore tax treatments, and is the indication that you just think the law will not change and you have to find a way to reduce the tax rate for W.R. Berkley shareholders?
William Berkley: Well, I think that, you know, return on capital serves two purposes. One, it tells you what your shareholders are getting to keep, but it also is a measure that people have developed to use to tell how well a company is managed. So I thought it was important. And we discussed it here at great length that we put the number up there so you can look at us compared to so many companies who pay no tax. So when you look at us, you don't say, hey, they earned 10.5% return on equity and this other company earned 13%, 14%, 15%. You have -- to measure management, you have to look at it in a consistent way. So we're putting the number up there first of all so you can measure how we do compared to everyone else. I don't think they're going to pretend they pay taxes, so we have to pretend we don't. Number two, I think that ultimately the system of taxation in our country only can work when business done in the United States pays tax on a universal basis. Otherwise, everyone will find ways to do business here and move their incomes offshore. That is not how it works in the insurance business at the present time. So that being said, I think there will be someone, something done to address the tax issues. But I have been an optimist for five years, and I have been wrong, actually for more than five years, probably seven years. But the fact is I've been wrong. And we're constantly looking at alternatives and how and what and how the world works. And I'm an optimist. I always think I will find a solution or the government will find the solution that makes the country work better. So, no, I don't have an answer but I'm working on it.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then on your second point on the capital optimization, it looks like you're probably pursuing a more capital-light business model because capital available in the marketplace on demand that you don't need maintain a big buffer in terms of your capped balance sheet. Does it mean that you'll be very active in buying back your own shares, that you probably will not grow your shareholders' equity unless there's business need?
William Berkley: I think what it means is just as now for a couple of years we've tried to maintain our capital levels at roughly the same level because external capital is available at very low costs, much lower costs than our average cost of capital. So we're not going to reduce our capital, but we also don't see that we're going to be able to grow our business a huge amount. So if we can grow our business 5% or 7%, there's external capital that we can find ways of obtaining for that amount of growth. If we can start to grow our business more, we're going to grow our internal capital more or get more permanently provided external capital. We have many people who talk to us about being our partners and doing things all the time.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Lastly, on industry consolidation. Bill, you've been running the Company for almost five decades, you have seen this play out before. What do you think about the current wave of consolidation? What do you think it will do for the industry, and particularly, what it will do to W.R. Berkley? Do you think yourself more as buyer or seller?
William Berkley: First of all, on October 31st, I will step down as Chief Executive and Rob is going to take over. So it will be not five decades, but I'll be out of this box at that point and he'll take care of it, then I'll be Chairman. And then I get to harass everybody else. But the fact is, no, I think consolidation serves purpose. In the case of our business, regulators and regulatory pressures makes it important not to stay small. We're big enough that we can deal with it. We've always had the same view. We're here to do what's right for our shareholders. We'll always do what's right for our shareholders. But that being said, we can continue to generate great returns over the long run for our shareholders, and if somebody comes up and says, "Hey, we'd like to talk to you about something," we're always willing to talk. If it's good for our shareholders, it's good for us. In the meantime, we're big enough that we think there's not much that we can't do. And if we can't do it ourselves, we have lots, as I said, lots of people who come to us with billions of dollars of capital and offer to be our partners to do some other things. So I think that the consolidation that's happening now is frequently about management ego or management rewards and less amount -- less than it is about what you need to run your business. Now there are exceptions, because to be a global company and to do the business globally, it will certainly have value, but that's a small part dollars of the marketplace. So there are a few companies that need to be global to serve customers. Our global ambitions have to do with doing business with great customers wherever they're located.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Thank you very much for sharing the thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Thanks and good afternoon. Two quick follow-up questions I guess to the previous discussion. First of all, just going back on the discussion on capital management. In the past we've talked about a special dividend too. Is that still on the table down the road or is that off the table?
William Berkley: You know, Amit, I've talked to you for many years and I've always said exactly the same thing. My view about our Company is simple. We do what we think is best for our shareholders no matter what. If someone comes in at a high price and wants to buy the Company, we'll talk to them. If something we think is the most attractive for our shareholders to buy back stocks, we'll buy back stocks. If we think we have more capital than we need and there are alternatives to it, we'll pay a special dividend. We've paid a special dividend a couple of times, we've bought back stock opportunistically. And each period of time, on a consistent curve, we look at our capital account, we look at what alternatives we have, we look at what we see in the future to be, and we try to make those decisions. But the only benefit we have with our size is we can be nimble. All the decision-makers fit in one room and we talk in trying to figure out the right thing to do. So, nothing is ever off the table. We do what we think is best for our shareholders at any point in time.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Got it. And --
William Berkley: -- is not off the table.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Got it. And maybe this might be for Gene. Were all the buybacks worked in the open market or was a piece of it under a 10b51?
Eugene Ballard: All open market.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Got it. Okay. That's all I have for now. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
William Berkley: Hello, Michael Nannizzi.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Hello, sir. I had a couple of questions if I could. One is just on the temporary capital point. What might, I mean, what might a structure look like, you know, that you kind of alluded to? And yeah, are there any that you have kind of that you're putting together on a small scale today that, you know, that might come to fruition, or is there, you know, like where are we in this process of W.R. Berkley and being able to leverage external capital? Is it like a first thing in conversation or?
William Berkley: Michael, you have the most advanced firm in structuring alternative capital in the insurance business. When I was in the annuity business, your firm structured alternative capital for me. So --
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. But those are the smart guys on the other side of the wall, they don't talk to us.
William Berkley: The answer is that there are people out there who come and talk to us all the time about wanting to find ways to put capital at risk in the insurance business. And we talk about various alternatives and things we consider. We don't have a plan now. But between their discussions with Rob and Gene and me, we're very confident, if we wanted to do anyone of a number of things, we could easily do it. And we haven't chosen a plan, but we're pretty comfortable being financially versatile that we can come up with something no matter what the option was, that could help us get by without raising new common stock, which really was our historic view was, you raise common stock, you raise preferred, you raise debt, that was -- that's sort of what it was. And I don't think that's the alternative mix that is what a company in 2015 needs to look at in our business. I think there are a lot of other alternatives. And we see many of them in the marketplace now. And there are also variants that aren't in the marketplace but offer attractive options.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So I mean, I guess the question is like, is this something that you expect, I mean, that you're -- you think you could put together in the next year, two years, five years, or is it, you know, like if we didn't look over time, you know, there's the ability for Berkley to either leverage external capital to grow or utilize external capital and sort of shrink its own capital base?
William Berkley: We think we can always find capital which we will do on an opportunistic basis when we see reason or need. And we're not -- if I was talking about three, five, seven years, I wouldn't be talking about it. This is something we see in the next year or two or three, where we think there'll be an opportunity to do something. Do we have it now? It's not two or three months from now. But it is within a timeframe we think that one can see. But tell me what pricing is going to do, tell me how opportunities are going to arise. We think they're there.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Yeah. So I mean, so that -- so you would be comfortable moving in that capacity towards at least part of your business, more of a fee-based model, if that were to present itself in a way that was somewhat sustainable or --
William Berkley: Those are your words, not mine.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right. Thanks. And then on the tax rate, I mean if, you know, if nothing comes to fruition from the government side, I mean, you know, would reallocating your portfolio back towards munis, I mean is that something you would consider doing to reduce the tax rate or?
William Berkley: Yeah. But you can also -- the answer is yes. We could shift back towards the muni market. But we're, you know, the muni market is a much better longer-term market, longer-duration market than a shorter-term duration market. So you don't get the real benefits in the shorter term. So you need some changes in the investment marketplace for us to do that, as well as higher yields for us to be willing to go out 10, 12, 15 years.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Okay, got it. So that strategy is maybe on the investment side, maybe other strategies, but with the goal to try and reduce the tax rate at some point if government rules don't change --
William Berkley: Yeah, although there are lots of things that are in the offer now because the government is taking note of more and more U.S. companies going overseas.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then just last question if I could, maybe in the domestic business, the expense ratio, you know, Gene, you mentioned it came down year over year, higher than we had, and I think we kind of talked over the last few quarterly calls that the expense ratio should continue to come down to reflect the growth that you guys have had over the last couple of years. Are we at a point now where this is kind of where you expect the expense ratio to be or is there still leverage on the expense side as you continue to earn through that growth?
Eugene Ballard: Mike, there's still leverage there and we expect it to continue to improve. You know, when you look at it quarter to quarter, some of it's sort of volume-dependent with the new DAC [ph] rules, when your volume drop, should take a little bit more of a hit on your expense ratios than you're used to, but -- so it's hard to look at quarter by quarter. But we definitely expect it to continue to improve.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Great. Thank you.
William Berkley: Yes, sir.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Good evening everyone.
William Berkley: Good evening.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I'm going to continue along the same line of questions, and I don't -- I hope you'll bear with me. In terms of the current view of, hey, you're going to report both a pretax and an after-tax ROE, an you're reiterating your long-term goals of 15% ROE or better, is that the optimism talking, you believe that the taxation situation will change in a way that allows you to do that, or do you expect to be able to hit that 15% ROE over the long run without any improvements in the tax situation?
William Berkley: I do.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: You do. Okay. Thank you very much. And in terms of thinking about, you know, Rob, talked about the two steps forward, one step back for international work. Can you talk about a little bit of how you're looking at the situation from this quarter and this is a one-quarter issue? What should we expect going forward?
Robert Berkley: Josh, it's Rob. So on the international front, first off, there are some expenses, as Gene referenced, associated with Solvency II, which we will be working our way through, as we make our way to the end of the year. We would expect those expenses will begin to diminish at a material rate as we make our way to 2016. And then we have some other plans as it relates to some reorganizations that we're doing within the segments, some of which was accomplished in the second quarter, some of it will occur in the third quarter, and we would expect that that component will be quieting down in the fourth quarter. So I think the way that people should be looking at it is that the third quarter you may see it tick up a little bit more from where it is now, the fourth quarter you should see somewhat of an improvement, we would hope, from the third quarter. And by the time we're in 2016, we should be certainly in around our way to a materially better place.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Perfect. Perfect. And in terms of thinking about the opportunity set of hiring new talent, how does the international market look compared to the domestic market?
Robert Berkley: I think the answer is that we see opportunity on both fronts. Obviously we look at each opportunity individually and it needs to stand on its own two feet.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Is that true, anything about the greenfield business that you guys are willing to develop yourself, I mean, the opportunity exists for you to create a new idea for a business maybe internationally whereas the U.S. market is somewhat more developed? Do you see an opportunity there or would you -- are you more interested in proven track record internationally that's already underway?
Robert Berkley: Josh, I guess, again, it depends on how you define a greenfield. But if you look at most of our activities, most of the business that we've started, it's been a situation where we have an individual or a team of people that come together that have a significant amount of expertise that they've developed over the years within a particular niche. And we don't expect that we would deviate from that approach.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. Good luck.
Robert Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ray [ph] Tunis of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse: Good evening. Thanks. I guess my first question is just on the expense ratio, I guess bigger picture in international. It's been elevated for some time and it looks like premium growth is slowing somewhat. Just curious how much longer-term improvement there is contingent on revenue growth relative to managing down costs.
Eugene Ballard: I'll just make a comment. It's definitely a combination of both. I mean there's a number of initiatives underway that we know are going to improve things from the expense side. Bob could comment more on the premium side. But I think it's going to take a combination of both to get it where we'd like it to be.
Robert Berkley: So, as Gene, suggested, it's going to be a combination of both. Certainly, top line and earned premium levels have an impact. Certainly, currency to a certain extent has an impact as well in some cases. But fundamentally, much of the action that Gene was alluding to earlier that I touched on as well has to do with, quite frankly, just trying to find ways to make the business better, to make it more productive, to make it more efficient. And we think that we are getting some traction in doing so, really not because of what we're doing here at the holding company as much as really a lot of the good things that our colleagues that run these businesses are doing. So, long story short, would more earned premium in a vacuum be helpful? Absolutely. But I think the way we are going to get to a better place is because of some of these deliberate activities that we referenced earlier.
Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse: Thanks. That's helpful.
William Berkley: I think the bottom line is we would expect that expense ratio is going to come down. And putting aside currency issues, we will -- we expect to have somewhat improvement in the volume. So I think that, while in the short run, i.e. a quarter, you may not see much dramatic improvement, I think if you look at these numbers a year from now, it would be substantially better.
Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse: Okay. And I guess just on the consolidation line. Curious if you could maybe opine a little bit on how the consolidation might potentially give you guys some near-term advantages, if we should be thinking about this as something that over the next year or two could actually create revenue opportunities.
William Berkley: Why don't I let Rob talk about some of the opportunities he sees and how from an operating point of view, and then I'll also talk about it from a broader perspective --
Robert Berkley: So, just to make sure we're clear, we're talking about the consolidation that we see going on in the marketplace, correct?
Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse: Correct, correct.
Robert Berkley: I think that it creates opportunity on multiple levels. I think the fact of the matter is that whenever you have this type of activity going on, it creates a distraction within organizations that are directly involved in the activity, because they are somewhat inwardly focused on what they are trying to do, and when they are distracted in such a manner, it makes it more challenging to remain focused on the distribution system as well as ultimately the insured or whoever the customer may be. In addition to that, our experience is that oftentimes, back to the point around distribution, that when there are large mergers, it creates a question within the minds of some of the distribution how many eggs they want to have in one basket. And then finally, you have the other component which oftentimes also can create opportunities for us or any other market participant where there are talented people that for whatever the reason may be, become disenchanted with their future and are looking for another alternative.
Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse: Okay. And then I had one more, I guess, new one, just on NII. What was the impact this quarter from the energy portfolio and is there any visibility on what you think the impact might be next quarter?
Eugene Ballard: For the energy investments, yeah. They're profitable this quarter and we expect them to be profitable next quarter.
Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse: Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Yeah, on the tax rate issue, Bill. At some point, would you be willing to essentially re-domicile offshore, whether it's on your own or through some sort of M&A?
William Berkley: The answer is we're always willing to do what we think is in the best interest of our shareholders. We think we have some level of obligation to this country. We just think at the moment, the way the taxes are, we won't be able to compete in the long run when we're paying taxes at 30-plus percent and we have many competitors who are paying very low tax rates. And they do it, forget about what they show on their statements, they do it in many ways, through loss portfolio, transfers, because then they don't pay tax on the discounted value of their reserves, through all kinds of vehicles, some of which they feel are justified and some of which they don't. But the bottom line is, how much cash taxes do you pay? And it's a competitive disadvantage that in the long run you can't continue with. We look at it all the time. We've worked on Congress. I have no idea how come it has been so difficult to persuade Congress and I have no idea how some insurance commissioners think for some reason or another it's a good thing for people not to pay taxes in the country. But Jay, we work at it every day, we make that decision and we look at it all the time, and at some point we'll have to come to the conclusion we can't continue in the current posture. But each time they do something to make the differential less, it makes it less certain. But we would look at every alternative, and we do every day and we talk to people about it.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then maybe a question for Gene. It looks like your debt to capital is a little over 32%. Would that act as any sort of constraint when you think about buybacks at this point?
William Berkley: No, I don't think so. I mean the fact is our -- you have to remember, first of all, we have $400 million of statutory capital because we carry health equity at fair market value. So our statutory capital and our GAAP capital aren't the same, so we've had an increase in the statutory capital that you don't see of $400 million from just health equity. So there are -- and there are other things that we've had increases in statutory capital because there it's not the GAAP numbers, so statutory capital has gone up, whereas GAAP capital has not. And we haven't gone -- we haven't bought more stock than our net earnings have. So if you look at our aggregate earnings, the amount of stock we bought basically matches our earnings. So we don't think it's a problem.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And Bill, going forward, is that a reasonable assumption for us to use, that your buybacks and dividends would be roughly equal to your earnings?
William Berkley: I think that in -- over any period of time that'd be a general thing. Gene needs to make a comment about the -- he pulled up the numbers on these partnership things.
Eugene Ballard: I misspoke on the energy funds. I got a quarter ahead of myself with the one quarter lag. But they actually, in the quarter we just reported, they had a small loss. But we don't expect that to go forward. So I just want to correct that.
William Berkley: But at this point, just -- I think they don't have a lot of our attention because the velocity of change now is much less. Okay, Jay?
Jay Cohen - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. No, thanks for the answers.
William Berkley: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Balyasny Asset Management. Your line is open.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: Hi. Thank you. Bill, I was hoping first if you could talk a little bit about your outlook in the Latin America part of your international business. You know, forgetting about the currency for a moment, right, but just, you know, it seems like those economies are getting a little tougher. Does that impact your ability to grow or are the lines you're participating not seeing pressure from the economies there?
William Berkley: I think in the broadest sense, Latin America is a growing marketplace. It has more volatility as every developing market does. We have been successful in Argentina because we have great managers in Argentina, and they've done a great job. And we have the same in Brazil. And we're expanding in Colombia now. The cornerstone of this business is great managers and great people. And we think that we've been able to get those kinds of people to work for us. Now that said, it's a lot bumpier ride at the moment than it was 18 months ago.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: Okay.
William Berkley: But I think that we're pretty happy with our participation. And if anything, we'd like to use that opportunity of uncertainty for us to expand further.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: Got it, great. And then just on the taxes, just -- I mean the one advantage, I think you'd agree, I mean one advantage of being in the U.S. is access to business, and the offshore companies think they can't get at the, you know, great specialties you have because they don't have that -- that kind of business doesn't make it offshore, right? So --
William Berkley: No. The way they do it is they set up domestic subsidiaries.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: Right, right. But then they quota share part of it, they can't get 100% --
William Berkley: No. But they --
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: -- offshore.
William Berkley: First of all, they can do loss portfolio transfer, so they move their reserves offshore so they don't pay discount on the loss reserves. And then they quota share a large percentage of what's left. So they bring their tax rate down from 35% or 39%, down to less than 10%. So when you can do that, it's a pretty big competitive advantage.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: No, understood. I guess what I was getting at is sort of the opposite side, is, would any potential, you know, solution to improve your tax rate in any way affect your ability to control the type of business you want to control, right? You know what I mean? The companies offshore, even though some of them bought U.S. businesses, haven't seem to have the success accessing business in the same way because they seem to be perceived differently by being offshore.
William Berkley: I don't think it's the perception of being offshore. I think they have --
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: Okay.
William Berkley: -- have great people, but I think that some of them have great people and do really well and others don't. But I think being here, doing this now for almost 50 years, we have a competitive advantage because we have people who are old and gray and been doing it for a while and most of the others are young and spry. We're hopefully replacing the old and gray people with the young and spry people, and we'll have a combination that'll be okay.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management: All right, fair enough. Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Yeah, good evening. Just one quick question. Back at the top of the discussion, I think Rob had mentioned weakening in the commercial auto line. I was wondering if you could just expand on that. I guess I had been under the impression that that was a line of business that, relative to many, was actually holding up somewhat better.
Robert Berkley: Yeah. Maybe I miscommunicated, but from our perspective commercial auto is very challenged, while it would seem by and large there's opportunity for additional rate, I still think the economic result that will deliver is not particularly rewarding at this stage. So while it may not be rapidly deteriorating or deteriorating at all from a rate perspective, I think even with the rate increases that many in the industry are getting, it's not where it needs to be.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: I see. So the comment was directed more towards the relative profitability weakening rather than --
Robert Berkley: Yeah. That is correct. I'm sorry if I misspoke.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: No worries. That was the only clarification. Thanks very much.
Robert Berkley: Yup.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Howard Lineker [ph] of Lineker & Co. [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Participant: It's Linker [ph]. Hello everybody.
William Berkley: Hi.
Unidentified Participant: I'll take your side on the question of capital. You're writing at about 0.91 to 1 if you include total capital. And if you want to include equity, it's 1.3. You could write as much business as you want. You don't need capital. And as you have learned since went into business, you learned two things. One, the best form of capital is retained earnings. And second, when you were very -- when your business is very young, you saw what happened to insurance companies like St. Paul and GEICO and SEICO [ph] when they used too much leverage. The bill comes at a wrong time and it's a large bill. So I'm on your side on this one.
William Berkley: Thank you.
Unidentified Participant: You're welcome. That's it.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to William R. Berkley for closing remarks.
William Berkley: Well, thank you all very much. We are optimistic that this is a time that'll give us great opportunities in many fronts. The ability to be nimble and select the opportunities that reward our shareholders best, something we've always prided ourselves on. You can only be sure of one thing, we will always do what we think is right for our shareholders and you can count on that in this Company no matter what. Have a great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - Chairman and CEO Rob Berkley - President and COO Gene Ballard - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Ryan Tunis - Credit Suisse Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Vincent DeAugustino - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. Jay Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch Mike Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management LP
Operator: Good day and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporations First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including without limitation, believes, expect or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2014 and our other filings made with the SEC for description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Thank you very much. Well, good afternoon. Welcome to what seems like an extended winter. It is the first quarter conference call, however, in spite of that. So, we're going to start by letting Rob talk a bit about our operations and then we'll go to Gene who will talk about the numbers, then I'll try and talk about some general information and a little bit about where I think things are going, and then, take questions. So, Rob?
Rob Berkley: Thank you. Good afternoon. Market conditions during the first quarter were, generally speaking, a continuation of the trends that we've seen over the past few quarters. The insurance and reinsurance market continues to march to the beat of a very different drum. The reinsurance marketplace remains notably competitive, though the pace of deterioration, at least for the moment, seems to be slowing. As we've all observed and discussed, the challenges started in the property cat reinsurance market and have spread globally to most product lines within the reinsurance place -- marketplace.  On the other hand, competition in the international insurance market continues to accelerate as many market participants are looking beyond their borders for growth. Though not limited to Brazil, Canada and Australia all standout as being exceptionally competitive. Fortunately back here at home the domestic insurance market continues to offer good underwriting opportunities. In particular, the GL, much of the professional and the worker's comp market continues to be more attractive as in many other parts of the international marketplace. Having said this, domestic, property and cat exposed property as well as commercial auto remain quite challenging. Turning to the company's performance, the group had net written premium of approximately 1.57 billion for the quarter. This is up over 3% compared with the corresponding period last year. This result was in part achieved thanks to a strong renewal retention ratio which was approaching 80%. Our domestic insurance led the growth, coming in at an increase of 6%. Of the six points of growth, three plus was associated with rate. Our international insurance segment was up slightly more than 2%, however, there are a fair number of moving pieces, some stemming from FX which Gene will be discussing shortly. And finally, our reinsurance segment contracted 13%, which is very much in line with our expectations, given our view of the marketplace, overall, as I referenced a few moments ago, as well as an earlier call. The loss ratio for the quarter came in at 61.2. Our domestic loss ratio was at 61.6. This was negatively impacted by [cat] [ph] but also weather-related losses. Cat  PCS definition, which is what we use for our cat definition, captures much of the weather-related losses, but it does not capture slip and falls, frozen pipes or other structural damage such as issues that rooftops have due to excessive weight from snow and ice for an extended period of time. Our international and reinsurance segments both showed improvement in their loss ratio. In particular, I would draw your attention to the improvements in the international segment loss ratio, particularly compared with Q4 2014. The expense ratio also improved to a 32.7, this is an improvement of almost 1 point when compared with the same last year. Both the domestic and international segments continued to show their improvements in their expense ratio and the reinsurance segment which was going the wrong way  or, was deteriorating a bit, in fact, was a result of higher commissions. If you look at internal expenses, in fact, it's improving. All in, the company achieved a combined ratio of a 93.9, in spite of the challenging winter. It's worth mentioning this includes $12 million of net positive developments, also worth mentioning this is the 33rd quarter in a row of net positive development. Looking forward, we think that when we look at the marketplace, overall, we think certainly the domestic casualty market is amongst the more attractive parts of the market to be. And as a result of that, we think our platform is particularly well positioned to take advantage of these market conditions, given that approximately two thirds of our business is focused on the U.S. casualty space.
William Berkley: Thanks, Rob. Gene, do you want to take us through the numbers?
Gene Ballard: Okay, thank you, Bill. Well, for the first quarter 2015, we reported net income of $118 million or $0.89 per share that compares with $170 million or $1.25 per share a year ago. The decline in earnings was due to lower income from investment funds and from realized investment gains partially offset by modest improvement in the underwriting results. I'll briefly summarize each of those areas. As Rob said, net premiums were up 3.2% to $1.57 billion, and with the net up 6%. The domestic segment had growth in all its major business lines. The growth was led by professional liability, which is especially strong, due in part to a recently started company. The international segment was up 14% in original currency terms, however, after adjustment for the strengthening of the dollar, that converts to a growth rate of 2.5% in the U.S. and U.S. dollar terms and reinsurance segment premiums declined 13%, as both the treaty and facultative markets continued to be very competitive. Our overall underwriting profits were up 7% to $89 million. Our current accident year loss ratio before cat losses was 61% unchanged from a year ago. So, although our price increases are continuing to be modestly higher than our estimated loss cost trends, for now, we're holding that loss ratio at the 61% level. The paid loss ratio, however, continue to fall down to 51.4% in the quarter compared to 54% in all of 2014 and an average of 58% over the past five years. As Rob mentioned, cat losses were 14 million or one loss ratio of point, that's the same as it was in the first quarter of 2014. And the cat losses were primarily due to winter storms and almost all in the domestic segment. Payroll reserve development was 12 million in the first quarter that compares with 25 million a year ago. And again the majority of that positive development in the quarter was in the domestic segment. Overall expense ratio declined by nine tenths of a percentage point to 32.7, with improvement of 1.3 points for the domestic segment, 1.0 points for the international segment; that was partially offset by an increase in the expense ratio for the reinsurance segment, as Rob mentioned, as a result, primarily, of the sliding scale commissions on profitable reinsurance business. That gives us an overall combined ratio of 93.9 for the quarter, unchanged from a year ago, with the domestic combined ratio improving by six tenths of a point to 92.8. International improving by two points -- over two points to 97.0 and the reinsurance segment up half a point to 98.0. Turning to investments, despite the current bond market, our core investment income was 118 million in the first quarter, up 3 million from a year ago and the average annualized yield on the core portfolio was unchanged from 3.2%. Investment funds reported an aggregate income of 6 million compared with a profit of 54 million a year ago. 2015 resulted included a previously announced loss of 22 million for energy funds. The loss was more than offset by earnings of 28 million from other investment funds with especially strong results from the reinsurance  excuse me  from the real estate sector. Realized investment gains were 19 million in the first quarter, which is the 24th consecutive quarter that we reported a net realized investment gain. A year ago, we reported significant realized gains of 53 million, which were primarily the result of the sale of one of our significant commercial property investments. At March 31, 2015, the average rating and duration of the fixed income portfolio were AA minus and 3.2 years, both of those unchanged from the beginning of the year. Aggregate unrealized investment gains before taxes were up 25 million to 495 million at March 31st and unrealized currency translation losses increased 48 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against  primarily, against the British pound and the Canadian and Australian dollars. Interest expense was up 4 million due to the issuance of 350 million of subordinated debentures in August of 2014. A portion of the proceeds from that offering were set aside to repay 200 million of senior notes that mature next month. The effective income tax rate declined almost two points to 29.8% in the first quarter, that's mainly the result of the lower investment fund income and the lower investment gains, which are generally taxed at the full 35% tax rate. We repurchased 1.8 million shares of our own stock in the quarter for an aggregate cost of $91 million. All that gives us an ROE of 10.3% for the quarter and an increase in book value per share of $0.44 to 36,065 at March 31, 2015.
William Berkley: Thank you, Gene. Well, overall, I think we had an excellent quarter. Is it perfect? No. There are some things we'd like different. But I want to remind everybody, we manage the business to optimize the economic output of our enterprise. Does that mean we can't -- in this environment, with low interest rates, have quite the same predictable investment stream that we had in the past? So, several years ago, we shifted our investment portfolio, which gives us a less smooth investment income. That comes about in various ways. You see it by our capital gains where we've tried to give people guidance to say, sort of as a general rule. I think in terms of $25 million a quarter or so. But, there are also a number of other things that cause our investment income to be lumpy. So, we own a building. Well, its a zero equity value at the moment because all of our cash is out and we're refurbishing a bit of it. That's all on expense. It cost us $3 million in reported earnings -- a little more than that for the quarter. But, in fact, that hasn't been a diminution of the value of the building. But, for accounting purposes, it is. We have a number of things like that. We don't by companies because starting them is a better economic process. It doesn't show as well on earnings, especially in the short run. But, in the long run, it gives you a better cash return. We run the business as we run it from an economic point of view, as if we owned the whole thing. We try and focus on how do we get the best economic return. We're pretty optimistic that we have a number of things coming along that will catch up with that investment income return. So, we think the year will end up being quite a bit better than our 10.3% for the quarter. Whether we can get the 15% or not, hard to predict. Timing is everything. The operating results. We're in the right place in the market. But, it still is more competitive than we had expected. We still have opportunities to grow. We see niches that appear and then disappear. As long as we connect quickly, we'll be able to seize those opportunities. Our structure lets us do that. But, clearly, at the moment, things are not getting better. They're not deteriorating a lot, other than in the reinsurance business. But, most of the rest of the world, things are all right to getting flat. But, we're not prepared to say things will to continue to get better as the year goes along. We think things will continue will be all right. And keep in mind that earned premium that was written in the prior 12 months is going to continue going in at improving rates. So, our reported results should be fine and improving for this year. Where we go 12 months from now, it's hard to predict. But, we don't see any dramatic decline in profitability. In fact, we think things will continue to improve. With that, I'd be happy to answer questions, Amanda.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from Ryan Tunis with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks guys. My first question, I think it's probably for Bill. But in the press release highlighting, I think, in Domestic that you think you can modestly improve margins for the balance of the year. I guess I'm just curious. Do you see most of the improvement there coming from the expense ratio? Is there any more improvement left, potentially, on the loss ratio? With price, it looks like still above 3%. Just curious on that.
William Berkley: The answer is, there are several things happening all at once. It's like anything. The complicated stories don't have simple answers. First of all, we think we'll continue to have a modest improvement in the expense ratio. Second of all, inflation clearly has not risen as we anticipated it would and as many people expected. So, our lost cost growth is less than we thought it was and there is no sign at the moment that that inflation, which is just around the corner, the corner keeps getting further away. And finally, we've been able to get price increases still in the neighborhood of 3%, which is, in fact, a bigger spread than we anticipated over lost cost. You put those things all together, and thats just simple mathematics. It's improvement in margin and improvement in expense ratio. 
Ryan Tunis: Understood, thanks. My second one is more for Rob. And it's drilling down a little bit into the International business, clearly improved this quarter. Wondering what's driving that relative to the fourth quarter. Is that price? Is it mix? Were there lighter-than-planned, maybe, large loss activities? And also, just curious on any update in terms of the provisioning you guys did in the fourth quarter on the European professional liability book. Were there any incremental provisions put up there? Did you learn anything new from the experience we've seen in the last few months? Any help there? Appreciate it. Thanks.
Rob Berkley: Okay. Let me take those one at a time. So basically to make a long story short. Presumably, as you'd expect, the change between the first quarter and the fourth quarter  the loss activity quieted down dramatically. And as we have suggested, when we have the fourth quarter call, while there are no guarantees, we thought we had certainly looked under most stones and felt as though we were well on our way to getting our arms around it. Obviously, we continue to make sure that we have gotten our arms around it fully and it's possible that there could be a bit more noise coming through during the first quarter that we'll be talking about  rather, in the second quarter when we have the discussion about that. But, again, it was just reduced loss activity. Sorry, what was the second question? You were breaking up a bit.
Ryan Tunis: Yes, the second question -- I'm sorry -- was just, was there any type of incremental provisioning from what you did in the fourth quarter? Did you learn anything new? It sounds like you do feel better about 
Rob Berkley: I think the  the answer is, as we suggested, we feel as though we've identified the cornerstone issues and that we are getting our arms around it and we think we are well on our way to where we need to be. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. My last one is just on some of the energy investments and the extent to which you guys have visibility that some of those losses are behind us headed here into the second quarter.
William Berkley: We think there may be some investment losses, still. But, it's not anything like the magnitude of the $22 million. Probably, at this point, our best guess is $5 million from the energy funds losses. But, we're not 100% certain at the moment. 
Ryan Tunis: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Joshua Shanker: Gene, do have the arbitrage number there? You might have said it, but I was writing down too fast. Do you have that number?
Gene Ballard: Arbitrage number for the quarter was $9 million. 
Joshua Shanker: And so that was a pretty large one. But generally speaking -- and I think I've asked this before -- and you said there is volatility. It seems like in the net investment income line from fixed income returns, it's a little bit more volatile than I would have thought. Sometimes it's higher; sometimes it's lower. What are you actively doing, quarter to quarter, that makes it that way? Or am I just perceiving something that's really more stable in your view?
Gene Ballard: Well, just to be clear, in the release, we just give the core portfolio, so that is not just fixed income. 
Joshua Shanker: Yes, that's true, absolutely. But I do note that, if you go back historically and look through it, it does seem like some quarters, you have higher -- I guess I would expect, quarter to quarter, that the fixed income returns would be about the same, quarter to quarter. You can see in 3Q, you had about $120 million; and 4Q at $108 million. I guess this quarter, we take out the $9 million, it brings it to about $110 million. Maybe I'm looking at that 3Q 2014 anomaly, and just wondering if there's something clever you are doing on the fixed income side at this point?
William Berkley: We're not that clever.
Joshua Shanker: I don't think that's true.
William Berkley: Well, we couldn't be that clever because you are not recommending our stocks.
Joshua Shanker: That might be. That might be me [indiscernible].
William Berkley: If we were really that clever, you would be. So, the answer is, there are constant -- you make swaps to pick up dividends. You do all kinds of things. There's no question in that quarter, we were able to pick up some returns by doing a couple of things. And that was a particularly good return -- but I think that -- if you look at our base level of return, it continues and arbitrage does go up and down a little more than [indiscernible].
Joshua Shanker: And along those lines, do you have any thoughts on debt strategy here? I don't know if you have a long-term view on interest rates. But would you be interested in doing any refi at this point?
William Berkley: Well, we just did some. And we're going to next month pay off 200 million, at that point. As we always do, we look at our balance sheet and look at what our opportunities are, what we can do and try to figure out what opportunities may present themselves. So, we're -- it's something we look at all the time.
Joshua Shanker: Good luck with that and congratulations on the quarter.
Gene Ballard: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Thank you, and good evening. First question on your reserve. Could you talk a little bit detail about the $12 million reserve leasing in the Domestic segments and which line they're coming from? From which accident year?
William Berkley: We don't do that on the conference call.
Kai Pan: Okay.
William Berkley: You're welcome to give Gene a call and chat with him.
Kai Pan: Okay. Will do. If you just look at the amount of reserve release compared with the year-ago period, is that because it is quarterly volatility? Or you expect 
William Berkley: If you want to talk about the specifics of reserve releases, you really need to talk to Gene.
Kai Pan: Okay. Then switching gears to the current year loss ratio ex-cat, you mentioned on the call 61%. That's roughly flat, year over year, although the pricing, like gains, have been above your loss cost trend. I just wonder, is it more conservative reserving philosophy or something else there?
Gene Ballard: Yeah. We'll be cautious and see how the year folds out. We tend to look at the first quarter cautiously and if we see it developing more favorably, then, we expect, well recognize it as time passes.
William Berkley: I think, as I said in my comments, I also was a little more pessimistic about a rising inflation that seems to have turned out. So, if that ends up being the case, we may find that were more cautious than we needed to be. Rob you want to add anything?
Rob Berkley: Yeah, I guess, just following on that, as we discussed in the past, our view is that when we come up with our initial picks, we are probably more likely than not going to err on the side of caution and certainly a component of that would be the assumption around inflation over the duration of that potential liability. So the initial loss pick, again, there are no guarantees. But our historic experience and our expectation will prove to be more on the side of caution than optimism. 
Kai Pan: Great. And then the last question, on the investment side. Bill, what is your thought about the first Fed rate hike and people expecting probably later this year? And how would you position the investment portfolio basically going forward?
William Berkley: I think generally, our view -- because we were originally anticipating more inflation and increasing rates by the end of the year. I think we are less certain of that view at the moment and we're more cautious. I think that where we look today is more like flat to vary slightly increasing rates and very, very little increase in inflation. So, we are looking further out. I think the balance, which to us was inflation and slightly higher rates, more likely by the end of the year is now probably even to slightly -- I would guess even would be the best thing. And we don't see that happening. We think that China is, in fact, slowing down. We do think that they're really not gunning Europe. Europe is not getting going at an accelerated pace and the U.S. can't carry the world. 
Kai Pan: So, you don't see just kind of major changes to the -- your current portfolio allocation? 
William Berkley: No. I mean, we're continuing to invest more of our liquidity. We've got commitments to invest more in real estate and we'll probably sell some of the real estate that's been developed already. But, we're continuing to invest in that. So if anything, there'll be some increase in our real estate allocation. But, not really a consequential one. If we invest $500 million or more in real estate, that's just 2.5% of our portfolio.
Kai Pan: Right. Thank you so much for all the answers.
William Berkley: All right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent DeAugustino with KBW. Your line is now open.
Vincent DeAugustino: Hi, guys. Good afternoon.
William Berkley: Good afternoon.
Vincent DeAugustino: To start on the worker's comp side, looking at California. Just relative to your assessment of loss cost trends there within your own book and then the relative stickiness of the foreign base savings. I'm just curious in your opinion on the justification of the rating bureau's rate decrease in this -- how that compares to the experience of your book and whether you agree with that rationale.
William Berkley: Im pausing, not that I don't understand your question. I understand it very well. I'm trying to decide whether it's in the best interest of our shareholders for us to be talking about something of that nature. I think the  here's the best way I can answer it without answering it. I think that we feel as though that the California market provides, again, not across-the-board  I'm painting with a broad brush, but generally speaking, a reasonable opportunity to make a reasonable return. What the rating bureau does out there, I am not familiar with their data sets or their formulas, or intimately familiar with her actuarial analysis. But, certainly, our view is that the California market today is much healthier than it was a few years ago. Having said that, our view is that theres certainly opportunity for it to become a bit healthier.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay. Thanks for dancing around that issue. I appreciate it.
William Berkley: And then the reality is, it be common sense for us not to want to tell people our perception of an area that we compete in actively. So, we're trying to do the best we can without, probably, helping our competitors.
Vincent DeAugustino: Appreciate the disclosure there. And on that topic, I guess no good deed goes undone. So on the Supplemental Disclosure around Schedule P, sticking with worker's comp, if I look at that other bucket, it looks like the paid-to-incurred trend at 12 months maturity for the initial pick there has ticked up a little bit relative to past years. And on the IB&R allocation side, we see a little tick down that basically mirrors it. And so I'm just curious if there's anything there specific that's driving its worth? Maybe some of the changes in inflation assumptions might be responsible?
William Berkley: Anything above that nature, you'll have to talk to Gene off the phone.
Vincent DeAugustino: Got it. Thanks and best of luck. 
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. The line is open.
Jay Cohen: A couple questions.
William Berkley: Jay, I have a picture of that same volcano. And I was there 1971 with my first Independent Director. 
Jay Cohen: Hasn't changed much, has it?
William Berkley: It was erupting when I was there. 
Jay Cohen: A couple questions for me. The first is, the accident year loss ratio not showing any improvement versus the year ago. Is part of that some of this non-catastrophe weather? The burst pipes, the roof damage? That wasn't a cat, but clearly was somewhat onerous in the quarter?
William Berkley: Yes. That's a part of it.
Jay Cohen: You couldn't quantify that, though, Gene?
Gene Ballard: It's probably close to the magnitude of the cats, themselves.
Rob Berkley: Jay, this is Rob. I would think that a reasonable estimate to use would be  if you look at the cat number  multiply it by two and thats going to give you a weather-related number-ish.
Jay Cohen: In the year ago quarter, it would not have been as dramatic. Is that fair?
Rob Berkley: Right.
William Berkley: Correct.
Rob Berkley: I dont know, Gene is that right.
Jay Cohen: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, did you have -- no numbers -- but any adverse development in either Reinsurance or International?
Rob Berkley: No.
Jay Cohen: Okay. Great.
Rob Berkley: Its favorable, but very modest.
Jay Cohen: Got it. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you so much. Most of mine were answered. I had one question about FX. How should we think about the impact in International for the rest of the year? Should we think about that 11-, 12-point difference
William Berkley: I am sorry. I had a comment in my quote about it. And they all argued and nobody cared. So thank you, Michael. I appreciate it.
Michael Nannizzi: All right. Good.
William Berkley: The answer is, I think that it will have no impact at all. If anything, since you've actually look at the end of the quarter to now it's gone the other way.
Michael Nannizzi: I mean, that wouldn't be the first time that after ask a question to management team burst out laughing. 
William Berkley: I'm laughing with you. 
Michael Nannizzi: Good. I'm glad. Thank you. Thanks for that. And then one other one was, in the US, so growth there was about 5%, 6%. It's below 10% for the first time in a little bit. Any thoughts on what happened there? Are you just seeing less attractive opportunities? Or was there maybe a one-timer that impacted that? Or how should we think about your pension for growth in the US at this point?
Rob Berkley: Mike, this is Rob. I think there are a couple of drivers there. But to get to the root of your question, our expectation would be that the growth rate is going to sort of float between plus 5 and may be the low double digit, if you will, sort of 10% or 11% and that can ebb and flow depending on the quarter. There was no sort of one-off, if you will, that reduced the growth rate. Certainly, a component of it is that the rate increases have slowed a bit compared to what they were over the past few years. So, that's a couple of hundred basis points of growth rate there. In addition to that, there are certainly some sectors that have been driving the growth over the past many quarters that are not enjoying the same opportunity, energy being an example of that. But, overall, I think to expect the business -- as far as the domestic insurance business -- to grow at a rate somewhere between 5% and 10%, wouldn't be a bad assumption, at this stage, knowing what we know today.
Michael Nannizzi: Great. Thank you very much for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thanks good evening. Bill or Rob, I was curious to get your views. There's obviously been a lot of acquisitions going on in the industry right now. And I know a lot of it is on the Reinsurance side, but it does seem partially motivated by a desire to get into the Insurance space. And I think there is maybe one or two insurers that are rumored to be up for sale. How do you view that? First, do you expect this to continue? That we're going to see a continued wave, like the late 1990s; or are these one-off situations? And secondly, is Berkley just an interested observer? Or could there be anything that, at the right price and the right strategic merit, that you might be interested in doing something on the acquisition front?
William Berkley: We've managed this company in a way that we think is in the best interest of the shareholders; always, always have, always will. For us, that means if the right opportunity comes along, we will seize it. We think there's several things that are different now. Number one, we think a number of people deceive themselves by thinking scale of capital is an important competitive advantage. We think quite to the contrary. We think the world is full of capital and if you have skilled underwriting talent, you'll be able to get all of the capital you want. Therefore, getting more capital, as some people think is the object of putting two pieces together, is a bad decision. We think it doesn't help your shareholders. In fact, it ultimately dilutes their return. So, we should start by saying just acquiring something to get bigger, to add to your capital count is certainly nothing that we would consider. We always have the interests of finding ways to add expertise, finding people, finding something that gives us a competitive advantage. And, we are always in the market for that. And if people want to talk to us, were always willing to talk to them. But, it really has to do something that we think is terrific for our shareholders. So, I think consolidation will continue because there are a lot of people who found getting into the reinsurance business was easy and was an easy way to make money and it's going to be a lot tougher way of making money as people who have pools of capital thats not theirs get together with expertise. So, I think consolidations will continue. Smaller and intermediate size players will get acquired and there'll probably be opportunities and many things that have been done, we've looked at, we've talked about. For some reason or another, they haven't participated.
Ian Gutterman: Do you see any new business opportunity, as there is distractions from competitors who are involved in deals? That maybe there's the ability to get some underwriters from those shops that are uncertain about their future? Or just that brokers are hesitant to renew? Does that create a business opportunity?
William Berkley: There are always opportunities. We are a known quantity. We understand how to organize and set up new ventures, built around teams of people and a week doesn't go by that some team of people or another doesn't knock on our door and we talk to them. But, we have a view that they have to provide something that is worthwhile and the opportunity to generate the kinds of returns we think our shareholders need to achieve. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it. And then just lastly, you mentioned things are getting a little more competitive. When we see deals that, as you said, are just accumulating capital, they're not removing capital from the industry, does that cause concern for you just as far as how the cycle plays out? I would have thought at this point the cycle free of excess capacity, people would do deals to take capacity out of the industry, but that's not really happening.
William Berkley: Well, in some cases it is and in some cases it isnt. I think that -- at the moment -- and this changes all the time -- the hindrance for capital going out of the business is the fact that managements and Boards don't want to let go off their positions. So, capital can't move without their consent. I think that some of these things will, in fact, take place and you will find some of these people effectively going out of the business. So, I think that's going to involve and that will happen at some point in time in the next 12 or 18 months. 
Ian Gutterman: Got it. Thank you. Very thoughtful answers. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. William R. Berkley for closing remarks.
William Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. I know this is a time with lots of calls. We appreciate you being on the call and thank you all very much. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. That does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Rob Berkley  President and Chief Operating Officer Gene Ballard  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Vinay Misquith  Evercore Amit Kumar  Macquarie Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Larry Greenberg  Janney Capital Vincent DeAugustino  KBW Kai Pan  Morgan Stanley Brian Meredith  UBS Ken Billingsley  Compass Point Jay Cohen  Bank of America Ian Gutterman  Balyasny
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporations Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Thank you very much. We are pleased to report that for the year we hit our 15% target. On return, in general, we think the environment is pretty good; not as good as we'd like but certainly overall were pleased with where things are going. I am going to turn the call over to Rob for our operating results and then well follow up with Gene and then Ill try to finish off and answer questions. So, Rob?
Rob Berkley: Thank you. Good afternoon. During the quarter trends in the commercial lines insurance and reinsurance market were by and large consistent with what we have seen over the past several quarters. The reinsurance market remains exceptionally competitive and is yet to find the floor; however the pace of erosion, at least for the moment seems to be slowing. The drivers behind this competitive market continue to be the same as they've stayed in over the past several quarters. The alternative capital coming into the market is putting a great deal of pressure on the marketplace overall and traditional players are trying to rationalize how they are able to compete going forward and be able to also generate a sensible return. At the same time, we continue to see changes in the behavior amongst ceding companies. Cedings are looking for ways to buy more efficiently; they are looking to combine programs and reduce the number of treaties they buy, while simultaneously looking for ways to increase their net retentions. As it relates to the insurance market, certainly a very different picture; much brighter than that in the reinsurance space, though the tailwind seems to be gradually slowing. Select parts of the workers compensation, GL and professional market remained very attractive to name a few, while on the other hand long-haul trucking, aviation, and parts of the marine business continue to be a concerning puzzle. With regards to the companys performance, net written premium was approximately $1.46 billion, up slightly more than 7% when compared with the corresponding period last year. The growth was primarily driven by our domestic insurance operations as well as select parts of our international business, though it was partially offset by our reinsurance segment which is trying to navigate its way through obviously the very competitive environment that I mentioned earlier. Rate increases for the domestic insurance business were approximately 3.1%, and at this level we believe our margins continue to expand. Its worth mentioning as well that this rate increase was complemented by a renewal retention ratio of approximately 80%. The loss ratio for the quarter came in at a 60.8%. This is an improvement from last year in spite of the challenges that our international segments faced. You may have noticed this in the press release that the international segment did have a difficult quarter, and it certainly wasnt a great year. As it relates to the quarter, there were really two meaningful issues that led to the outcome. One had to do with CAT losses, and Gene is going to be touching on this shortly, but it really stemmed from two events, one in Australia and one in Mexico. The other issue was some loss development that we had coming through in our UK and European professional liability operations. We believe that we have our arms around the issue and are well on our way to addressing it. The expense ratio improved during the quarter by 1 point to 32.5%. Our domestic insurance business led this improvement, coming in at almost 2 points of improvement. This was partially offset by the reinsurance segment, which saw some deterioration in their expense ratio, and this deterioration was really driven by higher commissions. We believe that there is opportunity to improve on our group expense ratio from here, but takes time and the hard work of many. I would remind you that this type of activity on occasion requires one to take one step back before you can take two steps forward. When one point puts all the pieces together, the organization achieved a combined of a 93.3%, which is just shy of a 2 point improvement from the corresponding period in 2013. Gene is going to be touching on the highlights from the balance sheet, but I would offer one comment and that is we had net positive developments of approximately $23 million in the quarter and this represents the 32nd quarter in a row of positive development. When one takes a step back and looks at the quarter, clearly the international segment had its challenges, but as I suggested a moment ago, I believe that we are well on our way to remedying the situation and it just takes a little bit of time for that to come through in the numbers. The reinsurance segment certainly faced its challenges as far as the marketplace that it operates in. Having said that, we believe that the discipline and knowledge and experience of our colleagues in that space, well be able to continued to manage the capital effectively. And finally, the domestic insurance business which had a particularly strong quarter we think is well positioned to be able to carry on into 2015 with similar or improving results.
William Berkley: Thanks Rob. Gene, do you want to pick up the numbers please.
Gene Ballard: Okay. Good. Thanks Bill. Well, for the fourth quarter of 2014 we recorded net income of $111 million or $0.83 per share and a return on equity of 10.2%. Although the fourth quarter underwriting results improved significantly from a year ago, those gains were offset by lower earnings from investment funds and from our service businesses. I'll briefly summarize each of those activities starting with underwriting. Rob covered the premiums. I'll skip to the underwriting profits. Our overall underwriting profits increased 46% to $100 million with significant improvement in both the loss and expense ratio. The accident year loss ratio before cat loss is improved 1 point to 61%, as year-to-date rate increases, up nearly 5% on an earned basis, continued to well outpace our loss cost trends. Catastrophe losses were $18 million in Q4 compared with $13 million a year ago. As Rob said, the 2014 cat losses included international cat losses of approximately $11 million, which were due primarily to two events; one was a $7 million loss from a large storm in Brisbane, Australia in November, and the second was a $4 million loss from a late claim received by our Lloyd's business for Hurricane Odile, which was a category four hurricane that made landfall in Mexico in mid-September. Our prior year reserve releases continued to develop favorably with $23 million of positive development in both the fourth quarter of 2013 as well as the fourth quarter of 2014. In 2014 the domestic and reinsurance segments reported favorable development that was partially offset by prior year reserve strengthening for the international segment, primarily for professional liability business in the U.K. and Europe. Our overall expense ratio declined by 1.2 percentage points in the fourth quarter and almost 2 percentage points for the full year. The overall expense ratio for the fourth quarter was 32.5%, which is our lowest quarterly expense ratio since early 2009. The domestic segment expense ratio improved by 2 points and the international ratio by one point. That was partially offset by a higher expense ratio for the reinsurance segment, which was up 3 points primarily due to additional contingent commission payments on profitable reinsurance business. That gives us a combined ratio of 93.3% for the quarter, compared to 95.1% a year ago. The domestic combined ratio improved by 2 points to 90.6% and the reinsurance combined ratio improved by 8 points to 92.5%. The international combined ratio was up 6 points due to the cat activity and loss development that I mentioned earlier. Turning to investments, our core investment income thats for four investment funds was $118 million in the fourth quarter, nearly unchanged from a year ago as the slight decline in bond yields was offset by an increase in invested assets. The average annualized yield on the core portfolio was 3.2% in the fourth quarter compared to 3.3% a year ago. Investment funds on the other hand reported an aggregate loss of $3 million, compared with a profit of $22 million a year ago. The 2014 loss was primarily due to losses from energy funds and from another fund that invests in stocks. For the full year, the average return on investments for all investment funds was 12.7% in 2014, up from 8% in 2013. Realized gains from the sale of investments were $21 million in the quarter; thats the 23rd consecutive quarter that weve reported a realized gain on investments. And at December 31, 2014, the average rating and duration of the fixed income portfolio were AA- in 3.2 years and the aggregate unrealized gains before taxes was $471 million. I mentioned energy from our services business which includes both our insurance services company and our wholly-owned aviation company; they were $4 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Thats down $12.5 million from the fourth quarter of last year, which was our strongest quarter to-date for those businesses. The decline in profits in 2014 compared to 2013 for those services businesses was due primarily to the timing of aircraft sales and service contracts. Interest expense increased $4 million in the fourth quarter compared with a year ago due to the advanced issuance of $350 million of subordinated debentures in August of '12. A portion of those proceeds from that offering have been set aside to repay $200 million of senior notes that are maturing in May of 2015. We also reported a modest foreign exchange loss of $1 million in the fourth quarter of this year, which compares to a more significant FX gain of $4 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. In taxes, the effective tax rate was 31.8% in the fourth quarter which is consistent with the effective tax rate throughout 2014. However, compared to a year ago, it's significantly higher, the tax rate; in the fourth quarter of 2013 was 25.5%, and that was due to the utilization of foreign tax credits. For the full year that gives us net income, up 30% to $649 million, a return on equity of 15.0% and an increase in our book value per share inclusive of the special dividend that we paid in December of 13.5% to $36.21.
William Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So I'm going to try and go over what I think are the important points of how our year was; I'll talk about the disappointments as well as the high points. The biggest disappointment were the income from funds. The worst part of it was our oil-related investments as well as one particular common stock fund. Unfortunately, those are bumpy and one of the oil-related funds that we invested in will likely in the first quarter have an adverse impact compared to its similar quarter in the first quarter of 2014. We think at that point it will be behind us. Oil prices dont have to go sky high to have dramatic improvements, but when you choose to mark-to-market which is the nature of how we mark the funds in order to give more transparency, thats just how it is. We are offsetting declining investment income with the growth in investable assets. You can see, investable assets are up roughly $1 billion last year, and they will be up somewhere between $650 million and $1 billion in 2015 which again will help offset the decline in yield. We are putting more and more money into short term assets. We believe inflation is around the corner; we just aren't sure how far the corner is away. But in addition to the $700-odd million of cash we show, we have roughly $1 billion in other maturities which are less than a year but we can get a 1% yield on those maturities, so we think we are willing to go out that slightly longer distance to get up to a 1% yield. But overall, were still being very cautious. We dont expect to change that. Our reinvestment rate's probably 2.5%, maybe a little better, but we are mainly searching for things we can invest in that we may give up a little bit of liquidity, but we get 4% and 5% returns, but no market liquidity. High quality securities, however, is the only thing we are looking at. The core business, the basic insurance underwriting business continues to do well. The performance is excellent. There are a bump here and there that comes up. Its the nature of our business. We fix them, we dont hide them; we address the issues. We think well be able to continue to generate outstanding returns, especially given the interest rate environment. And whether we get 13%, 14%, 15% or 17%, I cant tell you at this moment in time, but we are going to still target that 15% return and we hope well be able to continue to achieve that. As far as capital management goes, we think there is lots of things happening in the industry, where opportunities to use capital, to obtain capital are available and were assessing those constantly. We are, and have always been careful managers of capital, whether its through special dividends or buying back stock. We are owners of the company. We are not theoretical owners; therefore, we act as owners, maximizing the return for our shareholders. We will continue to do that. Nothing has changed from that point of view. When we think the best use is paying a dividend, we are going to pay a dividend; when the best opportunity is buying back stock thats what we will do. Weve looked at acquisitions; we continue to do so. Most of them dont enhance the value to our shareholders. Were swapping our stock and the values we see in it for someone elses piece of paper that we dont think adds a similar value. Were just not anxious to buy someone elses business at a premium price. Weve been able to add business; weve added $700 million of business in the past 24 months net to us, and weve done it internally. We think well be able to continue to grow at a substantial rate. So, were pleased with how things are and wed like it to be more opportunities. Many of these acquisitions of similar companies will create opportunities for us because there are people that lose their jobs and create opportunities; there are people that dont want to have the same exposure, so they dont want to double up on that exposure. We continue to believe our model is good and we will continue to build on what we have, of course never closing our eyes to where we are. So with that I am happy to answer any questions in the call. Well be glad to answer any questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Evercore. Your line is now open.
Vinay Misquith: Hi, good evening. The first question is on the expense ratio that improved quite significantly this quarter. For the company as a whole, you are running at about a 33 expense ratio. Where do you see it going in 2015? Do you expect the continued sort of decline and how much do you expect it to decline?
William Berkley: All right. Rob will take that. Go ahead please.
Rob Berkley: Yeah, I think Gene, what we showed for the first quarter, I think were at a 32.5.
Gene Ballard: Right. 33 for the full year, yeah.
Rob Berkley: 33 for the full year. Our view is that there is opportunity for us to try and improve across the board. Certainly we think that there is opportunity for us to try and improve where we are on the domestic front. We think that the expense ratio, assuming there is not a dramatic shift in the environment, can improve a bit from there, from the 30. We are hoping that we can drive it down to something that starts with a two, but the greater opportunity for us is on the international front. And again, while its a smaller piece of the business, its not going to have the same impact, but clearly we need to be able to do something that is notably better than something that starts with a four.
William Berkley: I think that one thing to keep in mind though as it relates to the international expense ratio, the reality is, there are higher distribution costs oftentimes found on the international front. So, maybe to answer your question more specifically, assuming that market conditions remain as they are and we are able to maintain a level of earned premium where we are or better, I think you will see us be able to drive that expense ratio down over some period of time by certainly more than a 100 basis points.
Gene Ballard: So we hope we are going to be under 32 this year.
Vinay Misquith: Thats for the company as a whole?
Rob Berkley: Yeah.
Vinay Misquith: Okay. Thats helpful. Now youve grown quite significantly in 2014. So given the increase in competition, do we expect the growth to slow down meaningfully in 2015 versus 2014?
William Berkley: Well, first of all the 7.2% growth, 3% roughly was rate, 4% was growth.
Vinay Misquith: Right.
William Berkley: I think that it clearly is going to be more difficult, but I dont think 4% real growth is something that we would think would be impossible to attain.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, and just a numbers question maybe for Gene. Gene, the tax rate was about 31% in 2014. Whats the normalized tax rate for 2015 and 2016?
Gene Ballard: It should be in that neighborhood. I mean the only thing that varies for us is - the only taxable item that we have is not a 35% of tax-exempt income for the most part, so what varies for us is when we have a differentiation between other sources of income and tax-exempt income. So that should be a pretty good run rate. As I said, variation from a year ago was foreign tax credits which can move around a bit as well. But I would say thats a good benchmark.
William Berkley: The other thing is common stock dividends which - we sure have moved out of common stocks and theres an opportunity to move back and that might change it also. So, one of the issues you have is what our companies as a whole are going to do with their dividend rate, so forth.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, great. And then one last thing; on the alternatives - because of energy weve seen that vague. Should the first quarter of this year, should the number for the alternative investments be even lower than the $3.6 minus million we had in the fourth quarter?
William Berkley: The only piece that we know for sure is energy; the energy partnerships will be - result in - they would not make us any money. I would think the partnerships as a whole will be certainly not as good as the corresponding first quarter. We dont have the numbers at this point in time; everything is not in. As soon as we know, were going to do our best to give people a heads up. We were surprised about a couple of pieces of that, so well do our best to keep people informed. We think that the 12.7% return for the year was an okay return, but it was lumpier than we expected. But we would expect that we will have a fine return for the year, but it could be a little lumpy.
Vinay Misquith: Sure. Sure, but the first quarter you expect some sort of positive number on the alternative funds?
William Berkley: I dont know the answer to that. Ill know within the next three weeks, but I dont know now. Ill know a lot better - one of the things you have to understand also is, a couple of those are things that are in foreign currencies and so theres a lot of moving pieces to that. We will let you know as soon as we know.
Vinay Misquith: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie. Your line is now open.
Amit Kumar: Thanks, and good evening.
William Berkley: Who is this?
Amit Kumar: Its Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
William Berkley: All right go ahead, Amit.
Amit Kumar: Hey, just very quickly maybe a follow-up on Vinays question. Is the correlation between the energy funds and oil prices is that like sort of a 1:1 correlation? I guess what Im trying to ask is, if I look at the Q4 energy price, crude price change and then sort of apply it, is that a good enough estimate or there are too many moving parts to make that assumption?
William Berkley: Now, there are a lot of moving parts. I think directionally, its a good indication, but its not a one-to-one kind of thing. Directionally, its the right sense though.
Amit Kumar: Okay, thats helpful. The other question I had was, there was some comment in the opening remarks on the international professional side, and well, is that more of a methodology change or was there some sort of a one-time item on, I guess on the loss ratio side?
William Berkley: The short answer in the interest of time, and Im happy to get it to more detail if you like is that we had some negative development coming out of a few of the professional liability lines, and in our effort to get our arm around the situation we did what I would define as a reasonably deep dive and looked to try and make sure that we fully had our arms around it.
Amit Kumar: Got it, okay. And then just finally on capital management. I think you said that lots of things were happening, but most of them don't enhance I guess your older value, but that is
William Berkley: I didnt say that; I didnt say they are going to enhance shareholder value
Amit Kumar: I think you had looked at and passed.
William Berkley: Pardon me? No. we said we will continue to use capital management in order to enhance shareholder value, whether thats buying back stock, paying a special dividend or whatever, and theres a lots of things going on to give us opportunities to figure ways to optimize the use of our capital.
Amit Kumar: So net-net, no change in the capital management stance versus what we have seen in the past?
William Berkley: No, I dont think. I think that there are more people doing transactions which will give us more opportunities as our competitors try to do this, and we think thats going to be an enabler for us to do better.
Amit Kumar: Okay, fair enough. Thats all I have. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Michael Nannizzi: Thank you.
William Berkley: Hello, Michael.
Michael Nannizzi: Hi, how are you, sir? How are you doing? So I had a question about the expense ratio decline in domestic. What specifically was driving - our ceding commission's a factor potentially in that decline?
William Berkley: I am sorry Michael. Could you - the last piece of the question, you broke up a little bit. Could you do that once more please?
Michael Nannizzi: Sure. Yeah. Are ceding commissions playing a role in the expense ratio improvement year-over-year?
William Berkley: Ceding commissions are a component of it. I would also suggest to you that we are looking for ways to be more efficient and save dollars in how we operate the business, which is a meaningful component as well. And finally, obviously, we benefit from earned premium.
Michael Nannizzi: Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah, because it looks the dollar amount - the dollar expenses are up like, I dont know like 5% against - certainly a lot more than that on the revenue side. So I was just curious. So, some cost savings. And other actions that you continue to take?
William Berkley: I think that you should be operating with the understanding at least in my opinion that we feel as though that there is opportunity for further improvement, but again as I at least tried to suggest earlier, its not a smooth curve. Sometimes we need to take a step back in order to take two steps forward, but I think that there is still opportunity for us to improve in many places. Again, the international segment is one of the more obvious places from our perspective.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then, I think you said $24 million in net development Rob. Sorry, it looks like
Rob Berkley: $23 million.
Michael Nannizzi: $23 million. So, we get about 50 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion on the loss ratio purely as we think about these factors separately, and then about 90 basis points for the full year. How should we think about from here? I mean, whats the right sort of starting point to think about what you expect from or what should we expect from margins on an underlying basis from here?
Rob Berkley: Barring the unforeseen event, we think that it's possible that it could improve from here.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then just last if I could, just a couple of numbers questions. The insurance fees - insurance expenses in the fourth quarter, when I look year-over-year kind of blipped up pretty noteworthy on a year-over-year basis. I was just curious what was going on there, if there is something specific in the fourth quarter. And then, other expenses, seemed like they have been running a little bit higher than the year-over-year for the last three quarters or so. And just trying to understand if there is - maybe there is some comp that's running through there, like equity comp or something relative to the stock price, so I can think about the forward. Thank you so much.
Gene Ballard: Yes, well, the service fee are, a large part of that is, we do a lot of business with a signed risk plan, and so as we start new business with different states you will see that number go up and that is what has been happening. The increase in the other expense is, part of that's due to the increase in the service fees, but also, as a parent company we have some expenses that we dont allocate back to parent company cost, including the cost of running operation, and that goes to the Other Expense line - some of that is incentive comp as well.
William Berkley: And there is a lot of leverage in some of that when we hit a 15% return, where incentive compensation, its in, and is all at the parent company.
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. So we should be thinking about sort of that relative to the other costs and expenses - the service expenses, maybe thinking about that more relative to the insurance service fees. Is that fair?
William Berkley: That is true.
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
William Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg at Janney Capital. Your line is now open.
Larry Greenberg: Hi, and thank you. Just wondering how the decline in energy prices might be affecting your underwriting operations that concentrate in that sector, Berkeley oil and gas, and I think Berkeley offshore.
William Berkley: I'm going to let Rob take that.
Rob Berkley: I think that at this stage its a little bit premature for us to be able to quantify that in a definitive manner. Having said that, its hard to imagine that we are not going to see that coming through as the health of the part of the economy that we service struggles a little bit more than it has in the past. We are seeing early signs of the challenges. Just youre not seeing the same amount of investment from the operators that we have seen in the past. We certainly are seeing a slowdown as we look at some of their receipts. In this early stage we certainly are seeing a bit of a slowdown as it relates to their payrolls. So the long-term effect, what the impact will be on our business from an underwriting perspective, we dont get the same visibility that we do on the investment side, or certainly not nearly as timely a manner. We do expect that there will be an impact. Having said that we think the businesses are very well positioned and in spite of the headwind they'll do just fine.
Larry Greenberg: So beyond maybe the top-line impact, is there anything we should be thinking about from an underwriting margin standpoint?
William Berkley: I dont think so. I think that we believe the underwriting decisions are very sound depending on how difficult that part of the economy gets for what period of time. That may, for some period, have a negative impact at some point on our expense ratio, which we are more than prepared to deal with if the businesses begin to shrink, and thats fine as weve demonstrated in the past through other challenging times. But overall, the underwriting appetite and the underwriting discipline does not ebb and flow, it is constant and were not particularly concerned about it. But again, it may be a top-line phenomenon which will impact the expense ratio, but that's about it.
Larry Greenberg: Okay, thanks. And then, Bill, I'm just curious, on your case for the reemergence of inflation at some point. And would you - so maybe, whats the basis for that case, and then would you extrapolate that to impact industry loss trends?
William Berkley: I think ultimately there are issues that are old and common sense which says the government keeps printing money; more money will eventually convert it to inflation. The complexity that we are adding is we now have a global economy with people bringing money into the dollar with interest rates overseas basically going to negative. Even 20 basis points is more attractive here than it is when you are paying 20 basis points to deposit your money. So, I just think its eventually going to come about where we are starting to see pressure on wages here. If I was more certain about it, we'd have a lot more cash because it's still only 10% of our portfolio is short. I think that its a judgment that thats the direction were going and the duration of our portfolio is somewhat shorter than the duration of our liabilities, but modestly shorter; it's 3.2 years compared to say 3.5 years, 3.6 years. Again, 10% or 12% shorter. This is not a business where we make big bets because we think were brilliant; we hedge. Would we go a little shorter? Maybe. But right now we are cautious. We are looking for things to do that those less liquid assets would give us inflation protection. Were just being cautious because we see inflation as a major uncertainty thats sitting out there.
Larry Greenberg: And would you think that loss trends kind of follow the traditional inflation path?
William Berkley: Right now lost trends are totally benign and they are - our assumption of certain loss trends at 2% give or take, maybe 3%, if anything we are probably overestimating for the moment, but I dont see anything thats going to dramatically change that. And clearly, the question is how things heat up, when do they heat up, what causes it to heat up, how's that going to interact with the Affordable Care Act and certainly medical costs are being part with. I think that people who have to build models and have to make estimates have to make some assumptions. Our assumption is, we take a step in one direction and try to hedge a little bit. Our hedges, we think there is a possibility of inflation. We are assuming there is more inflation than it appears at the moment. But we'll have to change our view if inflation starts to pick up. We will have to go with the other things. But we do own real estate, we do own other really hard assets that will protect us in the event of inflation, and it will protect us more than in fact the levels of inflation.
Larry Greenberg: Thank you. I appreciate your thoughts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino of KBW. Your line is now open.
Vincent DeAugustino: Hi, it's is Vincent DeAugustino of KBW. Thank you. Bill, just your last point kind of segues into my question here, and it's on the strong dollar. And so, aside from any currency translation moves, I'm just wondering if we should think about any exposure to whether it'd be trade credit or any other lines where a strong dollar may actually raise claim incidence?
William Berkley: We have negligible exposure to trading credit. Let me - the answer is, we dont like trade credit in any consequence of way; we probably have some peripheral trade exposure in some - we end up having exposure in everything, someway, someplace, somehow, even though we are not supposed to. So we probably have a bit here or someplace. But we dont like trade credit. I think the real - the interesting thing is, the dollar strength causes us to mark our assets to market and while we mark our ability to market, we dont get a full credit for all those liabilities. So we've got some benefits at the moment where we've hedged our credit exposures as far as currency goes and we dont get the benefits on our balance sheet of those hedges. So, if anything, the strong dollar on our balance sheet is probably a positive at the moment. I think from an economic point of view, clearly a strong balance sheet is well have a more negative - on our balance sheet, not directly but indirectly on the economy, so it's something we need to be concerned about.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, good color. And then, on the workers comp front you guys have talked about, the term was building up the iceberg with returns being a little bit more acceptable. And weve kind of heard similar comments from some of the competitors in the space and Im just curious if kind of the pace of building up that iceberg has been impaired by any incremental competition in that workers comp arena of if it's still business as usual there.
Rob Berkley: This is Rob. I think the answer is that clearly workers compensation is a bit more competitive than it was 12 months ago. Having said that the business that were writing, were still very confident that it is achieving or exceeding the targeted return that was referenced earlier. So, yes, the market is more competitive, but we dont think that it's gotten to the point that it's not still attractive. I think it's important to note that one should not paint with too broad of a brush; there are parts of the market within the comp universe that are exceedingly attractive, and there are other parts of the market which one should tread very carefully. So, I think we as an industry tend to talk about the comp market as one, but quite frankly it's really a bunch of micro markets all under the banner of comp, both depending on exposure as well as territory.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, good to hear, and then just one last one from me. So, Bill, its a big picture question for you. On the reinsurance side, it seems like the premise here has, become bigger is better and so I'm curious is from your standpoint if you think any of this consolidation benefits the industry or if it's really just repackaging some of the same issues that were dealing with today. And thank you.
William Berkley: I think that the people who benefit will be the executives of the industry who do that. I think that for the most part bigger is not necessarily better. I think there are some companies that are too small to be competitive, I think can't get along with $1 billion or $2 billion of capital but I think $4 billion or $5 billion of capital was probably okay. My best judgment is, it's just fewer people for the government to look at who dont pay taxes. It just makes it easier.
Vincent DeAugustino: Okay, thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Kai Pan: Good evening. Thank you for taking my call. First question is on the pricing side. You said that rate increase currently stand around 3%. Thats roughly the same last quarter. So can you talk a bit more about the competitive dynamics in marketplace? Do you see the pricing deceleration will be orderly in 2015 and next year, or there is potentially going down quicker than what were seeing right now?
William Berkley: Well, I dont think there is anything orderly about what were seeing today to tell you the truth. I think its a pretty mixed bag. Again, we end up talking about rate increases, but we are covering a pretty broad spectrum of different types of insurance here and there are some that are getting tremendous increases still at this stage and there are others that are - quite frankly, were willing accept rate reductions because we believe in the margin in the business. I think ultimately what should we expect going forward; it in part is as a result of some factors that are out of our control, part of it being how aggressive will the reinsurance market get from here and are they going to empower irresponsible behavior in the insurance space. So, I dont really know to tell you the truth how orderly it will be, but we certainly at this stage dont see anything in the marketplace that would lead us to believe that anything is going to fall off the table.
Kai Pan: Great. Then, secondly, on your - the profession line in your international book, you mentioned there was some issue there. Could you detail a little bit on that? And also, have we seen the worst already sort of taken care of, or there could be some continue some issue to be addressed for a period of time?
William Berkley: Yeah, well, the issue was stemming from our professional liability that we wrote out of the UK and a bit out of Europe. And to make a long story short, the issue was that the business performed less well than we had anticipated. In fact, it performed poorly. As it relates to going forward, as I suggested I think that we have done a reasonably rigorous examination of the portfolio, and while I cant guarantee everything, I am very much inclined to believe that we have our arms around it and that we have taken the action that is required. So, is it possible that there could be some additional modest noise coming out over the next quarter or two? Yeah, of course its possible. But do I think that it would be anything to the extent that we saw in the fourth quarter? I would be both very disappointed and surprised.
Kai Pan: Thats great. Lastly, on your own reinsurance book, like you see significant decline because probably your pricing discipline is account for like about 10% in your overall business. I just wonder like what are you seeing about the size of the book? And in the current marketplace does that put you at a disadvantage in terms of getting business or getting favorable terms and conditions.
Rob Berkley: No, I dont think that the size of the book at this stage in anyway marginalizes our ability to be effective in the marketplace.
William Berkley: I think the fact is that we have strong relationships with all the brokers. We have strong relationships with the ceding companies. And quite frankly, I think the quality of ceding companies that we have long-term relationships with, they both appreciate and respect our underwriting discipline and our relationships are alive and well. So from our perspective, we think the people that manage the reinsurance business are very capable, they know what theyre doing, and theyre doing just what we would want them to do.
Kai Pan: Thats great. Thanks so much for all the answers.
William Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. Your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Two extra questions; one of them, back on the reinsurance book, Rob, Im just curious, clearly the cyclical pressure is going on right now in the reinsurance market from excess capital etc, etc. But do you believe this is a market that's got secular pressures as well because of the alternative capital and maybe the way that reinsurance buyers think about purchasing decisions now?
RobBerkley: I dont - the world is changing. Okay? The world is changing from every aspect and there is lots of capital searching for predictable returns. And the returns will not be as predictable as those people think. Weve had a wonderful run of low cat activity and weve had some people who are quite - they are brilliant. And I think that as long as that continues, therell be lots of cat capacity. In the meantime, I think that it will continue with there being low cat activity and low interest rate because the marginal return you can get, if you have a portfolio of fixed income securities, the margin return from taking a flyer in the reinsurance business is pretty significant. So if you have a $10 billion pension fund, its probably something that we think that makes sense to take a flyer and you'd have $10 billion pension fund. You expose $300 million, you can get a marginal return of a consequential amount when you're used to getting only a 1% return.
Brian Meredith: Got you. And I'm just curious, where you able to take advantage of the increase in competitor reinsurance market at the one more [ph] endorsees and with your own programs and kind of what are your thoughts there, are we at a point where the arbitrage is available in areas?
Rob Berkley: Brian, it's Rob. As it relates to our own ceded activities, of course we are cognizant of whats going on in the reinsurance market and we try and make sure that we take that into account in our buying habits and ensure that we are managing the capital appropriately for the share holders. So yes, we have benefited from the current reinsurance market. At the same time, we have not - weve been conscious or not overreaching and turning our back on our long-term partners because we think that one needs to strike the balance between being opportunistic but also recognizing ones partnership with those that has gone back for many years and will hopefully continue on for many years.
Brian Meredith: Great. And then just last question to Rob. Are you seeing any increased appetite from the standard commercial markets maybe dipping down in the E&S market at this point?
Rob Berkley: It really quite frankly hasnt become a huge issue so far based on what we have seen, and you should know what we will see in the next call at 90 days or throughout 2015. But the competition that were seeing from some of the standard markets to the extent that it's there and it's invisible, its really more our regional companies that has seen it and certainly our monoline comp companies have seen the national carriers sort of reawaken in the comp space having stepped away over the past several years.
Brian Meredith: Great, thanks. Appreciate the answers.
Rob Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Billingsley of Compass Point. Your line is now open.
Ken Billingsley: Good afternoon, I just would like to follow-up on the reinsurance purchases for yourself. It looks that the net - the gross appears relatively flat. So you said you're not going to obviously to take advantage of your reinsurance partners, but are you getting more coverage than maybe better terms and conditions for the same price? How?
William Berkley: I think the best way I could answer that because we generally speaking dont make it a practice to get into the nooks and crannies of the coverage that we buy. I think that from our perspective, we believe that the average rate that we pay for reinsurance today is less than it was in the past. So, in other words, the premium that we are ceding may look similar to you, but as I think you were alluding to a moment ago, I dont think you should assume that the coverage is one and the same.
Ken Billingsley: And then the last question I have is, at the end of the year you guys pulled back on the stock buyback and I know you did pay a special dividend. Was that one of the reasons, was because you were paying the special dividend that you pulled back on the stock buybacks? And then, the second part of that is, how much more room do you have for existing repurchase authorizations this year?
William Berkley: We have lots of authorization and I never comment on why we buyback or dont buyback or whatever. But we have lots of room on new authorization and its a constant judgment we make based on the price of the stock, use of capital. I mean one of the problems we face is we think were way over-capitalized but the rating agencies don't. So if you look at the history of our companies, we are more than generously capitalized because we dont have the volatility of many of our competitors. But rating agencies look at average capital employed, and as everyone becomes more and more over-capitalized, the standard goes up. So we continue to search for opportunities and ways to return capital to our shareholders in an effective way that still meets all the guidelines the rating agencies require. And well continue to do that, but to do the best job for our shareholders would not be to tell people how we do it or what were going to do.
Ken Billingsley: And last question I have is regarding your service fee income, I know you had mentioned that a large part of the increase was assigned risk plans and new business starts in new states. So should we assume that service fee income will remain at these elevated levels going forward?
William Berkley: Mr. Ballard.
Gene Ballard: Yes, in the near future, yes.
William Berkley: I mean, all these contracts typically have a life of a few years, give or take around three years while there are some exceptions, and those are constantly being put out to bid and rolling on or rolling off.
Ken Billingsley: Okay, very good, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Jay Cohen: My questions are answered, thank you.
William Berkley: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Your line is now open.
Ian Gutterman: Hi, thank you. Gene, first, do you have the - can you tell us how much in dollars the average of that one was in international for the quarter?
Gene Ballard: We havent disclosed that yet. Well have that in our 10-K.
Ian Gutterman: Okay. Can you just take a ballpark around loss ratio points? Just trying to get a rough senses of how stanching it was
Gene Ballard: You got to wait.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, no problem. And then Bill, on the energy side, I was looking through some of the disclosures. I think your 10-K shows about $115 million in the energy funds. As I go through your Schedule D there is one private equity firm where you have multiple investments that add up to pretty close to that $150 million
William Berkley: It is all one investment fund
Ian Gutterman: Okay and it looks
William Berkley: With three tranches.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, and looks like that investment firm from what I see is based in Canada and a lot of their investments from what I understand are in Canadian oil sands. Is that accurate, and if so, how comfortable are you with that, given they seem to be sort of marginal capacity in the [indiscernible] youre talking about trying to put them out of business.
William Berkley: First of all, you made a lot of different statements in that comment.
Ian Gutterman: I did.
William Berkley: And I havent yet talked to the - well, the King of Saudi Arabia hasn't told me his plans. Number two, theyre not really in oil sands per se. Their first fund where we met them was oil sands and that fund is almost fully paid out.
Ian Gutterman: Got it.
William Berkley: And their subsequent funds was in the Gulf of Africa, all over, several of them being very low-cost oil. But the fact is the oil prices is down 50%. They are the most brilliant people in the world; the value of what they got has gone down a lot.
Ian Gutterman: Okay, got it. And just from a - you mentioned obviously some pressure on Q1. I assume these are reported with the 1Q lag and - some of your investments are public, but for the privates how does - do you have a sense of how they mark those? I know a lot of time private equity markets tend to sort of lag
William Berkley: I cant give you an answer to that.
Ian Gutterman: Okay.
William Berkley: The answer is, I dont know. We do our best to be sure it reflects the fair market value of the securities or that they
Ian Gutterman: Okay fair enough, I was just curious. Thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions at this time.
William Berkley: All right, thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in todays conference. That does conclude todays program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day everyone.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  William Berkley - CEO Rob Berkley - COO Gene Ballard - CFO
Analysts:  Amit Kumar - Macquarie Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley Vinay Misquity - Evercore Brett Horn - Morningstar Jay Cohen - Bank of America Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital Ian Gutterman - Balyasny
Operator:  Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley:  Thank you very much. While we were very pleased with our quarter, we think it demonstrates our earnings capacity, and we think that looking ahead while there are bumps in the road, were quite optimistic that well continue to be able to deliver outstanding returns. Im going to let Gene start out by talking about our financial results - excuse me Ill let Rob Berkley to start by talking about our operating results, and followed by Gene. Go ahead, Rob.
Rob Berkley:  Thank you. What a relief. I thought Gene is going to take all my material. Good morning, everybody. Market conditions during the third quarter, by and large, followed the trends that weve seen over the past few quarters. The domestic insurance market continues to offer the greatest promise from our perspective. Casualty and workers comp continue to standout as particularly attractive. Non-cat exposed property also offers some opportunity and we are seeing the ability to get additional rate there. Having said that, cat exposed property is a bit of a different story. As it relates to professional liability, it is very much a mixed bag or it continues to be as weve suggested in the past. By example, D&O is very split between, what we would define as, the Fortune 1000, where that excess market is particularly competitive. Having said that, the smaller cat part of that marketplace there is opportunities for meaningful rate increase in both the primary as well as the excess. Commercial auto continues to be a bit of a challenge. Rate increases are being achieved in the marketplace and we expect that this is going to need to continue for an extended period of time. Adequate returns for this product line at times feel as though its a carrot tied to the far end of a long stick, but I think were getting there gradually. On the international front, it depends on the corner of the globe that you are talking about, but I would make the comment that both for U.K. and select parts of Continental Europe remain exceptionally challenging. The big question mark or concern from our perspective continues to be the global reinsurance market. Weve talked about this over the past several quarters and it continues to be front and center on our radar screen. The fact of the matter is the cold that the property cat market caught some time ago seems to be spreading to other parts - continuing to spread to other parts, I should say, of the reinsurance marketplace and it would seem as though no bottom has been found yet. While benign cat season can mask some of these issues, there should be no misunderstanding the underlying challenges persist.  Turning to our organization and how we did over the third quarter, net written premium came in at approximately $1.525 billion. This is an increase of 7% when compared with the corresponding period last year. The growth was primarily driven by our domestic insurance business which grew at approximately 12%, and was partially offset by our reinsurance segment, which was off by approximately 16%. This very much fits with our expectations, given the market conditions in the reinsurance space that I mentioned earlier, as well as in prior calls. Let there be no misunderstanding we applaud our reinsurance colleagues for their underwriting discipline. Rate increase for our insurance operations was approximately 3% and the domestic insurance was a bit above that and our renewal retention ratio remains at about 80%. Loss ratio for the quarter was at 60.7%, which includes approximately 1 point associated with cat. Its worth noting, and Gene is going to get into this in a bit more detail, that in our cat number, there are two aviation cold war losses that are coming out of our international segment. Expense ratio showed improvement and we thought it was encouraging particularly what came out of the domestic insurance segment. This is another area that we are very focused on and we expect that well be able to continue to improve on whats going on with our expense ratio over the quarters to come. However, I would caution you that on occasion we will need to take one step back in order to take two steps forward. As it relates to the combined, it was 93.5% on a calendar year basis, and when you adjust for reserve development as well as cat, we came in at 93.4% on an accident year basis and I would remind you that this is approximately 2 point improvement from the third quarter last year. On the topic of loss reserves, we had net $13 million of positive reserve development, and I would remind you also that this is the 31st quarter in a row of net positive reserve development. As we look forward to 2015, we remain encouraged as we continue to see our rate increases in excess of loss cost trends continue to earn through.
William Berkley:  Thanks, Rob. Gene, do you want to pick it up?
Gene Ballard:  Okay, thank you, Bill. As you can see, we did have an outstanding quarter with a 46% increase in net income and an annualized return on equity of 17.4%. I'll start with just a few more details on the underwriting results that Rob covered. As he said, overall premiums were up 7%. The domestic growth of 12% was led by workers' compensation, professional liability, and selected short-tail lines. The international premiums up 3%, was a result of lower growth in Europe and a modest decline in South America. And in the reinsurance segment, the decline of 15% was a result of less treaty business written in both Asia and the United States. With respect to the underwriting results, underwriting profits were up 17% to $95 million with a combined ratio of 93.5%. Just recapping again the major components of underwriting, accident year loss ratio, before cat, down 1 point to 60.6%, as rate changes more than offset our loss cost assumptions. Cat losses $15 million, one loss ratio point and that included $9 million from storms in the U.S. and another $6 million that Rob referred to from the aviation events in the Ukraine and Tripoli. Favorable reserve development was $13 million primarily in the domestic segment and overall expense ratio down a percentage point to 32.8% with the domestic expense ratio down a full 2 points as many of the expense initiatives underway are beginning to have a stronger impact across more of our company. If you look at those combined ratios by segment, domestic improved by 1.6 points due to improvement in both the accident year loss ratio and expense ratio, partially offset by slightly lower reserve releases. International segment combined ratio increased 6 points due to the aviation-related cat losses that I mentioned before, as well as modest unfavorable reserve development, and the reinsurance segment combined increased by 1 point to 98.7%, due to lower earned premiums, and slightly lower, but still positive reserve development in the quarter. Turning to investments, our overall investment income increased 43% to $179 million. Most of the increase was related to investment funds which earned $59 million, up from $12 million a year ago. The increase in the investment fund earnings in the quarter was primarily related to strong returns for funds in the aircraft leasing, real estate, and energy sectors. The overall yield on the portfolio, excluding gains, was 4.6% in the quarter, up from 3.4% a year ago. In addition, we reported realized gains of $72 million, up 65%. The largest gain in the quarter was a $39 million gain that resulted from an IPO by one of our private equity investments. We report that investment under the equity method of accounting, and under that method, our share of the increase in the companys stockholders equity, as a result of the IPO, which was $39 million, is reported in realized gains. However, the full market value of the stock at its current price is not recognized until -- and if and until the stock is sold. So at the current price, the market value of our stock exceeds the carrying value by $260 million and thats not in the earnings or on the balance sheet. For our overall portfolio, aggregate pre-tax unrealized gains were $561 million and the average duration and credit rating were unchanged at 3.1 years and AA-. In August, we issued $350 million of 4.75% senior notes that mature in 2044. A portion of the proceeds from the offering will be used to repay $200 million of 5.6% senior notes that are due in May of 2015. Our effective income tax rate increased to 31% in the quarter from 29% a year ago. As I talked about on our last call, as we earned more from underwriting and from investments other than investment income, our effective tax rate has moved closer to 35%. We repurchased 738,000 shares in the quarter and 5.6 million shares so far this year. With that, we finished the quarter with a book value per share of $37.10, up 13.1% from the beginning of the year.
William Berkley: Thank you, Gene. Id like to talk about a couple of things about our investment results, complain about the accountants, and try to give you a little bit better picture of where we expect to go. As hopefully most of you remember, I told you certainly for the past few quarters that we would anticipate, on average, $25 million or more per quarter of investment returns. Thats going to be a little lumpy. It may be more one quarter, it may - we may miss a quarter. But the fact is achieving the kinds of investments goals that weve set forward and the returns we want for our company preclude us from having high-quality fixed-income securities for all of our portfolio. We still have the vast majority of our portfolio in those high-quality fixed-income securities, more than enough to meet all our liabilities. So were talking about relatively modest amounts, $2 billion or $3 billion of our roughly $16.5 billion or $17 billion investment portfolio. Where we invest in these non-traditional kinds of things, weve been very successful in doing it. Part of the issue that we face is the accounting rules which tell us where we book things, how we book things, which are not relevant from the point of view of building book value, but it seems to impact analysts more substantially than reality, and that is, if its in operating income, people think thats good. If its in capital gains, it doesnt count. Oftentimes, these things are the same.  So we continue to build our investments portfolio in alternative kinds of things, our private equity portfolio which is where we own large percentages of companies. A good example would be Health Equity, which is the company Gene was speaking about, where we booked a substantial income gain and we have an unrealized gain in the portfolio, which is not reflected anyplace of $260 million, or as of probably yesterday, $285 million. But in fact those are the accounting rules. We carry it at our equity and if it was in our regular ordinary portfolio, our book value would increase. There are other things that are similar to that. In our real estate portfolio, we have substantial gains that arent recognized, but again [indiscernible] costs. Its not that these realized gains are new and they went from yesterdays value to todays value. They are reflective because of accounting rules at costs and equity or whatever, and when, in fact, something happens, that allow us to move the unrealized unrecognized gains, it suddenly becomes visible. We think thats a very significant number. Hard to get a definitive number on it, but certainly you measure it in $5 a share or more. So we are pleased with our real investment results, but have to recognize we elected to take a course that gives returns that are less subject to building a model around them. We continue to be optimistic that there will be opportunities to find such returns. We, at this point, have been able to continue to do that and were very pleased at where we are this quarter and are optimistic about the balance of the year and continue to see opportunities that we can invest in. So, with that, Im happy to take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Congrats on the quarter. Just very quickly and the color was very helpful. Some of the questions you were getting last night related to the discussion on the energy-related exposure in your investment funds, especially as it relates to the drop in, I guess, crude and energy pricing of 22% in Q3. How should we think about that piece and its impact in Q4 numbers?
William Berkley: Current gave us a $5 million, $6 million positive in the third quarter, and my guess is it will be breakeven to a loss in the fourth quarter. Again, its a bumpy process, the energy markets, but they are not highly leveraged from that point of view. On our exposure to current has been constantly diminishing as they liquidate their assets. So its a smaller number at the moment, but I would think that would be a negative swing next quarter.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: The other question I had was, I think when Rob was talking about the expense ratio in domestic and obviously you pointed out the improvement and yet there were some cautionary language around that. Is this -- should we think about, I guess, the 31% as sort of the number we should think about for the next few quarters or is there more room for improvement in that?
William Berkley: Ill let Rob answer the question.
Rob Berkley: I think as far as the domestic goes, I would encourage you not to get fixated on the 31.1%, it can move up and down some number of basis points. Having said that, I think over a longer period, the trend is going to be downward. A lot of it is quite frankly going to be driven by a mix of business and market conditions. I think what you really have seen in the domestic business is that our earned premium continues to grow and we have gotten to the point where were able to further leverage our platform. So, again I would suggest that you recognize that it could go up or down a little bit, but I think overall there is probably more likely over time room for a bit more improvement than not.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Got it. Thats helpful. And just a quick numbers question for Gene. Do you have the paid losses number?
Gene Ballard: The paid losses or the paid loss ratio?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Paid loss number. Ill take anything.
Gene Ballard: The paid loss ratio in the quarter was 53.4%.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple of questions in the domestic business. So it looks like the short-tail lines grew a bit and comp also grew a bit. We saw some other players look like they are pulling back a little bit there. In comp, is that excess or primary? And can you give a little bit of color on short-tail lines please? Thanks.
Rob Berkley: The growth is primarily driven by the primary comp as opposed to the excess comp. I think we had a little bit of growth in the excess comp, but again it was mainly primary, and thats just because, again as we suggested in the past, Mike, we dont think that everything is rosy for comp nationwide, but we think that there are certain markets, certain classes within the comp space that are particularly attractive and we like the returns. So we recognize that the name of the game is to - is its a cyclical business. The name of the game is to build up the iceberg as big as you can because over time market conditions will become less attractive. So thats what were doing in the comp space, adding to exposure, adding to count, again because we like the returns.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then just on international, how should we be thinking about that? It looks like the combined is kind of sticking up in the kind of 98-ish range recently. Youve had some growth, the growth kind of pulled back a little bit this quarter. How should we be thinking about the trajectory for that business? Is that an area where you expect to continue to grow? And do you want to see that or do you expect to see maybe the expense ratio follow the same sort of pattern that weve seen on the domestic side recently?
Rob Berkley: I think in the short run, youre going to see the growth rate slow a bit from what you have seen in past quarters. I think on the expense ratio side, clearly we have some work to do and we are focused on that, and as far as the loss ratio, theres some work to be done there. Some of the businesses that make up that segment are performing particularly well. The syndicate is doing reasonably well putting aside the two aviation cold war losses. Our European/U.K. insurance business, aside from our Lloyds operation, we have some work to do there as I think I mentioned a quarter or two ago, and we have already taken some action to get that to a better place and we think the results of those actions will be coming through in 15.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then, just Gene can I ask a numbers question? On other expenses, it looks like that number ticked up in the quarter. Obviously, that doesnt run through the combined ratio, but just trying to think about just overall operating income, it looks like it ticked up from about $33 million to about $42 million in the third quarter. Is that just some seasonality trend or is that just something that flipped up this quarter and last quarter or is that a level that we should be thinking about?
Gene Ballard: Yes, thats the parent company expenses, and then any expenses that we dont allocate back to the subsidiaries, and one of those is a big portion of our incentive comp program is kept here at the parent level. So as we make more money, we accrue a little bit more for that and that comes through in the quarter when our returns are higher, but its unallocated expenses that we choose to paying here at the parent level.
William Berkley: Mike, let me just be a little more explicit. As our return for the year is going to move over 15%, we start to have to accrue on a different level for an incentive plan, which is not at all -- which is all paid for at the parent company expense level and not allocated. So as its become much more likely that well exceed that 15% return for the year, one of our long-term incentive plans required a great accrual.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I understand. So as time goes on and you are accruing past that threshold on a net basis, then you start accruing more in terms of comp.
Gene Ballard: Yes, except this was a catch up for the first three quarters, not quite but we werent there. So when I say catch up, you make it for the year. So as soon as youre confident youre going to make it for the year, you make it. So, for example, God forbid, we would have a terrible fourth quarter, we would find that would be in over accrual.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Got it. So then if I were to take that accrual piece out and look at whatever the corpus of the expenses were, other than that, is it fair to say whatever that was, that didnt change much year-over-year?
Gene Ballard: There will be some modest growth, but nothing that significant.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I want to talk to you guys about the traditional investment portfolio as opposed to the alt investment portfolio. I noticed that your investment yield seems to have gone up by about 20 bps compared to a year ago or the second quarter. Have you changed strategy on investing or what might be causing that?
William Berkley: The answer is no. Let me -- our duration is unchanged, our quality of the portfolio is unchanged. For a period of time we were able to invest our short-term cash and bring it down because cash flow was up. So our mix of short-term cash changed a little bit, but it was quirky. Our returns have been on their way up and honestly we did better than we had expected to do and we were very pleased, but we dont think anything thats particularly different.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: So if we look past the previous quarters, run-rate trend on shrinking NII in this environment is more normal instead of a big pop that you had in the quarter?
William Berkley: I dont know if Id say shrinking, but I would think that it would be more or like flat to slightly up. I think this quarter probably ended up being disproportionately more cash invested. The cash has increased again, so the return probably will move back sort of in between where we were and where we are. So its not -- I dont think you should think well get a much higher yield than weve averaged. It might be slightly higher, but this was, I think, because of how we invested our cash, I think it was slightly better.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And do you have a breakdown for prior development by operating segment?
William Berkley: As you know, we do not give it on this call. It will be available afterwards.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: First question is on the investment side, thank you for the disclosure about the substantial gain thats not on the books. I just wonder if you can quantify if you were to mark-to-market all your holdings which are currently not on the book, do you have estimates of how much would that be as a percentage of current shareholders equity?
William Berkley: I said it would certainly be more than $5 a share.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: $5 a share, thank you so much. And also just trying to understand a little bit about that investment process basically for the non-traditional investments, so could you give a little more sort of color like whats the approach there and how [indiscernible]. The question is really to say whats the consistency of the return going forward?
William Berkley: Consistency in the short run, there is not. Consistently when we continue to be opportunistic, searching for what we believe are good risk-adjusted returns where we arent required to have liquidity. So we bought an office building in West Palm Beach, Florida, because someone needed to close and needed to be a cash closing in a very short period of time and it was the very best office building and to get approval to do that again at this point in time would take years. That would be an example.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: So this deal just come to you or you have a regular sort of process and like a basically investment process and that is or sort of as sort of opportunity arise?
William Berkley: Both, we have a regular process as far as private equity things where we have our own private equity team where things come in. We have our own real estate team that looks at these and some things such as the real estate transaction in West Palm Beach, they come to us because someone here knows someone. Were sort of just out there looking.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: The second question is on the reinsurance side. Given all the alternative capital, as well as of now that there are some curious talk, primary company talking about create internal reinsurers that potentially pull the demand from the open market. I just wonder sort of your thoughts on both as a buyer and seller of reinsurance in this changing marketplace?
Rob Berkley: I think, stating the obvious, its a better moment to be a buyer than a seller. I think as far as long-term goes, its still a bit unclear as to the permanence of this alternative capital. It hasnt fundamentally been tested from a loss perspective where a lot of the decisions and judgments, which are based on models, proved to be wrong as a result of some type of unforeseen or unfortunate events. I think in addition to that, while parts of the casualty reinsurance market have become a bit more competitive, much of the alternative capital has not necessarily found a way to effectively penetrate that market. To make a long story short, our expectation is that the reinsurance market particularly the traditional one is not going to go away overnight. This is a challenging moment and there remain opportunities to participate in the reinsurance market that are reasonably attractive but there is no doubt it is a competitive time.
William Berkley: I think that this is an ever-so alluring business, appearing so predictable but proving to be particularly unpredictable when the unforeseen event arises. Many companies, after Katrina and several others, would have proved to be insolvent, if, in fact, anyone had said, okay, you have to pay your claims now and they went out and rushed to raise capital very quickly on financial statements that, at best, were questionable. I think when Rob said theyve been untested, its a very quick period of time when these companies could be tested that capital accounts could be gone and not only will they be tested, but the people who purchased reinsurance from some of them will be tested. The moral commitment of participants in this business is a really important factor. Many of the people who are now playing in that industrial game dont have substantial moral commitment to our industry.
Kai Pan - Morgan Stanley: Lastly on capital management and it seems like you have a very strong earnings year-to-date and buyback slowing down a little bit. So just wondered your thoughts on buybacks going forward or any thoughts on the special dividend?
Gene Ballard: One of the things we face is the opportunity to buy back stock when were blacked out because of our lawyers say were taking a risk. When theres opportunities were trying to constantly measure our capital, our alternatives of regular dividends, special dividends and buying back stock. But, as you and everyone knows, when we talk about, myself and other senior management of the company, everyone is concerned about capital usage and well be very conscious of all those things and we are examining all those options.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquity of Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore: Several small questions. First, thanks for the $5 number of unrealized gains. So is that an after tax number?
William Berkley: It was an estimated number to give people a magnitude picture of what it could be. Im really trying to give people an idea. I would tell you that it probably is but its an estimate. And as I said, it shouldnt be modeled in and it cant be modeled in. Its a number to give people a sense of whats out there.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore: No. Thats fair enough, but I think thats really helpful. Second question was pricing versus loss trend, and I believe Rob said that you have some ways to go on the international side where you can actually reduce the combined ratio. So given that pricing and loss trends are now roughly flattish and maybe going the other way but that may be offset by some margin improvement in the international. Do you still think that you can keep margins flat or do you think that the combined ratio is going to pick up next year?
Rob Berkley: I think obviously we are in the throes of our planning process, but when we look at the front windshield, our expectation is that for 2015, we should be able to certainly keep up with trend, if not, exceed it in general. In addition to that, we think that there will be some further benefit coming through in the expense ratio, particularly on the international front. So, all things being equal, I think the reported numbers, barring unforeseen events, should probably hang in there or improve next year and on a policy year basis, I think there is certainly room for us to do as well, if not, better.
William Berkley: I am more optimistic. I think that, in fact, were going to -- as premiums get earned, we will see continued improvement from the past 12 months rate increases.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore: Okay. Thats helpful. And just wondered to have a clarification on the yield on the fixed income, I thought that the dollars of fixed income for earnings this quarter was about $120 million, that was about $107 million, $108 million in prior quarters, there seems to be a jump this quarter. So what are the one-time items in there?
William Berkley: There are various things, but you got to remember our cash flow almost $400 million also. So there was a big amount of cash flow also that accounted for part of it, but the fact is that I think that there were a whole -- every quarter there are various changes, things that happen in -- we have 52 operating units, we have lots of bundles of securities. The general view I would have is our core portfolio will have a slightly better trend than it had in the prior quarters, but you shouldnt think well do a lot better than we did before.
Gene Ballard: I can just give another reference to that. Our yield on the fixed income portfolio for all of last year was 3.6 and its 3.6 in the third quarter this year. It was slightly lower in the first two quarters, but its back around where its been for the last four quarters.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore: So I just want to be sure that there was nothing sort of untoward this quarter and this quarter, is it maybe the base for the run rate for the future?
William Berkley: I think this quarter had a couple of quirks to make it slightly better, but not an overwhelming number.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore: Okay. And the last thing, if I may, the pace of reserve releases has slowed a little bit this quarter, just curious as to whats happening there. Thanks.
William Berkley: The answer is over time as pricing of reserve releases get more modest, they should get more modest, and the fact is as you saw weve already had three or four companies adverse reserve releases. So were pretty pleased our reserve position is very comfortable, and I think that everyone has been spoiled by a few of our very large competitors with huge reserve releases. Its never been an issue with us.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brett Horn of Morningstar. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brett Horn - Morningstar: I wanted to ask a follow-up question on the previous question on the expense ratio on the domestic lines. I appreciate your comment that it could potentially tick up here in the very near term, but it sounds like youre positive about the longer-term direction. Obviously, youve got more active in those lines and presumably are scaling your costs there. I guess my question is to see a positive longer-term trend, do you need to see the pricing picture get even better or is it - would just the status quo situation allow you to continue to leverage that cost?
William Berkley: Im pausing because Im trying to figure out how to answer the question without getting myself in a corner splitting hairs. So I think the answer to the question is, for the domestic insurance business, we think, give or take a certain number of basis points, we can do a little bit better over time as our earned premium continues to grow, reflecting the written growth that we talked about earlier. I think that is not necessarily perfectly smooth or perfectly predictable and it can ebb and flow by quarter. What I can tell you is that all of my colleagues, both domestically as well as outside of the United States, are focused on our expense ratio overall as a group and are determined to make sure that we are spending what we need to spend and not spending more than we need to spend. So will the 31.1% come down x number of basis points? Yes, I think its possible that it could get a little bit better from here over time. A lot of thats going to be driven quite frankly by mix of business as well and to a certain extent the type of reinsurance were buying, but I think the areas of lower-hanging fruit are probably in the international segment over the next six to 12 months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America:  A couple of questions. I guess, first on the reinsurance inside, one thing we do notice is that you retained a bulk of your reinsurance premiums, your net to gross really hasnt changed. In fact, its going up a little bit. Given the softness in the reinsurance industry, have you explored and could there be an opportunity to buy some retro from people that want to sell it too cheaply potentially?
William Berkley: Jay, I think probably the best way for us to answer that is we are cognizant of the market, we are cognizant of the various types of pools of capital that are out there that seem to have an unquenchable thirst to participate in this marketplace and we have in the past and continue to explore and consider whether there are alternatives to using our shareholders capital that would make more sense.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America:  Got it.
William Berkley: How was that for a non-answer answer?
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Its a reasonable non-answer though, so its okay. The other question was on Health Equity, you obviously gave us the numbers as far as market value in excess of cost. When we think about the contribution --.
William Berkley: Thats in excess of our book cost. We have a real cost of zero at this point.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Got it. So carrying value lets say. When we think about the economic value, forgetting accounting, is that something we should tax adjust anyway or is that an after-tax number?
William Berkley: No. Thats a pretax number. Weve elected not to sell any of the stock because we think its an outstanding company, but I think that we have not tax adjusted it.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: But eventually when you do so, obviously there would be a tax bill.
William Berkley: Yes, the answer is yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Larry Greenberg of Janney Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital: Just one quick one related to Health Equity. So they declared a dividend, I think the day before the IPO and you guys got $17.5 million, is that included in the gain that you reported or is that something that you might report on a lag basis?
Gene Ballard: Thats taken into account.
William Berkley: That reduced our cost basis and then the increase in book value took it up. So its my frustration with the accounting treatment. I finally gotten old enough that I can tell the accountants they are wrong, but I wont convince them they are wrong. It all appears in the game.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Amit Kumar of Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Just one quick follow-up on the investment funds. I guess the other question we were getting was the discussion on the merger arb piece of you investment portfolio, there has been a lot of chatter in the news regarding the unwinding of some deals and apart from the tax discussion, do you get a sense that you will see some impact from all that is going on in the merger arb space in your Q4 numbers or is that somewhat unaffected?
William Berkley: So youre asking me to tell you what already has happened, right?
Larry Greenberg - Janney Capital: Yes. 
William Berkley:  And the answer is no. We do not get particularly adversely impacted. So that goes under the forecasting what already happened exception under our safe harbor.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman of Balyasny. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny: Bill, I was hoping or Rob, I was hoping one of you could expand a little bit more just about the market competition and how it might affect your future growth plans, and I guess Im thinking specifically. You mentioned international, so maybe you could expand upon what youre seeing there in London and so forth. But also are we seeing competitors that maybe six months or a year ago would have been focused more on improving their own books, trying to be more aggressive for new business or are we seeing more E&S business return to standard markets, things like that?
Rob Berkley: I think it would be fair to characterize - maybe to bifurcate between domestic and then we can talk about I mean markets outside of the United States that we participate in that you wish to. But on the domestic front, I think it is fair to say the market is a bit more competitive now than it was 12, 18, 24 months ago. Having said that, we do believe that were still able to achieve rate thats a bit above what we believe loss cost trend to be. Having said that, its an interesting moment because the level of competition seems to ebb and flow by the month. So, for example, we found July to be particularly competitive, August was a bit competitive, September was a little bit less competitive and actually October was very encouraging for many of our companies in the group, and again this domestically. So its up and down. Clearly some of it is driven by competitors perhaps trying to make their budgets at certain times of the year, but I think we are pretty comfortable that, by and large, the market conditions that we have seen in the third quarter will certainly continue into the first half of 15, if not, beyond. As it relates to the U.K. market, I think you had referenced also, its an exceptionally competitive place. You got a lot of very skilled people managing a lot of capital within a couple of blocks of one another and as a result of that you get a very competitive marketplace. In addition to that, much of the business they write is cat prone and short-tail. So when things dont go the wrong way, people end up feeling pretty good about themselves and sometimes that euphoria from the shorter-tail lines of business can appropriately or inappropriately spill over into the longer-tail lines of business, and as a result of that, you get a very competitive market. Thats been the case for some period of time and it is our expectation at some point youre going to have to see that change particularly for some of the casualty lines.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny: Got it. So international obviously is more difficult. In the U.S., it doesnt sound like its - like I assume it always does on some accounts, but as an overall theme its not impacting your ability to grow in the areas you want to grow in, then?
Rob Berkley: We are comfortable with the U.S. insurance market. We think, again, a bit more challenged than it was 12, 24 months ago, but we still think it is a good opportunity as opposed to the reinsurance market, which is facing more of a headwind on a global basis and the international insurance market, obviously it varies by territory, but as we suggested, U.K./parts of Europe are also facing a bit of a headwind.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question is a follow up from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Sorry to belabor things on this cash in the quarter, trying to understand a little better. If you receive a lot of cash in the quarter and reinvestment at the current market, doesnt that depress the overall yield of the portfolio? I guess I need just a little education on how that works?
William Berkley: Im sure you can talk to Gene after the call.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Then, next question. So I was trying to answer for myself and I noticed over time theres been a concerted effort to decline the percent of the portfolio invested in the municipal bonds, which means the bonds of course have a lower yield than the traditional fixed income corporate. Is that going on and why, if maybe we think that tax rates are at risk to rise or maybe theyre not at risk to rise, why is the strategy of the company trying to own less munis over time?
William Berkley: In the area that we invest, the relative yield municipals are not as attractive and the reason our tax rate is going up is because were having substantial realized gains which are fully taxable. So the investment income is a smaller percentage of our overall income, but if you look at the relative yields on an after-tax basis, municipals are particularly rich in the five years or under.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: Looking at the international segment and if I build in a little bit of adversative element, low-single digit numbers, millions of dollars, it looks like the accident year loss ratio in that segment, ex-cat, jumped up quite a bit from a year ago and even quite a bit from the first half. Im wondering are there any other non-cat large losses in that segment and/or what drove the presumed increase?
Gene Ballard:  There is no, nothing else in there, but we did raise our loss pick as we saw some of that unfavorable development come through, so we raised our loss pick and there was a bit of catch up because we came through in the quarter and the expense ratio is slightly higher as well.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: I was just focused on the loss ratio. So on that loss ratio, then, Gene, for a reasonable run rate number should I look at maybe the first nine months of the year as kind of what you suspect that business is producing?
Gene Ballard: I think that would be pretty accurate.
Operator: Thank you. And Im showing no further questions. Id like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
William Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you all very much. We were really quite pleased with the quarter and quite optimistic with the balance of the year. I wish you all a very happy Halloween.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your attendance in todays conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William Robert Berkley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee William Robert Berkley - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Eugene G. Ballard - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our result. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Robert Berkley: Thank you. Good morning. We were really pleased with our quarter. We think it continues to demonstrate our capacity to generate returns in excess of 15%, and we expect that'll continue through the year. Rob Berkley is now going to talk about operating results and then we'll go over to Gene, who will talk about financial results, and then I'll come back and give you a general overview. So Rob?
William Robert Berkley: Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Market conditions during the second quarter remained somewhat of a mixed bag, not dissimilar to what we've seen over the past few quarters. The level of competition continued to vary greatly by territory, product line, even down to classes within product lines. The domestic insurance market -- in the domestic insurance market, the casualty lines continued to be amongst the most promising. Workers' compensation, in particular, continues to be a bright point. Having said that, we would caution people not to paint with too broad of a brush. This can very much vary based on region. Property margins in general is somewhat flattish. Having said that, cat-exposed property remains under growing pressure. Our speculation is this may be a result of the increasing amount of property cat capacity that is available in the reinsurance market and where the pricing for that reinsurance capacity has gone over the past 12, 18, 24 months. Professional lines continued to vary greatly. In particular, the excess public D&O and professional liability for large law firms is under a good deal of pressure. Having said that, by and large, the professional market is somewhat flattish, also not dissimilar from the property market, but there are a few product lines where there are opportunities to grow the business. Consistent with our comments in the past, commercial auto remains an area of concern from our perspective in the domestic insurance market. We believe this continues to be an area that is poised for a hardening. On the international insurance front, again it varies greatly by territory. Having said this, the U.K. and Europe overall remain exceptionally competitive. Additionally, the Canadian insurance market as well as the Brazilian market remain flavors of the day. The global reinsurance market is the part of the industry that gives us the greatest reasons to pause. There continues to be a lack of balance between supply and demand. Many participants appear to have an unquenchable thirst for premium, which seems to be addressed through the eroding underwriting discipline. In regards to the company, net written premium for the quarter was approximately $1.49 billion. This is an increase of 11% when compared with the corresponding period last year. This result was led by our domestic insurance segment, which grew at a rate of approximately 16%. 4 of the 16 points of growth was associated with rate with the balance coming from exposure. On the other hand, our global reinsurance segment's net written premium was down 17%. This was primarily a result of market conditions and our colleagues exercising the appropriate level of discipline. We applaud this behavior. The loss ratio for the quarter was at 61.2%. This includes $40 million of cat-related losses. While this level of cat activity is modestly above what we had expected, generally speaking this type of cat activity is not unusual for us in the second quarter due to severe consecutive storms. The expense ratio continued to move in the right direction, coming in at 33.2%. This represents an improvement of more than 0.5 point when compared to the second quarter of '13. This progress is a result of many people's efforts, in particular our colleagues in the reinsurance segment. We expect this overall trend to continue, though on occasion we may need to take 1 step back in order to take 2 forward. When you put all the pieces together, the company achieved a combined of a 94.4%, which is more than 2 points of improvement when compared to the same period last year. While others are going to be going into some level of detail with regards to their balance sheet, I'd offer the comment that we remain very comfortable with our aggregate loss reserves. This is demonstrated not only by the $24 million of net positive development we had in the quarter but also the fact that this is the 30th quarter in a row of net positive reserve development. While it continues to be evident that this is not a classic insurance cycle, we remain quite encouraged by the number of opportunities that we see before us to achieve attractive return. We remain focused on trying to find the appropriate balance or the optimal balance we like between rate increase and exposure growth. As we examine our policy year numbers, our confidence continues to grow in our ability to improve our results on a reported basis from here.
William Robert Berkley: Thanks, Rob. Gene, you want to go through the numbers, please?
Eugene G. Ballard: Okay, thank you. As you can see, we did have a very strong quarter with a 55% increase in net income to $180 million and a 65% increase in net income per share to $1.35. I'll start with just a few more details on underwriting. As Rob said, we -- our premiums grew 11% to $1.5 billion. The increase was led by the domestic segment, which was 16% with workers' comp up 26% and other liability up 15%. International premium has increased 10% in terms of U.S. dollars and by 20% in regional currencies. And if you look at the growth in terms of regional currencies, it was primarily from business in Australia and Latin America. Reinsurance premium's decline of 17% was due to a decline in treaty business in both the U.S. and the Asia Pacific region. Our overall underwriting profits increased 82% to $80 million. Our reported loss ratio declined 1.6 points to 61.2%, and our accident year loss ratio before cat declined 1.5 points to 6.0%. The accident year improvement was led by the domestic segment, which improved 3 points as earned price increases continued to outpace loss cost trends. Cat loss is at $40 million or 2.8 points when compared with $34 million 1 year ago. This year, we had cat losses from 12 named events in the quarter, the largest of which was a $9 million, 15-storm event in late April. Favorable reserve development was $24 million and resulted from reserve releases from the domestic segment that were partially offset by a modest increase in reserves for the international business. The overall expense ratio of improvement was 6/10 to 32.2%. It reflects a decline in both our net commission ratio and our internal expense ratio and was led by our reinsurance business, which improved by 3.5 points. It gives us an overall combined of 94.4%, an improvement of 2 points from 1 year ago. Investment income was down 3% to $139 million as a result of a decline in the annualized yield in our fixed-income portfolio to 3.7% from 4.0% 1 year ago. This reflects a reduction in our average duration from 3.1 years at June 30 down to 3.3 years at March 31. Our earnings from investment funds and the arbitrage trading account were in line with the prior year quarter. Realized gains were $109 million, up from $33 million 1 year ago. The gains in 2014 included a gain of $85 million from the sale of an office building in London. Our realized gains for the first 6 months were $162 million and for the last 3.5 years were $619 million, which is an average gain of $177 million per year. Pretax unrealized gains also increased by $189 million from the beginning of the year to $586 million at June 30. The average credit rating of our portfolio remained unchanged at AA-. Corporate and other expenses were in line with the prior year except for the foreign currency movements. We reported a modest loss of $2 million in the quarter for foreign currency movements, which is in line with our average gain or loss for a given quarter, any given quarter, but much less than last year's second quarter, which had a gain of $7 million. Our effective income tax rate was 31.6% in the quarter compared with 27.5% 1 year ago. The tax rate was higher in 2014 because a greater portion of our pretax earnings were attributable to income with tax at 35%. That includes realized gains as well as underwriting income. The 2014 tax rate on operating income, that is before realized gains, was 29.2%. That gives us a net income of $180 million, an annualized return on equity of 16.6% for the quarter, and our book value per share is up 10.5% from the beginning of the year to $36.20 at June 30, 2014.
William Robert Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So we were quite pleased with the quarter. We continue to try and find investment opportunities that will give us gains or income to maintain the decline in interest rates or to offset rather the decline in interest rates. It's the nature of our business, being primarily casualty, requires investment returns to achieve our 15% goal, which means given interest rates and given our desire not to extend the duration, which we think adds substantially to our balance sheet risk and the risk to our owners, and given our desire not to change the quality of our portfolio materially, we conclude the only alternative is to go for gains that, while not as easy to model, offers some fairly predictable over an extended period of time gains. And as I continue to say, this was a particularly good quarter. What we're hoping for is to earn $25 million or more a quarter. And we'll be able to deliver on that from our ordinary portfolio, and we would expect that we'll be able to continue that going forward. And that's still our objective. The building we bought, we bought with the expectation of selling it and not to hold it for a long time. We just saw good opportunities to sell. We have other real estate that we'll own for a very long time and other real estate that we own with the goal of selling it. We continue to work hard to find alternative investments, and we believe we'll be able to continue achieving the goals that we've set forth. The basic business is more competitive than we would have expected. But as Rob mentioned, price increases still exceed loss cost trends. That's a good thing. It makes us want to grow and expand where we can. That doesn't mean we're going to grow and expand to every place. It means there are plenty of opportunities. You have to find them and you have the find ways to take advantage of them. So we think it'll be an excellent year. We think we'll achieve our 15% after-tax goal, and we're quite enthusiastic over the balance of this year and we don't see anything that's going to change dramatically next year. With that, Andrew, we're happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Just a few questions. The first question relates to the discussion on domestic insurance, on pricing exceeding the loss cost. Could you sort of help us understand how you expect the pricing versus loss cost delta to play out for the remainder of 2014? And at what point does it inflect?
William Robert Berkley: This is Rob. Our view right now is we're probably getting, give or take, around 200 basis points over loss cost as being additive to margins, if you will. I think trying to speculate exactly how it will unfold over the balance of the year, we'll have to see. Having said that, our hope and, it's beyond hope actually, expectation based on what we're seeing so far is -- give or take, where we see things now is not a bad indicator for where we see things over the next call it 6 months.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. I guess the only other question I have is going back on the discussion on comp. And I know we discussed this Q1, 2. How should we think about, I guess, the new business component versus the renewal business component in this unit? I guess I'm trying to say real loud the impact of pricing versus areas where others might be withdrawing due to issues.
William Robert Berkley: So your question is the growth that we're having, how much of it is driven by rate versus exposure? I'm not sure if I...
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Yes, yes. That's correct. And comp specifically.
William Robert Berkley: Yes, honestly, it really varies by territory. There are certain areas of the market where we're very happy with the returns that we believe that we are achieving and we are willing to accept rate increases that are very modest. And actually, in some cases, we may be willing to accept rate that is flat but expiring because we're encouraged again by what the return opportunities are. Having said that, there are other parts of the country where, from our perspective, you need a meaningful amount of additional rate to achieve those returns. When you look at our overall growth in comp, I think it would be fair to assume that it is some combination, but it is going to -- as far as exposure versus rate, but it is going to vary by territory.
William Robert Berkley: I mean, one thing you might take note of that surprised everyone, and that is, medical costs last year went down for Medicaid which was a real surprise to everyone. So when we talk about loss cost and trends and looking ahead, I think there's so many new variables with changes. It's a tough thing to predict for anyone out far ahead.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith from Evercore.
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: This is actually Max Zormelo on Vinay's line. My first question is on share buybacks. There's quite a pullback this quarter, and I'm wondering if that's function of the growth opportunities you are seeing in the market or if it's -- that's your stock price? Can you give us some color on that, please?
William Robert Berkley: As we've always told people, we're opportunistic buyers of stock. I mean, it takes several things. Number one, it takes price we're willing to pay; and number two, it takes availability of shares because the nature of our rules, we can't just drive the stock up, we have to buy in certain environments. So when the stock starts to move up and we're not in the marketplace, we can't see. We can't drive the stock up. So we have to have availability on downtick. We can't buy in all kinds of issues when we're in a blackout period. So after the end of the quarter when actually there were some times we would have liked to buy, we couldn't buy it because we were blacked out. So no, we haven't changed our view. We still would have to have an appetite to buy a stock back. And no, it's -- it looks more trendy than it is. It's just the way the opportunities fall out given our judgments and what the market does at any moment in time.
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Second, I have a couple of numbers ones. The tax rate, as you mentioned in your prepared remarks, was higher. I'm just wondering, what drove that? And also going forward, what should be the expected tax rate for the rest of the year?
William Robert Berkley: It's too high, I can tell you that. Well, but Gene...
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, so what drove it is we -- a greater proportion of our taxable income in the quarter was more stuff that's taxed at 35%. So the realized gains, perhaps very large in the quarter, that's all 35%. And the underwriting is growing faster -- the earnings from underwriting is growing faster than the earnings from investment income. That's taxed at 35%. So you'll see that trend when that happens.
William Robert Berkley: One of the problems is if you take the position of somebody who is trying to model this is, if you don't count the capital gains as income, which is 35%, that raises the tax rate because it's so significant overall probably by at least 2 points, maybe 3, because that's at a full 35%, whereas the non-capital gains probably is more like 28%. Do you understand what I mean?
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I understand. And I did take that into consideration, but I think it still comes out closer to 30%, right? Is it something...
William Robert Berkley: No, I think it's around 28.5%.
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. And then one more, if I may. But despite pressures..
William Robert Berkley: By the way, that's too high anyway, so.
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The 28% is still too high, right?
William Robert Berkley: 28% -- I think it's 28.5%. And yes, it's too high. It's terrible.
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: But would you expect the full year to come at around the same rate?
William Robert Berkley: I would expect on ordinary income, the full year will be around the same, maybe slightly lower but not much.
Max Zormelo - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last one, the expense ratio in the reinsurance segment declined quite meaningfully this quarter. I'm wondering if there were some onetime items in there.
William Robert Berkley: No, I think that -- well, there may be a little bit of that, by and large, it's a reasonable run rate to assume going forward. Having said that, obviously if we try to expand the business or develop it in other territories, there could be some expense associated with that. So long story short, if the business continues with the platform that it has today, then I think what you saw is a reasonable run rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just have one question on reinsurance and kind of the market conditions there. Are you looking to sort of take advantage of better terms and conditions in your reinsurance buying? It looks like the seeding percentage didn't go up. But I'm just trying to understand how we should think about that lever for you guys going forward.
William Robert Berkley: Yes, Mike, this is Rob. As it relates to -- from the perspective of us being a buyer of reinsurance or a seeding business, we're certainly aware of the market conditions and what the market will bear, and there's always the tug-of-war between is it a -- is it that attractive and that compelling the type of seeding commission you can get, that is overwhelms what you believe is the underlying profitability of the business? And would you rather retain it? And we buy more than 100 different programs, and we go through them one by one and try to examine, are very better off buying or are we better off retaining? Additionally, as we've talked about, I believe it was last quarter, we are examining in general whether we should be buying the same amount the same way going forward.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then -- yes?
William Robert Berkley: I think we could add a little bit to that, Michael, and say that clearly, we understand what's going on in the marketplace. And where our opportunities are appropriate, we'll take advantage of it. But our own business is getting better, so you need -- you have to look at the changes in your own business vis--vis the changes in terms and conditions.
Eugene G. Ballard: I'll just add one quick point to that. The gross premiums for the quarter are up 10%, and the seeding premiums for the -- written premiums for the quarter are up 2%.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right, got it. Okay, that makes sense. And then I remember there was a time we talked about startups and kind of the amount of premium growth coming from sort of the legacy businesses and the sort of startups. And I know we haven't really talked about those for a bit, but just trying to get an idea of the sort of geography of the written premium growth is. How much of that is coming from the more established platforms versus maybe some of these newer platforms that have scaled or recently scaled or are still scaling?
William Robert Berkley: At this stage, Mike, as you have referenced a moment ago, in the past, a lot of the growth was coming from the younger operations. While they've remained meaningful contributors to the overall growth, more recently, as market conditions have continued to improve, we have seen a greater contribution from the more mature businesses. So depending on how you define startups or younger businesses versus more mature businesses and where one wants to draw that line, we could try and break out percentages for you. But having said that, I think at this stage, once -- it would be safe to assume that there's a notable contribution coming from both mature businesses as well as some of the younger ones.
Michael Steven Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just last one, if I can. On the workers' comp book, has the growth been balanced between excess and primary? Or has it been more one or the other? And I'm just trying to sort of balance the growth that we've seen there, which would seem to be exposure growth, I think, in reference to a prior question as well. How do we balance the sort of competitiveness that you're seeing with the continued opportunity that you found for growth there?
William Robert Berkley: Yes, the first part of the question, the lion's share of the growth is coming as a result of the primary comp, not the excess comp. And then as far as what's driving the growth, it really varies by territory. There are some territories where in order for us to be willing to write the business, we are looking for meaningful rate. There are other territories where, quite frankly, we are very happy with the available margin and it is the growth that's being driven by exposure. So it really can vary state to state. And then actually, in some -- particularly in some of the larger states, it can vary by region within that state.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen from Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. I'm not sure I quite got this on the prepared comments, but I believe you said that the underlying loss ratio for the domestic business improved by about 3 points from the year earlier. Is that accurate?
William Robert Berkley: Yes.
William Robert Berkley: Right.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, Gene, then the follow-up is or the question is, it looked overall for the company, the loss ratio got better by about 1.5 points, which would suggest, obviously, there's pressure elsewhere. We don't see the actual number yet because we don't have the breakdown of the development. But where is that -- where is the pressure coming from that's offsetting the improvement in the U.S?
Eugene G. Ballard: Right. It was -- there's some increase quarter-over-quarter in the international. As to your loss ratio, although it's still very good, below 60%, but it's a little bit higher than it was a quarter ago. And reinsurance has not changed too much. But...
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: What's going on internationally? Is that just kind of one-off events? Or is there real underlying pressure on the margins? Should we expect that to continue internationally?
Eugene G. Ballard: Well, as I said, I think it's -- in terms of the loss ratio, it's still pretty good. And it's just slightly higher than it was a quarter ago. So it's not a -- not something that's going to be a problem going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: My question revolves around the alternative investment portfolio. Historically, it's been fairly correlated with the prior quarter's market returns, and -- which were flat and did -- had a very nice quarter in 2Q '14. I'm wondering if the composition has changed at all.
William Robert Berkley: No, not really. Not really. I think that several -- one of our big alternative investment portfolios achieved their hurdle rates, so they got their carries dropped in, which for the -- for a quarter or 2 will reduce our returns as they get their hurdle rates caught up. But nothing really. It's just -- it's going along and it's doing pretty well. And I think that for the year, it'll be in line with our expectations, but that's the only thing that's changed in the alternative investment portfolio.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So just -- I'm not so familiar, I think. So this quarter, it had a little extra, which might come out a little bit in the next couple of quarters?
William Robert Berkley: I'm sorry?
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Because if they received their carry, you were saying it was a little bit higher here. It might be...
William Robert Berkley: No. What I meant is we -- that the alternative investments didn't do quite as well as they might have because we had -- we accrued the carried interest over the next 2 quarters for 1 of our big alternative investments. So the quarter we just reported and the next quarter, we'll be impacted as we -- as a significant portion of our investment returns will go towards their carried interest. But that's the only change in our alternative investments. In fact, the alternative investment had an excellent quarter in the second, and we would expect the same in the third.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I'm seeing no other questioners at the queue at this time.
William Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you very much. Have a great day. We're quite happy about where things are going, and we see a great balance of the year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer W. Robert Berkley - President and Chief Operating Officer Eugene Ballard - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Amit Kumar - Macquarie Ronnie Bobman - Capital Returns Vinay Misquith - Evercore Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets Bob Farnam - KBW Jay Cohen - Bank of America Patty Penn - Morgan Stanley Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation's first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations are contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. W. R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Good morning. We were very pleased with our results and I'll talk more about it. I think that as we move through the next period of time, I think we'll be able to demonstrate many of the things that we think differentiate our company from many of our competitors. So we'll start with Rob, talking about our operations.
W. Robert Berkley: Thank you. Good morning. Trends in the commercialized property and casualty insurance market and reinsurance market remain reasonably consistent with what we've seen over the past few quarters. The two markets, while they are intertwined with one and another, continue to march to the beat of a very different drum. The domestic insurance market, while modestly more competitive than in the recent past, still offers opportunities to raise rates beyond loss cost trends and consequently providing us the opportunity to expand margins. In particular, casualty and workers compensation remain amongst the most attractive. Having said that, this can vary by territory or class. Professional liability, overall is flat. Having said that, again, it can vary by class. Non-cat exposed property is also generally speaking threading water, while cat-exposed property continues to be under mounting pressure. Commercial transportation continues to be the very puzzle to us. We talked about this a few quarters ago, how it is right for change and has been right for change for some period of time. When you look at the triangles for this line of business, it's hard to imagine that things have not changed more or hardened. Having said that, when we look at this line, it appears to have some commonality with what we saw in workers compensation a few years ago. The insurance market outside of the U.S. continues to be reasonably competitive, and generally speaking, has not benefited from the type of rate increases that we've seen in the domestic market. Having said that, there are some early signs in some territories that their market is planning for change. On the other hand, the reinsurance market remains painfully competitive. The combination of an ongoing change and the approach that seating companies are taking combined with the increasing participation from non-traditional capacity coming into the space is putting a tremendous amount of pressure on the market. Traditional market participants are grappling with this new reality and trying to figure out what their model will be going forward. While this intense competition to date has been more focused on the U.S. reinsurance market and the western European reinsurance market as well as global accounts, it would seem as though this new phenomenon within the reinsurance space is spreading to other regions. With regards to the company, net written premium for the quarter was $1.53 billion, an increase of approximately 11% when compared with the corresponding period last year. Of the 11 points of growth, 4.6 were associated with rate increase with the balance coming from exposure. Our domestic insurance segment had a particularly strong quarter growing at 14%, while achieving a rate increase of slightly more than 5%. Our renewal retention ratio for the group remains at approximately 80%, giving us comfort that the quality and the integrity of the book remain intact. The company's loss ratio for the quarter was 60.3%, which includes 1.8 points of positive development and 1 point of cat losses associated with main storm. As Gene has defined for you in the past, we define cat losses based on PCS or main storm. Having said that, if you adjust that to include unusual losses associated with weather or not typical, one could more than double that number. So by example, in the month of January, in one day we had this, at one of our operations, we had the same number of slip and falls that we would typically have in one month. Our international insurance operation overall showed some level of improvement from the fourth quarter. However, it continues to be unacceptable. Quite frankly, the performance of most of the segment was reasonably good. The issue lies with our non-Lloyd's European insurance operations. As I mentioned last quarter, we believed that we have identified the issue and have taken the action, and are in the process of fully addressing what has been root of the challenge or the problem. The paid loss ratio for the group was a 50.7%, which we believe is a very positive indicator for what the future may hold. The expense ratio for the period was 33.6%, which is an improvement of more than 1.5 point when compared with the same period in '13. The expense ratio continues to be a priority for us as an organization and we expect this improvement trend to continue, although it may not be a smooth curve. When we put all the pieces together that company achieved a combined of a 93.9%, and on the accident year basis, a 94.7%. Obviously, those numbers would improve on an accident year basis depending on how you handle the cat number. Our balance sheet in general remains in very good shape and I'll leave the discussion around that to others. However, I would make the comment that the first quarter of '14 represents the 29 quarter in a row of net positive reserve development and more specifically in the quarter we had net positive development of approximately $45 million. When we look at our policy in numbers in combination with the fact that we are still able to get a rate above loss cost trend, we are very encouraged. We continue to focus on making sure that we optimize the balance between pushing for rate versus adding to exposure count.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, Rob. Eugene, you want to take us through the numbers.
Eugene Ballard: Thank you. Well, as Rob said, we had another solid quarter with strong premium growth, continued improvement in our overall combined ratios, both on an accident year and a calendar year basis and significant increase in our operating income and net income compared with last year. Overall, our net premiums were up 10.8% to over $1.5 billion. For the domestic segment, premiums were up 14%, primarily as a result of growth in our two largest lines, other liability, which increased 15% and workers compensation, which was up 16%. For the international segment, the premiums increased 18% in terms of original currency and 10% when converted to U.S. dollars and our reinsurance premium decreased by 6% as a decline in our Asia-Pacific reinsurance more than offset growth in our U.S. and U.K. reinsurance companies. Our underwriting profits increased 28% to $83 million. The accident year loss ratio before cat losses improved by, eight-tenth-of-a-point to 61.1, due primarily to higher prices. In addition, our overall expense ratio improved by, seventh-tenth-of-a-point, due to premium growth as well as the benefit of various initiatives underway to reduce administrative cost. That gives us an accident year combined ratio of 94.7%, down 1.5 points from a year ago. The pre-tax accident year combined ratio for our domestic segment, which represents 74% of our Q1 premiums was 93.7%, and for the international and reinsurance segment it was 97.2% and 97.1%, respectively. Cat losses were $14 million compared with $5 million a year ago. Most of the 2014 cat losses were actually from two winter storms in the first week at January. And as Rob said, we also experienced more than usual losses in the first quarter from freezes and other unnamed weather events that are not included in the cat loss number. Prior-year reserve releases were $25 million this year compared to $23.5 million a year ago. Favorable reserve development of slightly more than $25 million for the domestic segment was partially offset by very modest increases in prior-year reserves for the international and reinsurance segments. Again, Rob mentioned, the paid loss ratio at 50.7%, is actually the lowest it's been since the first quarter of 2008. Our investment income was up 24% to $169 million due to significant increase in income from investment funds, specifically funds that are invested in real estate, energy, aviation and rail car businesses. And the annualized yield on our overall portfolio was 4.5% of eight-tenth-of-a-point from a year ago. Realized gains were $53 million, up $20 million from a year ago, primarily from the sale of commercial real estate and unrealized gains increased over $100 million to $510 million at March 31. At quarter end, our average portfolio duration was 3.4 years, and our average credit rating was unchanged at AA-. You'll see our effective income tax rate increased to 30.5% in the first quarter from 26% a year ago. That's due entirely to significantly higher income from investment funds and investment gains, which are generally taxed at the full 35% tax rate. We repurchased 4.8 million shares of our common stock in the quarter for $193 million. And I look back, since 2006, we've now -- actually since the beginning of 2007, we've now repurchased over 76 million shares of our stock or about 40% of the outstanding stock at the beginning of that period. And over the same time, our shareholders' equity has grown by 30%. So for the quarter, overall, that gives us 45% increase in net income to $170 million, a 51% increase in net income per share to $1.25 at an annualized return on equity of 15.7%.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, Gene. We're very enthusiastic, although many of you might say, I'm always enthusiastic, which would be absolutely correct, but who would want a company run by pessimist. The fact is we have had over seven years of positive development, which I might point out as twice the average duration of our loss reserves. It would be hard, in spite of, at least one person pointing out that they think we're short of reserves to continue that process, if that was the case, but there are people who write fairly tails as well as historical facts. We're enthusiastic because the paid loss ratio over time has come down, which reflects reality. We did have a period of time back over 10 years ago, where we were concerned about our reserves and we changed everything we did about our reserving process and practices. So now we have a tendency to be more conservative, which in fact over the long run is probably an additional problem, because we end up being more conservative than we'd like to be. Overall, our insurance operating business is good to very good. We continue to get rate increases. When you have 52 operating units, you always have a problem some place. But overall, we see continued improvement in our underwriting results and a continued decline in our expense ratio. So we're very optimistic for our operating results for the year. As to the investment front, for now, several years I have been suggesting we would have improved gains. Improved gains in our portfolio are not a reflection of, Gene, weren't we lucky, something happened. It was a reflection of our dissatisfaction with fixed income returns and our efforts to find other alternatives. We do not invest in hedge funds. We have one modest investment and what would be considered as hedge funds, less than $100 million in our $16 billion portfolio. All the other investment funds are asset-based funds, lending or some other type of asset-related income. We sold a building. We made a gain. We sold some other things. Airplanes, which were in a fund and had depreciation, thus a large portfolio of airplanes, which gave us no income, suddenly gave us income, as the planes were sold. It wasn't a sudden change. Accounting rule said you have to depreciate the airplanes and when you sell them, you recapture the depreciation plus you get an equivalent return. So we continue to do those things, and while we believe this quarter in some ways was better than we might have expected, it is in line with our expectation. We continue to believe we can achieve our 15% return. We're optimistic about all aspects of our operations and we continue to believe our investment portfolio will generate increased gains as we go through this year and next year. It is going to be a bit more lumpy than portfolio yields from bonds. On the other hand, we think that people who have tried to get yields by extending the maturity are taking risks that we think are hidden today, but are real, because our view is inflation is out there. We don't know whether it's around the corner or a mile away, but it inevitably is there. So overall, very positive about the year, don't see anything on the horizon at the moment that's good, hinder us from having an outstanding year. We continue to be able to grow, take market share because of service and focused expertise, and people want that. People are much more conscious of the value we deliver through both claims and underwriting expertise. So with that, Nicole, I'm happy to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I think as though and kind of looking out from here, where do you see the environment shaking out for the rest of '14 and into '15 in terms of rate versus loss trends in your domestic book?
William R. Berkley: Well, let Rob talk and I'll add. Go ahead, Rob.
W. Robert Berkley: I think our expectation is that we should be able to continue to certainly keep up with an all likelihood exceed loss trends for the balance of the year. The only reason of caveat I would throw out there is, there are parts of our book and we mentioned this on the fourth quarter call, I probably should have been more specific about it today, where we feel on a policy or basis, we are making high-teens or into the 20% returns. And as a result of that, we aren't going to just keep our foot down on the rate pedal as hard as we possibly can, because we will becoming more focused on adding two policy account and increasing share. So I think that the market conditions are not going to become terribly more competitive through the balance of the year, and there are some folks that have theories that would suggest that it will become less competitive between now and the balance of the year, depending on certain things that could unfold. But as far as our numbers, I think you will see us to be able to keep up our outpace loss cost, and to the extent that you see us really just keeping up or below loss cost because we are so pleased with the policy returns we're able to achieve.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And will you talk about those high-teens ROEs? I mean is that mostly on the comp side or are there other long-tailed areas, where you're seeing those sort of returns?
W. Robert Berkley: I think the answer is that as we suggested earlier, we think the casualty space and in general and perhaps parts of the workers compensation market are particularly attractive. At the same time, I would caution one not to use too broad of brush, because it can vary by territory, it can vary by class.
William R. Berkley: One other thing that's particularly interesting is people see classes of business that look attractive, and then they find ways to enter, and then they tend to enter the least attractive places for the business, because that's where you can get in. So it may be a line of professional liability there. Professional liability looks great. And where can we get in, and they find where they can get in the easiest, is exactly that part of the business that's not attractive. The same is true of particular states for workers compensation and particular areas in the country for other lines of business. So one of the things, and finally to answer your question is the differential between good places and good niches and bad has never been greater.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And I guess maybe, Bill, you mentioned your sort of 15% ROE goal?
William R. Berkley: Not 50%, 15%.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So if we look at the first quarter we normalize investments, it looks like you're closer to that sort of 10% range. How do you get there? I mean is it, given the environment you see?
William R. Berkley: I don't think 10% is normalized. I think you can't take -- what I've said to people is, we'll have $25 million-plus of gains. And our partnerships are going to do better than they had. So for instance, we had a railcar leasing business that had an especially good quarter because of market-to-market the value of the railcars, as we got into that business early. But there are a lot of -- it's not going to go back to the same level we were at in prior quarters. I think all of that is going to be better and we're going to continue to have gains. And I would consider the base level of those gains sort of $25 million. So I would say with no improvement in expenses or underwriting, we're probably today at 13.5%. And I think we will have improvements in underwriting and expenses. And I think between now and the end of the year, we'll have at least one or two more significant realized gains. So I'm pretty comfortable about that. And I think the answer to that also is we brought back a lot of stock in the first quarter. So that helps us a little bit also.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And then just last quick one, if I could. Rob, on Europe, and you mentioned, I guess the non-Lloyd's Europe in terms of operations, where you were making some changes or some re-underwriting things or re-underwriting actions. Can you talk about, where you've seen the growth in that international book recently? And what's the overlap with the area that you were talking about?
W. Robert Berkley: So let me first talk to you a little bit about where we've taken the action and what those areas are. One is within the U.K., a part of the professional liability phase, a particularly class in that. Also, there was a sub-class in Spain within the professional liability space, as it relates to healthcare. And in that sub-class we have taken action there as well. And finally related to the surety line in Europe, specifically Germany, and we have taken action there. As far as the growth opportunity, probably the leading growth opportunity there is coming out of Australia.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So not within that area?
W. Robert Berkley: No. The places that we are taking action to eliminate, we are reducing or eliminating, we are not increasing. The growth is coming from places like Australia. We're having some growth in the Scandinavian territory. Not in some of the professional line within Europe and U.K.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Kumar of Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Just two or three quick questions. First of all, going back to the discussion on capital management, there's a big ramp up in buybacks suggest that perhaps you see better value in your stock versus writing more business going forward?
William R. Berkley: No. What it suggests is we think we'll have a lot of capital gains, so we'll generate more capital than our planning anticipated, so we have more resources to buyback stock. We think our stock is attractively priced now. As we have said a number of times, we think that our balance sheet is very conservatively stated, both because of our reserving and because we have assets that we carry across, because of the nature of the accounting rules that we think we value, and therefore we think the stock is attractively priced. And given that we'll convert some of those to real value. I think it's attractively priced and as we convert those to real value, we'll have more revenue than we anticipated. So we have the capacity to buyback, while keeping in mind the rating agencies want us to maintain our level of capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: That's somewhat similar to what you have said in Q4. So I think I get the point. The second question I have is on the discussion on reinsurance global. I know that you talked about the non-notable losses. The loss ratio for reinsurance global was elevated at 64.6% versus 55% in Q1 2013, were there any one-timers in that number too?
William R. Berkley: Gene, I believe, we have some positive development coming through a year ago. Is that correct?
Eugene Ballard: Yes. We did.
William R. Berkley: That was the big difference.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: So if you strip the noise or the development out, what's a good sort of underlying run rate number to think about?
Eugene Ballard: In terms of loss ratio?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: Yes. Loss ratio?
Eugene Ballard: So we're like in low-60s now.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: The final question I have is for Bill. Recently, we have seen I guess return of consolidation discussions in Bermuda. And I know this does not somewhat directly relate to you, but could you sort of refresh us what's your view is on consolidation at this juncture of the cycle for W. R. Berkley and some of the properties which might be for sale?
William R. Berkley: We mange our business, but what's in the best interest of our all shareholders. Unlike some companies, every single senior person here has their maximum economic gain by having the stock to do well. We therefore will always look at buying, selling or doing whatever is in the best interest. At this point in time, we're always hearing about opportunities, but the opportunities have to create value for our shareholders. And we think there will be a lot of consolidation, especially of what I call the billion-dollar club. The people in the reinsurance business who have $1 billion plus-or-minus of capital, and don't fit in the marketplace, where we have so much mobile capital, people can step in and offer tax protection and so forth. So we think that unless you're a specialized reinsurer in that billion-dollar class, a lot of those people are going to disappear. I think in addition to that, it's going to be hard for mid-sized players and then same-sized category, to continue to generate value unless they have a real special mix. So I think there will be substantial consolidation in both the insurance company and broker side.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie: But haven't we been talking about this for some time and yet, the consolidation really hasn't happened. What do you think has been sort of the factor, which has restricted more consolidation in the space?
William R. Berkley: Well, you heard my starting point, which was that in this company, the senior management of the company has more vested in the value of the shares of the stock than they do in anything else, which gives them the same interest as the shareholders. I think in many companies, the senior management is more interested in there job and their pay than they are in what's best interest to the shareholders, and it's very hard to differentiate that at all clients. So I think there is a lot of people convince their boards or otherwise to do what's not the right thing. And the right thing isn't always to sell at the highest price. The right thing is to create value for your shareholders over the long run. And that's not so easy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ronnie Bobman of Capital Returns.
Ronnie Bobman - Capital Returns: Rob, in your prepared remarks and then even I think in the Q&A you mentioned work comp, and again not broadly, you sort of caveated that to a degree. And I was wondering -- all right, two questions in there work comp area. One is, there is California, your California work comp book fall into that sort of attractive categorization or one of the caveats. And then, I think you also mentioned 16% growth in workers comp, and I was wondering if California or other states was a particular driver or not a driver of that?
W. Robert Berkley: As far as comp goes, you're right. We did suggest that it varies greatly by classes within the comp space, but then also varies greatly depending on the territory. We think that whether it be workers comp for any line of business, the places where it typically gets ugliest is where it becomes most attractive, because the pendulum tends to swing in the broadest manner. As far as workers compensation goes in California, certainly historically California has been one of those markets where the pendulum has swung very broadly. There are opportunities in California that we think are attractive currently and there are some opportunities in California that we would not touch with a 10-foot pole. The growth that we have had in workers compensation, there has been a meaningful amount of growth coming out of California, but it would be wrong to reach the conclusion that is being solely driven by the growth that we are experiencing in California.
Ronnie Bobman - Capital Returns: That sounds like a very delicately and selective response?
W. Robert Berkley: Given I'm surrounded by and it's real [ph] mute, understand and you could see them all.
William R. Berkley: He has two lawyers, he has all of these people, and he has me, and all being careful that we're not into it. We're happy to inform people, but we're not happy to inform our competitors.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore: Just looking at the pace of rate increases, I think you mentioned it was 4.6% overall for the company this quarter. I think last quarter was 5.7%. Curious whether that's a function of the market or which I thought you said was kind of stable or you being instead of trying to gain more market share, because you think that you're adequately priced?
W. Robert Berkley: It's a combination of both. I mean, specifically, the domestic business, where we are getting bit over a 5%, there is a place where we are seeing opportunities to lighten up our foot on the rate, accelerate it a little bit, because we are quite pleased. So to make a long story short, it's really a combination of both. I can assure you though that we are not going to be writing business, where we can't get an adequate rate in order to justify the utilization of the capital.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore: Secondly, your attentions in the primary insurance and the domestic insurance went up, just curious if there was just business mix of are you choosing to keep more net on your books?
William R. Berkley: Retention as far as how much we see versus what we keep net?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore: Yes, correct. I mean that was up modestly this quarter last year?
W. Robert Berkley: I think it's up modestly. I don't think that there is a lot to it. Having said that, I would tell you that we continue to like others examine our reinsurance purchasing, and are considering whether the way we've been buying reinsurance historically will be the same approach that we take going forward or whether there are opportunities to try and optimize that. So it is certainly possible that you will see us retaining a bit more going forward, but we are going to examine that. But as far as what you're referring to right now, I don't think it's particularly material and would not suggest that you read too much into that at this stage.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore: Just one last follow-up. On the non-cat where you said, so was it about 1 point on the combined ratio you would think?
William R. Berkley: It becomes a little bit of a slippery slope, no pun intended, because how do you define that. We have tried to come up with what we would suggest is a very black and white definition in using PCS. But the reality is after the winter storm season that we've had clearly PCS does not fully encapsulate all of the weather-related losses that are atypical or not the norm. So whether the roof's collapsing or pipes breaking or slip and fall, Gene and I and others, we hear about this in our dialogue with our colleagues, but it doesn't get incorporated in. How one wants to calculate that, again turns into the shades of gray, but when Gene and I did our back of the envelope with the assistance of some colleagues, we were getting to something that is comfortably a point and arguably, well north of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Dwelle of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: A couple questions. Can you just remind me on your reinsurance business? That business is still predominantly casualty-oriented business, right? What percentage is property?
William R. Berkley: I would say, maybe 20% of that is property. Having said that, I would tell you that the vast majority of the property business is risk as opposed to cat. So the cat component is quite modest.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: And so to the extend that you're feeling competition pressure, price pressure in that business, it's really more a derivative of just a lot of capital sloshing around as compared to direct alternative vehicles or anything directly attacking your core markets?
William R. Berkley: At this stage, I think that's right. And you've gotten somewhat of a ripple or a domino effect where you're seeing some of this alternative capital coming in and then trying to play the property or property-related game. And that in turn is driving some of the traditional players to be feeling the pressure on the property space and to be looking to participate in a broader manner in the causality space. I would suggest you so far because of, quite frankly the scale of our colleagues, the balance sheet that they operate from and the service that they provide in the intellectual capital, we have been reasonably insulated compared to many others that are front and center in some of the, I guess parts of the reinsurance marketplace that are very much in a crosshairs of some of this alternative capital.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Changing gears. On the domestic business, you commented on the overall rate environment in terms of your own experience. Are you seeing much differentiation in rate gains between, say your E&S book and your more standard lines book?
William R. Berkley: The answer is that we're seeing more differentiation honestly today than we saw last year this time, but it's not an overwhelming amount.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Which one is better?
William R. Berkley: What product line do you want to talk about?
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Well, I guess, broadly differentiating, if you're saying its more differentiated now than before, that would imply one is better than the other. So I guess, you can answer it.
William R. Berkley: Let me try and answer it in what will be somewhat of a sanitized way, but I think it will be hopefully helpful to you. I think what you're seeing in the standard market, in particularly national carriers, that by and large are the ones that tone for the overall market because as their appetites ebbs and flows, that determines how much falls off or spills over into the specialty, and more specifically the E&S market. What we've seen in the first quarter as far as national carriers, and I am generalizing now, is they are taking their foot slightly off the rate pedal and looking for ways to try and not shrink their business as far as count goes, because they have grappling with this balance between rate and growth for some period of time. National carriers in general, what we saw particularly in the quarter, when it's a line of business that they think that they have their head around and they're happy with the margin, they are becoming a bit more aggressive, not significantly more aggressive, but marginally more aggressive. Having said that, simultaneously we are seeing them become increasingly selective in the marketplace and where they are choosing to participate. So there are a growing number of examples of where they are kicking business out of the standard market and is going for the specialty and E&S market.
W. Robert Berkley: One other comment I would suggest to you that there seems to be an increased focus on large accounts on those, some of the national carriers. I don't know if it's pressure around field underwriters that they feel like they need to make a budget and it's easy to write large accounts to get better, but that would be another nugget that something we're seeing out there.
Mark Dwelle - RBC Capital Markets: Would you characterize these subtle shifts as maybe the opening shots of the ultimate turn in the market that we may eventually see or would you just see these as just the ebb and flow of emphasis within portfolio of risks?
W. Robert Berkley: I think I could probably argue either side to tell you the truth. And having said that, I'd like to think that this is the further indicator that at some point there will be further tightening, but honestly I do not participate into the internal meetings with some of these national carriers to understand how they're thinking about the business.
William R. Berkley: This is Bill. I think one of the thing is you need to recognize is the unforeseen event is what changes the pattern of behavior and with the advent of big data and all kinds of analytics and people's belief in the certainty of such, has taken us down a particular path. And even the best actuary, who's old enough to be experienced, know that it is that unforeseen event that gets you. And I think that what's going to surprise people is that unforeseen event when it comes. And a lot of people have bet big amounts on the certainty of the actuarial science and the mathematics of big data. So it's hard to predict one way or the other, but you know it's sitting out there. And you know the history of this business always surprises you by that unforeseen event. The best example was all the mathematical models, saying Katrina was a $15 billion storm.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bob Farnam with KBW.
Bob Farnam - KBW: A couple of quick questions on the different segments. So on the global reinsurance segment, gross written premium was down for the quarter. Given the competitive pressures in that space, are you expecting, would it be hard for us to imagine a case where you're going to have much growth in that line, in that segment for the year?
W. Robert Berkley: As far as the reinsurance goes, as Gene referenced, a fair amount of the reduction that you saw there had to do with also a change in our appetite for property exposure in Asia. We certainly remain a participant in the property and reinsurance market in Asia. But we made a strategic decision to dial that down a bit and to be a bit more selective perhaps than we had been. So I think that was probably the biggest contributor to that.
Bob Farnam - KBW: So the decline in the property nature that would likely impact the next few quarters as well?
W. Robert Berkley: I think that you should assume that you -- well, I don't have the numbers in front of me, Bob, so I can't be very granular about it. I think you will see that we are going to continue to reduce our participation in the property reinsurance market in Asia consequently and it's very possible that will be impacting our topline. As it relates to the other markets, I think that there is probably some level of opportunity, but not as strong as you will see in some of the other segments.
William R. Berkley: We always had a saying volume is vanity, profit is sanity. We're not interested in being a big reinsurance company and losing money.
Bob Farnam - KBW: In the international insurance segment, the expense ratio is around 40%. Just kind of curious, if you have a target expense ratio, you're looking for that in space as you guys try to gain scale there?
Eugene Ballard: I think there are couple of things there. One has to do with commissions, quite frankly, and the commissions that you have to pay in different parts of the world are higher than we would like. And I think the second piece is we have some operations that we started up in certain territories where they don't have the critical mass as of yet from an earned premium perspective. So we haven't been able to get the full scale to leverage the fixed expenses. We expect as far as the expense ratio and our internal expenses, we expect that we will be able to continue to try and leverage that and we are focused on trying to bring that in line. Certainly, scale will help, but we're looking at how we're spending money and how efficient we are. And then as far as commissions go, to a certain extent they are what they are. But obviously, we examine that as well, because it is a material cost of doing business.
Bob Farnam - KBW: I understand that the expense ratio in that segment is going to be higher than the others, but just curious, basically on a combined ratio basis maybe just what kind of combined ratio are you looking at in that segment to achieve acceptable returns?
Eugene Ballard: We need to get into the low-90s.
Operator: And our next question comes from the Jay Cohen of Bank of America
Jay Cohen - Bank of America: As you briefly mentioned early about some of the alternative capital that you see in the property and reinsurance space, but you've had at least one competitor now, startup a fund attacking casualty reinsurance, which is where you guys play. And my question is -- two questions maybe, do you see that as a trend? And secondly, is there an opportunities for you to do something in that space?
William R. Berkley: I think that there is two things. You're talking about Wexford and Arch, and we think it's a good opportunity. It's different than we would do it. We think that it's a thoughtful approach, but it's different than we would do it. We think there are opportunities to manage alternative capital, but it's got to be very long-term alternative capital from our point of view, because we view this business a little differently than most people and we think it's a long-term business. And we think it's probably not best design for hedge fund kind of investors. But for the most part, we don't have a long-term view. So we're just trying to think about it moreover how we think we want to do it and where we want to do it. But clearly more and more people are looking at the industry. The problem with most people's views is they look as the industry has lower risk than it is. Over the very long run, it's a very long risk business. Over any three to five year period, it can have much volatility than people think. And many of these investors are investing in riskier kinds of securities. So the composite of those packages result in entire risk, insurance enterprises. So it's an interesting thing, it's going to continue. It's going to represent opportunities. We've been looking at it for an extended period of time. I would hate to tell you, in fact, since Max Re, which was the first one down the line we've been looking at it. So that tells you how slow we are. But we're slow because we think the risks are hidden and unforeseen and every time we think we figured it out, we find out there is some things we haven't thought about. But I wouldn't be surprise if we didn't find some way we thought appropriate.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Patty Penn of Morgan Stanley.
Patty Penn - Morgan Stanley: The first question is about the insurance segment, domestic, the year-over-year improvements on the loss ratio, accident loss ratio x cat. Remember about a year ago, when some of your like peers showing big improvement because of pricing increase last two years, you were able to, like no peers. At that time you mentioned you had some push back from your actuaries, and they wanted more conservative, taking accident initial pick. So I just wondering going forward, as the rate actually increase, as it starting to sort of slow down a bit, so the gap between the pricing and the loss cost turn narrow, are we going to see sort of like a slower year-over-year basic loss ratio improvements or you're actuary actually is now becoming more confident, because of the past year development that it will be able to sustain the level of year-over-year loss ratio improvements?
W. Robert Berkley: From our perspective as we have suggested, we tend to for better or for worse, take a cautious approach to coming up with our initial loss pick. And then as more information becomes available and they become more seasoned, then we will tighten those picks up. Certainly, we did not want to declare victory prematurely, with not just the rate increases that we've achieved, but some on the adjustments we've made in our underwriting appetite as well, so if you will, rates plus selection and terms and conditions. And I think it is fair to say that generally speaking we as a group had not taken full credit for all the benefits that we believe is likely to appear overtime. Having said that, as I suggested earlier, we are not an organization to declare victory prematurely, and to your point, I think it is very possible you will see our reported results improve from here.
William R. Berkley: So I would now add, now the lawyer is looking at me with evil eyes, what I would suggest is the spread between incurred and paid loss ratio of 10 points is much more than one would normally expect, especially given the growth rate. I think that what that's probably implying is that we're booking somewhat too high an incurred loss ratio at the moment. And as we move along in the quarter, we hope to persuade the actuaries that they're being a bit too cautious.
Patty Penn - Morgan Stanley: And second quarter is regarding to your international segments, x-ing your loss ratio x cat actuary deteriorated a bit last two quarters. Just wonder if that's related to the issues that Rob mentioned earlier or some business mix shift change?
William R. Berkley: No. It's related to the issues Rob spoke about and we're managing though them at the present.
Patty Penn - Morgan Stanley: And my last question on the investment portfolio. And we saw, interest rate having going down for years and last year we see some hope of higher interest rates and now this year. Does that expectation has been tempered down. I just wonder what's your outlook for interest rate and how do you position your portfolio accordingly?
William R. Berkley: It was very diplomatic to say, it was tempered. I would say hopefully interest rates going up were dashed. I think that we're searching for asset-focused investments that give us a yield or more predictable gain that the return is in the 5%, 6%, 7% area, that whether it accumulates and is realize at the end of the period of time or comes ratably, it doesn't matter to us. But it does give us lumpier results. It's hard to find things, especially, where we historically have invested, because there is so much liquidity in the system and liquidity in the system has brought about both by the polices of the various central banks, but no one should forget that the number of older people who are saving money for retirement is increasing also, so the aggregate savings are increasing on their own independently of this. So from our point of view, we don't see interest rates moving up certainly for 18 months or more. And it's hard to search for things that are going to give us a good return. And we don't want to take the risk for when it happens and extend the duration of our portfolio, because then you're in a position exactly at the wrong moment to have a longer duration. So we intend to keep the duration of our portfolio between three and three-and-a-half years, which is sort of less than the duration of our liabilities and search for other opportunities that give us what we would think are good attractive long-term yield. But we don't see interest rates going up for certainly more than a year, probably 18 months, and even then we don't see them going up very dramatically. We don't even think global interest rates reflect the softening economy in China. And there is very little differentiation for quality, by a five-year Spanish government bond, it yields the same as U.S. Treasury or maybe they test your quality.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ian Gutterman with Balyasny.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny: I think most of my have been answered. If I can ask Gene just one last question. Do you have any color on the reserve releases within the U.S. segment, either by a line of business or by accident years? I was just trying to get a little flavor for this?
Eugene Ballard: No, we'll go into a little more detail on that in the queue, but I don't have anything more to add to it right now.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny: And anything that would be seen as, different than what we would have seen last year?
Eugene Ballard: No.
Operator: And our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: First of all, I just want to point out the egg on my face with the new disclosures on workers comp. Congratulations on that they were excellent and thank you. The second issue, some things that Rob mentioned, one, is the possibility of retaining more risk in terms of our reinsurance purchasing.
William R. Berkley: I don't think that's what he said.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: That's not what he said, okay, that confused me. I thought basically he may consider retaining more, and if he didn't I was trying to listen the math behind it.
William R. Berkley: He just didn't say retaining more risk, he said changing our reinsurance retention.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I think he did said retain more, but maybe I'm wrong. So then skip that if that's not what he said, because I didn't understand that.
W. Robert Berkley: Josh, I think the point is that right now we see somewhere in the neighborhood of $750-ish million of premium into the traditional reinsurance market so to speak. And we, like others, are looking at that and we continue to look at that and make sure that what we're doing makes sense.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: So the reason I think you said retaining more risk, and I was trying to be explicit, we're trying to examine the premium we see and understand are there ways to change our reinsurance program that may or not mean changing the risk profile.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: We're seeing more premium without retaining more risk?
William R. Berkley: I'd say that, Josh, I think the answer to your question is that we buy a fair amount of reinsurance now and we continue to examine that, and think about whether what we're doing makes sense prospectively.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: The other question relates to the 100 or more basis points of winter weather non-cat losses, would that be compared to 1Q '13 or a typical winter. So I think 1Q '13 was particularly benign in terms of winter weather.
William R. Berkley: I think the answer would be both.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And I'm sure I'll work on that answer.
William R. Berkley: I don't think it really matters. You'll do it, however, you want to do it. Could we go on to the next question Nicole?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And I am showing no further questions at this time.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, all very much. We appreciate it. And as I said, we're very pleased to report and we expect the year to continue to show better returns. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today' program. You may all disconnect. Have a great day, everyone.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William Robert Berkley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee William Robert Berkley - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Eugene G. Ballard - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Heather Takahashi Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P. Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be, in fact, achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and with our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Robert Berkley: Thanks, Kate. Good morning. We're really pleased with where things are going. We're pleased with the environment and the opportunities that we see. We're pleased not only because we see opportunities going forward, but we see -- pleased, because we see the issues that are problems, and we feel we have solutions that will allow us to move forward. So we're going to start with Rob, talking about the business, then Gene talking about our numbers and follow up with me, talking more of an overview and then take questions. So Rob, you're up.
William Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone. During the fourth quarter, market conditions were notably split between the world of insurance and the world of reinsurance. Insurance market, particularly, the domestic insurance market was, for the most part, consistent with what we have seen in the past quarter or 2. Property pricing continues to erode gradually. Professional's a mixed bag, and it varies depending on the class, and it varies oftentimes between primary versus excess. For example, medical remains quite competitive. Lawyers, professionals offering opportunity for rate increase. D&O within itself is very mixed on the public side. Primary is offering opportunity for rate. Excess seems to be somewhat flat. Not-for-profit and private D&O, there seems to be rate that continues to be available, as well as EDLI. Having said this, general casualty and workers' comp continue to be the bright points. We expect these trends to continue, barring any unforeseen events into the foreseeable future. The one exception maybe professional, which in our opinion, is likely to improve over the next several quarters. On the other hand, the treaty reinsurance market experienced an increase in competition, like we haven't seen in sometime. It started with an oversupply as many are aware in the property cat market that created somewhat of a feeding frenzy, if you will, which surprisingly actually spilled over into the casualty treaty market to a certain extent and created a bit of a downward spiral from a pricing perspective. Additionally, the environment for treaty reinsurers was somewhat compounded as far as the challenges, both as a result of an ongoing shift or change in the buying habits and patterns of many leading companies. It's unclear how this is going to fight out in the short run. However, it would seem reasonably clear that it will be challenging for the reinsurance market to achieve their desired long-term returns, given where the current rating environment is. With regards to the company, net written premium for the fourth quarter of '13 was $1.36 billion. This is an increase of 11% compared with the fourth quarter of '12. The domestic insurance operations led this growth with more modest growth coming from our international insurance and reinsurance segment. Of the 11 points of growth, 5.7 were associated with rate increase and the balance coming from exposure. The slight decline in rate increase is primarily due to a bit of a shift that we're directing within the organization, with some of our operations that are achieving or exceeding our targeted returns on a policy-year basis. Consequently, we are refining the balance between rate that we are seeking versus growth as from an exposure perspective. It's also worth mentioning, our renewal retention ratio remains at approximately 80%, which continues to give us comfort that the quality of the book is in no way being undermined and, quite frankly, it remains well in check. The loss ratios improved appreciably to a 61.4%. This includes 1.2 points of positive reserve development, and tax were a little bit less than 1 point. The paid-loss ratio was approximately a 52%, which as we suggested in the past, provides us a degree of comfort or an early indicator as to where the ultimate losses may come out. The expense ratio remained essentially flat. Having said this, given the actions that we have taken in '13, combined with the further actions that we will be taking in '14, we expect you will see some degree of improvement with the expense ratio during the '14 year. Additionally, the expense ratio will benefit from continued growth in the earned premium. This gives us a combined ratio of a 95.1% or improvement of 3 points when compared with the fourth quarter of '12. Gene is going to be giving you a bit more color on the numbers, as he has in the past, but I would make a couple of other comments briefly. Much of the improvement was due to our domestic or U.S. insurance operations, in particular. Some of the loss activity that we had in the reinsurance segment stems from property losses coming out of the property portfolio we have in Asia. Again, that's in the reinsurance segment. And on the insurance front, we had some property losses and surety losses again. Again, this will be in the international insurance segment, and this was specifically in Europe. We have our arms around these issues and have already taken the required actions to address them. The balance sheet remains strong. The fourth quarter of '13 marks the 28th quarter in a row of positive reserve development. As we discussed in the past, our philosophy is to set our initial loss fix [ph] cautiously with the idea as more information becomes available and those reserve season were able to tighten our fix [ph]. Beyond that, as far as the balance sheet goes, our Chairman, certainly, will be discussing the investment portfolio amongst other things. But I would tuck in a comment that we continue to strategically manage the investment portfolio, trying to strike an appropriate balance between yield, duration and expected movement in interest rates. We remain quite optimistic about the opportunities before our organization. As I suggested earlier, we think one of the bright points in the marketplace is the U.S. casualty market. And given how weighted we are towards U.S. casualty as a group overall, we believe that this will hold us in very good stead, both today and for the foreseeable future. Thank you.
William Robert Berkley: Okay, Gene, you want to pick up and go through some of the numbers, please?
Eugene G. Ballard: Okay. Thanks, Bill. Well, as Rob said, we finished the year with another solid quarter with strong premium growth, continued improvement in our combined ratio on both an accident year and a calendar year basis and a significant increase in our operating income compared with the fourth quarter of 2012. Overall, our net premiums written were up 11% to almost $1.4 billion, and the combined ratio decreased 3 points to 95.1% in the fourth quarter. Catastrophe losses were $13 million in the quarter, that's down significantly from last year's fourth quarter cat losses of $41 million, which were almost all related to Sandy. Favorable reserve development in the quarter was $12 million or 1.2 loss ratio points, and that compares with $20 million or 1.6 loss ratio points a year ago. The accident year loss ratio, before considering catastrophe losses, was approximately 95% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our accident year loss ratio improved 2.5 points from 98% in 2012 to 95.5% in 2013. In addition, as Rob mentioned, our paid loss ratio, excluding the impact of a specific reinsurance commutation, continued to be very strong at 52% in the fourth quarter and 54% for the full year. Looking at the individual segments. For our domestic segment, net premiums grew 14% to just under $1 billion. The growth was led by our workers' compensation and other liability lines, which grew 19% and 14%, respectively. The domestic segment combined ratio fell 3 points to 92.8% in the quarter, with strong underwriting results from excess and surplus lines, our regional business and our monoline workers' compensation company. Domestic cat losses were minimal in the quarter at just over $1 million. And for the full year, the domestic segment's accident year loss ratio, before cat, declined 2 points to 95%. Our growth was more modest in the other 2 segments, reinsurance and international, whereas Rob mentioned, the market conditions are lagging the primary insurance market in the U.S. For the international segment, our net premiums were up 1% to $184 million, as growth in our Lloyd's business was partially offset by a decline in our direct European business and by the impact of foreign exchange rates. The reported combined ratio decreased 1 point to 102.4% due primarily to lower catastrophe losses. And for the full year, the international segment's accident year combined ratio declined 2 points to 96%. The fourth quarter accident year combined ratio was slightly higher at 100% due to an increase in losses from short-tail lines, as well as a higher expense ratio. For the reinsurance segment, net premiums increased 4% to $188 million, and the combined ratio decreased 5 points to 100.2%, primarily due to lower cat activity. For the full year, the reinsurance segment's accident year combined ratio also declined by 4 points to 99%. Our overall expense ratio for the company was 33.7% in the quarter, up 2/10 from a year ago. The domestic segment expense ratio declined 2/10 to 32.3%. And although the international and reinsurance expense ratios increased slightly in the fourth quarter due to -- in part, to the modest -- our growth in our premium, the longer-term trends for those segments are still much better. Since 2010, the insurance -- the international segment is down 4.5 points to 39% in full year '13, and the reinsurance expense ratio is also down 4 points to 34.8% in full year 2013, and we expect those trends to continue. Our investment income was $139 million in the quarter. That's 8% below last year's fourth quarter, but it's also an 11% increase over the preceding quarter of this year due to increased earnings from investment funds. For the full year of '13, our overall investment yield was 3.7% compared with 4.0% in 2012. We also reported realized gains of $25 million in the fourth quarter and $121 million for all of '13. Our effective tax rate declined in the quarter to 25.5%. That's due to the impact of both tax exempt investments, as well as higher foreign tax credits in the quarter. You'll notice we reported a reduction in income of $5 million for non-controlling interest. We control and consolidate an investment company that has minority shareholders. That company reported a realized investment gain in the quarter, and approximately $4 million of that gain was attributable to the minority shareholders. So the way we show that is we show the gross gain in our realized gains, and we show the minority shareholders' portion of that gain as a non-controlling interest. So in total, that gives us net income of $130 million for the quarter or $0.93 per share and an annualized return on equity of 12.1%. One other comment. If you take a look at Page 8 of the release, you'll see that the breakdown of our investment portfolio is presented there, and that's mostly unchanged from September 30. I did want to point out that we made a change in the presentation in this -- of this information. And previously, in previous releases, we had separately reported foreign corporate bonds. And we recently decided that it made more sense not to separate the foreign corporate bonds from the U.S. corporates. The main reason we made this change is that many of these what we were calling foreign corporate bonds are actually backed by multinational companies, and we felt the designation of foreign and non-foreign was somewhat subjective and not meaningful. At year end, the average portfolio duration was 3.3 years, the average credit rating was unchanged at AA-, and the aggregate unrealized investment gains for the portfolio were $257 million. Our operating cash flow, excluding the impact of the computation I mentioned, was up. It was $255 million in the quarter and $881 million for the full year. And finally, we repurchased 3 million shares of our own common stock in the fourth quarter and almost 4 million shares or 3% of our beginning outstanding shares in full year 2013.
William Robert Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So we were pleased with the results. Briefly, our investment portfolio changed only slightly. We effectively changed part of our common stock investment strategy to a hedged portfolio, where we hedged with options and had less exposure. It reduced our net exposure to the market. It's proved to be a good decision. At the same time, we slightly increased our municipal exposure, and we slightly increased, effectively, our cash. Our general view is the biggest question we face as an enterprise is the tension between the risks of inflation and the threat of deflation. It's costing us a lot of money to maintain the liquidity we have and to keep the duration of our portfolio at 3.3 years, which is sort of 10% below the duration of our liability. Our liability duration is 3.6 years, roughly, and we're at 3.3. It's sort of leaning, not being too definitive, towards the fear of inflation. Inflation is how we set our reserves, assuming a certain level of inflation. The redundancies come out, because, in fact, that inflation that we feel is just around the corner has not materialized. And as long as that continues, we'll continue to have significant redundancies coming out or being built up in our reserves. That cushion is really nice. It happened for an extended period of time, and it protects us from the uncertainty of inflation. We're doing the same thing in our investment portfolio. We're keeping that shorter duration. And in fact, as a cornerstone issue of minimizing our exposure to that unforeseen loss, we look at the $4 trillion balance sheet of the Federal Reserve, and we're worried. There's no sign, we're not being foolish, we're not selling all our long-term bonds, we're still investing in that -- maintaining that 3.3-year duration. We're still establishing reserves with an expected level of inflation that's reasonable and not crazy, but it is the guidepost that says you need to worry. It's out there, and it could happen, and it'll happen when you can least afford it. Some of our competitors are taking a different stance. In the short run, it is costing us. We think in the long run, we'll be rewarded. I think generally speaking, we're pretty pleased with our results. We haven't gotten our expenses where they need to go. It's at the top of our priority list, along with what's always been our first item, which is underwriting profitability, price increases, which especially on the domestic front, we had an excellent year. And we expect that same discipline is going to be applied throughout the world and most places it is. So with that, I would -- Kate, I'm happy to turn this over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Just going back to your opening remarks. Can you just talk a bit more about that shift in the direction regarding balancing rates versus growth? If pricing is at 5% to 6%, and loss costs are running at 4% or so, how should we think about the shift and its impact on margins going forward?
William Robert Berkley: First, I don't think we said loss costs are running at 4%. Somebody else may have, but that isn't what we said, so I'll -- Rob, you can...
William Robert Berkley: Yes, I think you're referring to a comment I made. And, really, the point that we were trying to articulate is that it's a balance that all of our operating units are constantly trying to strike between rates versus adding to exposure, or in many cases, policy count. And for us, we have a growing number of our operations that, on a policy-year basis, are meeting or exceeding our targeted returns. So, again, we find ourselves, when we get into that position, saying, "Do we want to push rate harder and possibly write less business? Or do we want to temper how we are pushing for rate and get what we think the market will bear, but also grow count to a certain extent?" I think one of the pieces to your earlier point that one needs to keep in mind as it relates to the 5.7%, which incidentally for our domestic insurance was north of 6%, is that we remain very comfortable that we are outpacing trends by a notable margin to the extent that our -- quite frankly, our margins continue to improve.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: And then are loss costs running at 3% or so?
William Robert Berkley: It really depends on the line of business, to be perfectly honest. I think that our view has been that 3-ish is -- has been the pick that we've been using for some time now. I think, quite frankly, there are some out there that in the past have been more optimistic than us. And now, as a result, or perhaps timing, to catch up a bit or maybe choosing to pick a higher number. But we feel, based on everything that we know about our book and what we see going on around us, that 3% will continue to be an adequate number. And, quite frankly, again, as a reserve development has played out, referenced earlier in the discussion, it's proven to be more than adequate.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: That's helpful. I...
William Robert Berkley: Let me just add that, that 3% number, which we sort of have used in our reserving, in fact, is the number that has proved to be, in reality, a little more conservative than what reality has been. So I think that, at least that's where it's been to date.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. And then, I guess, in conjunction to that, in terms of the buyback, was that a function of growth opportunities in Q4, or was it a function of the stock price? Maybe just talk about the relative attractiveness. Because if I recall your comments, I don't think a lot of us on the Street had that level of buybacks in our model.
William Robert Berkley: Well, the goal is always to keep everyone uncertain. And I think that part of it is you buy back stock when the stock is available, when people come to you and offer you pieces of stock, when you can do things, and you think the stock is attractive relative to where you think the intrinsic value of the enterprise is, what you think the growth opportunities are and what the returns are. So just as in the third quarter, we had a substantial capital gain, which generated unforeseen excess capital, which gave us the capacity to buy back a lot of stock outside of our modeled capital needs. So we plan on our capital use. And any time we generate substantial capital above our capital plan, we step back and say, "Okay, are we going to be able to grow faster this year or do we want to buy the stock back? What availability do we have for buying back stock and what price?" So it's a constant measure of where do we go, what do we do. And honestly, we felt the stock's value was good from the point of view of our shareholders versus the alternatives of how do we create value and maximize the returns for our shareholders. Tomorrow, we might decide it'd be better to pay a special dividend or find a company to acquire. I can't tell you. It's -- we make decisions, we talk to the board as to what the right opportunity is at the time. But the issue is we were generating, and in this case, mainly, because we had an especially large gain based upon what's opportune at the moment.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: That's helpful. And then just, finally, on the expense ratio comment then, you mentioning that it's one of your top priorities for 2014. We've talked about it for some quarters, and we have seen some improvement. When we look forward, are we talking about a few points of improvement, or is it going to be sort of a slow trend line improvement? And then what would be the biggest driver at this juncture?
William Robert Berkley: This is -- I'm sorry, this is Rob. The answer is that we -- in all likelihood, you will see a gradual improvement over '14 and, certainly, into '15, as I suggested. Part of the improvement will come from higher earned premium. And, quite frankly, some of the smaller businesses in their infancy, their earned premium getting to a more substantial level or catching up with their written as they grow a bit. I think the other thing that we're constantly looking at is whether we, as an organization, are as lean and mean as we need to. Are the things that we're doing -- are we fully embracing efficiency where we can? At the same time, that should not be misinterpreted. We are not going to depart from our decentralized structure. So I think a lot of the benefit will come from higher earned premium, at the same time, as we have in the past. And we will continue to be vigilant about how we spend dollars and pennies as well. I think the other comment that I would make is it's a slippery slope to line up all P&C insurance companies and start comparing their expense ratios. I think one needs to take into account the mix of business and the nature of a higher expense model that often goes along with some of the specialty line. Now one needs to be able to compensate for that and then some with the loss ratio and, ultimately, delivering an attractive combined which we were acutely aware of. But I think that one needs to understand that there are parts of our Specialty business, quite frankly, that are running its combined in the 80s, and they have an expense ratio that starts with a 4. And ultimately, our view is that, that make sense because we're delivering a good return. So again, as was suggested earlier, we are acutely aware of the expense ratio, and we would like to see that improve by, certainly, a couple of points over some period of time. At the same time, I would caution people and not leaping to any conclusion based on comparing our expense ratio to others that have a very different mix of business.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Say, one question, Rob. I guess somebody asked the expense question. But I think it was either you or Gene that mentioned the underlying or accident year combined annually in the segments. And we're trying to figure out what that implied about the international segment in the fourth quarter. Is there -- can we get a little color on that?
William Robert Berkley: Gene's comment, and let's see -- well, Gene, are you able to connect those dots?
Eugene G. Ballard: Well, I say, was -- the fourth quarter combined ratio was around 100%. So that's a point below where it was a year ago. It's been slightly elevated just because of the expense ratio.
William Robert Berkley: But it's improving.
Eugene G. Ballard: Nine for the full year.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then -- so the growth -- how much of the growth coming off in the fourth quarter was just due to FX?
Eugene G. Ballard: Actually, the FX for the international segment, on a gross basis, was down 1 percentage point. And on a local currency basis, it would have been up 3 or 4 percentage points.
William Robert Berkley: But on a consolidated basis, it was down. It was nothing of consequence.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I understand, I understand. I was just trying to -- so you had some growth there during the last few quarters, and that seems to have pulled back in the fourth quarter. Was it something specific, or was it just kind of you reached scale in the businesses you were trying to grow? Or just trying to understand kind of what might have changed in the fourth quarter?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, I think it's a combination of both, Michael. There are, certainly, some parts of our international insurance, where they reached a critical mass, and you're not going to see the same level of growth that is seen in the past, unless you see an improving market that they operate in. And, quite frankly, as we suggested earlier, there are many markets outside of the United States that remains remarkably competitive and I would suggest, to a certain extent, in some situations, irrational. So, again, it's a combination of reaching some degree of critical mass in some places and other places, where we've just concluded that we don't like the opportunity, and we are willing to shrink the business. No different than what we have done in the past domestically, when we don't like the opportunity, or we're in it to make an underwriting profit. And if we don't think we can do that, we'll just not do it, or certainly, do less of it.
William Robert Berkley: I think withdrawing, in particular, pieces of the business on an international basis appears to be more significant, because it's a much smaller business, so we withdraw from one particular thing or another. And in a quarter, it particularly may seem more consequential that it would elsewhere.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And was that pullback related, or was that in any of the lines or areas where you were growing? Or was -- so did you grow in something and then decide you maybe didn't like it as much, and then you cut it off? Or was it something where you had a presence for some time and, for whatever reason, it just no longer met your hurdles?
William Robert Berkley: It's probably a combination of both, to a certain extent. But it's more driven by places that we have been for an extended period of time. And we remain astonished by the level of competition. And to our colleagues credit, they know where the line needs to be in the sand, and they stay on the right side of that. So I would use as an example for you, U.K. professional liability. Our book of U.K. professional liability is 1/3 the size it was at its peak, or maybe even a little bit less. And we just don't get it. I mean, we have lots of theories why some of these folks continue to chase it down the drain. But that would be an example, Michael, of something that is moving the needle from a top line perspective, where we have the people, we have the expertise, we're focused on doing the right things, and we're taking a long-term view. That market will come back. We are convinced, at some point, and we will be there when others will have to permanently retreat.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's really helpful. And then just last one. Not an underwriting question, but the income -- the net income from your wholly-owned subs was higher this quarter and is actually higher in '13. It's actually pretty positive in '13 versus, really, effectively flat in '12. How should we think about that? I mean, I don't have a lot of insight into the hanger leasing business, or I think that's what part of it is. But if you could give us some color on that, that would be great.
William Robert Berkley: It's an aviation service, maintenance business as well. We service parts in international military and airports around the world. It's a business where we made an acquisition last year that helps us expand the business. The business is growing. It's just more profitable. The fourth quarter was especially profitable. I think the fourth quarter run rate was probably better than we'll have for the balance of the year, but the rest of the year will be -- 2014, rather, will be a good year, but not as good as if you annualize the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I don't want to talk about a specific case, but, of course, you'll know where I'm getting. When you guys have a large judgment that affects you, what is the policy about case reserving for significant losses?
William Robert Berkley: The policy is we always examine cases and reserve as we think appropriate.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And is there a pooling of general reserves for such losses? Or if you had one specific outside loss, would that be a risk that you'd actually take a case reserve at a later time?
William Robert Berkley: We always reserve as we think appropriate, Josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You guys have -- I think it's been 20-something -- 28 quarters or so in a row of reserve releases. But this past quarter, if my math is right, it was the lowest of the entire track record. And just in terms of absolute dollars...
William Robert Berkley: I don't think, actually, it was lowest, but it was amongst the lowest.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, we -- fourth quarter last year was $20 million, the second quarter this year was $18 million, this is $17 million, so we've been bouncing around...
William Robert Berkley: It's bouncing around. It's -- I wouldn't say it's the lowest, but it's -- the answer is...
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: $16 million is lower than -- okay, go ahead.
William Robert Berkley: I think we've had several that have been -- you also have to understand that these are netted numbers, so there's a lot of stuff moving around. But I would say there's been 3 quarters that have been all around the same thing. Now what's the question?
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. Actually, it was the stuff you mentioned. Can you talk a bit about the accident year movements underneath, the -- or any kind of segment detail? Can you help us think about the moving parts?
William Robert Berkley: I don't think we can give you moving parts except to say that, as we said, with a paid loss ratio of 52%, which is, again, towards the very low end of the paid loss ratio. And paid loss ratio continues going down. It still has a greater spread over our reported loss ratio -- would indicate that the likelihood of continued redundancies is good, assuming we don't have an acceleration of inflation, which I think answers your question, at least in a general way. It doesn't give you the specifics you'd like.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, I mean, we'll see the Schedule P when it comes out. But you can't help us with any kind of like which years moved around or anything, whether...
William Robert Berkley: You'll see -- one of the problems is you're going to see a new Schedule P. It's going to be a consolidated Schedule P, because we've moved everything under Berkley Insurance. So for the first time, we won't have to have 100 people explaining it. So the Schedule P will be much more self-explanatory. So I don't want to get ahead of myself, but everyone will be able to examine Schedule P with much more precision and a much clearer understanding. So I don't want to get ahead of myself. I want to let everybody look at it. And if you have questions then, I think you'll see them. And I think it will verify what we have been saying for a while that our reserves will prove to be more comfortable than some people have implied.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, okay, that -- yes, I look forward to that. But the one thing is I understand the paid loss ratio -- I mean, that -- and it's good that it's not dollars out the door. My concern is, is there a trend somewhere in the accident years that's causing you to put up more case, and, obviously, that -- just causing you to put up more, whether it's the large loss that Josh Shanker just mentioned, or the large potential loss that Josh mentioned or others that is -- is there a tick up somewhere that's causing you to put up more non-paid loss estimates that is driving overall reserve releases to be at the lowest level in many years?
William Robert Berkley: Yes, I'm sorry. Greg, it's Rob. I think if you go back over some period of time, I think you will find that over many quarters, the paid loss ratio has continued to be very attractive. I think what you will see also is that we've consistently had positive developments. And a lot of that stems from where we had our initial loss pick, proving to be perhaps a bit cautious relative to where reality is. I don't think that you should -- I think in my opinion, at least, it would be a mistake to read into that a little bit -- it would be a mistake to read into the situation more than that. I think as far as the reserve development, we go through a reasonably extensive reserve analysis by operating unit, by product line every 90 days. And what you see is very much a byproduct, if you will, of that exercise. And we're constantly reviewing and rereviewing that. Ultimately, we feel as though that, that process allows us to make sure that we end up in a good spot. And there will be fluctuations from time to time, just like if you look at '13, it moved back and forth and a lot of that has to do with because we're looking at it every quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith with Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on growth in the domestic insurance operation. Just looking at gross written premiums of 13% this quarter, sequential uptick from the last quarter, could you help us understand why that happened? And are you turning on the spigot in certain lines that you had closed earlier?
William Robert Berkley: I think the answer is we are opening the spigot selectively where we think the policy or returns will hit or exceed our target. And, consequently, we are willing to be a little bit less aggressive in some cases with rate and more interested in growing policy count.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: How do you see that moving forward in '14? I mean, I understand that you're more comfortable with the trends now, but we ought to see some competitors also reduce the pace of rate increases. Do you think that you can actually gain market share despite the market being more competitive?
William Robert Berkley: Well, again, I'm not intimately familiar with what some of the other companies say, and certainly, I'm not intimately familiar with what they truly think. But from our perspective, we see -- we are seeing on a policy-year basis, a growing percentage of our operating units or the business that we write, being able to achieve our targeted returns or better. And to the extent that, that's the case, we will continue to pursue that business. There is certainly nothing that leads us to believe that '14 is going to be a year where we are not -- the environment will not provide an opportunity to grow the business in all likelihood. And we remain somewhat optimistic. I think the other thing that one needs to keep in mind is that we had several years at this stage of rate increase, which then, of course, you get a compounding effect. So at this stage, we have many parts of the organization that have been getting rate on rate for multiple quarters, and it shouldn't be a surprise that we're getting to the point where some of the operations have very much a green light to try and increase their exposure.
William Robert Berkley: And some of us aren't somewhat optimistic. Some of us are very optimistic. But those who are very optimistic are always somewhat optimistic.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. All right. Then the second question is on the expense ratio. You mentioned that you're taking certain actions. Curious, further depths just in back-office stuff, or are you looking sort of more of the underwriting stuff?
William Robert Berkley: Yes, I don't -- I think that you're leaping to a conclusion that it's a staff issue. And I think that, that would be a mistake, from my perspective. We're just constantly looking at the organization to try and find ways that we can become more efficient. We're looking at places where we can work more efficiently with our partners, ways that we can work more efficiently with distribution and customers. And we're looking at systems and things of that nature as well.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And so the question for Gene. Gene, what do you think is the normalized tax rate? Is it around the 27% mark?
Eugene G. Ballard: Obviously, it depends a lot. Gains can influence that if we have more realized gains in the quarter. Those are all the taxed at 35%. So that could cause some variability in the number. But 27%, 28%, right now, is about the right place to be.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And the last question, on the net investment income. So you guys are pulling back, or still keeping your duration low. Should we see some sort of continued drag on the net investment income in the future?
William Robert Berkley: I don't really think it's going to change much. I think duration is going to stay around 3.3 years. I don't think there'll be a drag, because we are generating lots of cash, so the duration will stay roughly the same. So no, I would not think -- I wouldn't think that will happen. But we will -- I don't think we'll get a benefit from a steepening yield curve. Some people are out investing and pushing that duration to 5 years. You see a 5-year duration, that's a really substantial benefit they're getting from that steeper yield curve. On the other hand, it's a lot more risk to take if inflation comes back. So I think that's the biggest change. But no, I don't think it'll have an adverse effect. And look, at some point in time, you make a decision that you think the risk of inflation are less. I don't think that's the case. Ultimately, right now, we don't have inflation, because other investors from outside the U.S. are funding our deficits and are funding the borrowing of the Federal Reserve. So as long as that happens, we're not going to have inflation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Takahashi with Three Bridges Capital.
Heather Takahashi: I have some questions specifically related to the workers' comp line. I was wondering if you could talk more specifically about what trends you've seen from recent accident years in workers' comp. How the development's going? And then also, what you're seeing in terms of pricing versus loss cost trends for recent years now? I mean, we all know that pricing has been up quite a bit in workers' comp, but how are the loss costs trending more recently? And if you could also talk a bit about California?
William Robert Berkley: We really don't talk about particular lines of business. If you have questions about that, you can -- you could talk offline to Gene Ballard and Karen Horvath. But we don't talk about specific lines of business. We certainly wouldn't talk about a particular state and lines of business. It's competitive information. And it's not something we generally share.
Heather Takahashi: Okay. Maybe I could ask another question then. Perhaps the answer will be similar. What do you think now in terms of your excess capital position? I mean, you talked earlier on the call about all the things you can do with excess capital, but what are you now thinking in terms of how much you have in excess capital?
William Robert Berkley: Well, it depends, obviously, on our capacity to grow. So that's an issue that changes every quarter based on our earnings and our ability to grow. I think we have modest levels of excess capital. We'll continue to evaluate, as we do each quarter, either special dividends, buying our own stock back and the alternative of profitability of growth. And I think that's a continuously evaluated situation. And I think as we made it in the fourth quarter to buy back stock more aggressively, it's a decision we make on a continuous basis. We have guidelines from our board as to what we can do. And it's -- we basically make that as a continuous thing based on opportunities we see at any moment in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Farnam with KBW.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Just one touching -- going back to the reserves. Just you talked about the inflation impact on reserves. What kind of inflation assumptions are you making when you're setting reserves at this point?
William Robert Berkley: It would be 3% to 3-plus, depending on the line of business. And, in fact, inflation is really proved to be between 1% and 2%.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in your press release, you mentioned your kind of new competitors -- more rational competitors, it seems like. Are those competitors basically companies that used to write large-ticket E&S that are looking to move into smaller E&S because of the [indiscernible] moving into the market?
William Robert Berkley: We're among friends. The answer is people like Berkshire and other people who are trying to expand their footprint, who are rational people and want to write business and other people who are, in fact, leaving the business. Now there are also other people who are not so rational, whose names I won't mention. But the point I was trying to make is everyone is making much to do about Berkshire, and there probably are some others who are entering the business, but those are rational, long-term people who want to make money. Long-term, rational people, who want to get in the business aren't of great concerns to us. Ajit is a good friend of mine, and he's as greedy as anybody, and he wants to make money. That's not a problem. And anybody who worries about that is making a mistake. The people you need to worry about are the dummies, who don't know about making money, and who do dumb things. And those are the people you worry about. And a lot of those people are going out of business. And those people, we're happy to see go. And there are a few other dummies who are in the business, and we'd like to see them go, too, but they're not all gone yet.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Just give them some more time, huh?
William Robert Berkley: Absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Gutterman with Balyasny Asset Management.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: First Gene, can you clarify, I might have misheard. I thought at one point you said there was $12 million of reserve releases, and I thought you also said 1.2% was your -- be more like $17 million. So I just wanted to clarify which is what.
William Robert Berkley: Definitely, it was $17 million, he said.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: $17 million. On the paid loss ratio, I guess one thing I was looking at is obviously, you've shown good growth. It looks like the last 3 years have been double-digit top line, and paids this year are going to be up, call it, low-single digit. And obviously, part of that is good work on your part and part of that is just paid's lagged growth, right? So does that imply that we're sort of marketing the bottom on paid loss ratio in just a natural -- the way losses pay out over time, should suggest that, that pace will start to grow faster to reflect the growth of the past few years?
William Robert Berkley: Paid always, in fact, has a lag with risk, okay? And yes, absolutely, your statement is a correct statement and the trend is correct. So paid -- let's just say that you have to balance that paid with what the earned premium was, and the written, and you have a format that does that. And even after taking that into consideration, paid losses are down significantly. But, for example, last year, I think the paid-loss ratio was like 57% or 58%. And again, it's trending down. If it had trended as our growth was, it would've been 53% or 54%, depending -- because you've got to look at it as a percentage of premium volume of net premium. So it's -- they're trending down slightly faster than premiums are trending up. So it's getting better and continues to get slightly better. That's the long and the short of it. So if you said 52%, what 52% means is it's probably a point or 2 better than last year. And last year, probably was a point or 2 better than the year before and so on.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay. But at some point, I assume we're getting close to that inflection where it starts to go the other way, even if you're doing a good job on managing the product [ph].
William Robert Berkley: I would envision that you will be at the inflation point about 6 to 12 months after prices stop going up.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: That's very helpful, actually.
William Robert Berkley: That will be a fair guess. Probably take you about a year after price increases stop going up, because a year after is when earned premium stop having those price increases. So I'm giving you what would be the rule of thumb in my mind, not a mathematical calculation. But if I looked at it, I would say paid losses, a year after price increases stop, should bottom out.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: That makes sense. And then my last topic, on reinsurance. First, can you remind me just a general mix of, say, casualty versus property and maybe professional in that business?
William Robert Berkley: More than 2/3 of it is casualty and professional, and the balance being shorter-tail long.
Ian Gutterman - Balyasny Asset Management L.P.: Okay, and but that's kind of what I was guessing. So as we go forward, given the comments, I think it was Rob made, on pressure in cat spreading into casualty, should we maybe expect some, at least, expense ratio pressure there from higher seating [ph] commissions and possibly even loss ratio as well?
William Robert Berkley: I think it's certainly possible. But I think that perhaps, the thing to look at a little bit more closely will be the top line, which, obviously, we expect there's a possibility, because that could shrink, depending on market conditions. And yes, of course, over time, as that reality earns through, that we'll expect the expense ratio to an extent as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up question from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, just one more question. You guys were kind enough to give us new disclosure on the last couple of quarters on development by segment. Is that not going to happen going forward? Or do you have it in front of you?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, we will have that laid out in the 10-K. But with $17 million in total and it's predominantly the domestic segment and also the international segment.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I guess, so those were both favorable and negligible on the reinsurance?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes. Well, there's some in all 3. So I mean, it's not a -- that big a number to begin with, but we'll have it in the K.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I got somehow kicked off the call before, so if this has been asked, I apologize. But on the investment income and the fixed income side, that's bounced around the last couple of quarters. There's -- fourth quarter was a little bit above where it was in the third quarter. Is that just cash flow and normal variability in earnings?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, there's nothing -- been no change, fundamental change in the investment fixed income portfolio.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So it's a pretty good run rate fourth quarter for that...
William Robert Berkley: And I would not think that would -- I think part of it may well be, Jay, that we have chosen opportunistically when to invest our cash, but -- so we may have invested a couple of hundred -- $200 million, $300 million at the end of the third quarter that we invest, in fact, earned some money at -- in the fourth quarter. But in principle, there's no real change.
Eugene G. Ballard: So the yield on the fixed income is -- for the full year, is about 3.6 and 3.5 in the fourth quarter, so it's not like -- it's pretty close.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And if you looked at, for the fixed income, what the new money yields are, if you were to duplicate what you're doing today, what's the spread at this point?
William Robert Berkley: I don't think that we believe our investment income would go down. Probably, it would go down about 12 basis points over the year. But we think we more than make it up in the aggregate because of cash flow.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
William Robert Berkley: Okay. Well, one of the frustrations are we spend a lot of time on these calls talking about a lot of detail, and what we really are trying to do is express the general view about how we feel about the business and where it is. And that sometimes is hard to do because we get immersed in a lot of detailed questions that help people make models work and figure out the little of issues. I think I'd like to try and spend just a couple of seconds on big picture items. Number one, our domestic business is strong. We're very pleased with how it's going. We expect we'll continue to grow at comfortably between 12% and 15%. We would expect our price increases will stay above the 5% area for the year, but it will be spotty. And we're expecting no dramatic increase in inflation, certainly, in the first 6 months of the year. It is hard to tell primarily that's a result of nondomestic investors wanting to put their money in the U.S., which is allowing us to have deficits without creating deficit-funded inflation. We believe that will continue for a while, and therefore, inflation is not likely to change. We think we'll be able to improve our expense ratio modestly with more efficiencies on our part. We believe that we understand a couple of issues that arose in our International business that we've taken care of and addressed. So we're quite optimistic. Our greatest threat, we feel, is, in fact, our investment area. The threat of inflation, the fear of deflation, our sitting there and we're searching for ways to protect ourselves. Overall, we would expect our returns will increase modestly next year, and we're expecting a really good year. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: William Robert Berkley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee William Robert Berkley - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Eugene G. Ballard - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Howard Flinker Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be, in fact, achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Robert Berkley: All right, good morning. We're pleased with the quarter and the direction of things. We'll start our call with Rob talking about our operating results, then he'll turn the call over to Gene and then I'll continue trying to give you a summary and take questions. So Rob, the floor is yours.
William Robert Berkley: Good morning. Market conditions in the third quarter, by and large, were a continuation of the trend that we've seen over the past several quarters. The casualty market and the workers' comp market continue to benefit from rate increases. The professional markets, on the other hand, continue to be a bit of a mixed bag, with EPL pricing as well as private and non-for-profit D&O getting significant rate increases, lawyers also getting rate increases. Having said that, public D&O remains also very much bifurcated between the primary and the excess, with the primary getting meaningful rate increases, while the excess remains somewhat flat. On the other end of the spectrum, the medical space, no pun intended, is somewhat of a bloodbath, quite frankly, with rates continuing to fall off, and the other miscellaneous D&O is also exceptionally competitive. In our opinion, the professional space is probably some 12 to 24 months behind the casualty market when you think about it from the cycle. The property market continues to fray around the edges. Clearly, a result of a lack of cat activity, along with the increasing supply of reinsurance capacity. These 2 factors are clearly putting a fair amount of downward pressure on pricing. Now if we can turn our attention more specifically to our operations. Rate adequacy continues to be a priority for us. We are pleased with the 6.4% of rates that we got during the quarter. More specifically, we got 7% of rate in our domestic insurance operations. Yes, it is very much the fact that the U.S. market is ahead of many of the other markets outside of -- or around the world, I should say, as far as hardening. Rate increases, we believe, will continue to move at this pace for the foreseeable future. It's worth noting that this is the 11th quarter in a row where we were able to achieve rate. And the compounding of this rate on rate, if you will, as we referenced in our press release, is quite meaningful. Obviously, rate in a vacuum is something that one needs to be very careful of. When we think about rate, we need to make sure that we're not experiencing adverse selection as these higher rates are coming through. Our renewal retention ratio is the tool that we look to, to make sure that our rate increases are not creating this adverse selection. And our renewal-retention ratio for the quarter remained at approximately 80%, where it's been for the past several quarters. The other tool that we look to on the topic of pricing is new business relativity, what the rates are for our new business versus a similar exposure in our renewal book. And based on this tool, we're seeing that we continue to get a bit of a higher rate for new business versus renewal business, and for the quarter, it was approximately 2.3% higher. Gross written premium for the quarter was $1.667 billion. This is up 12% from the corresponding period. Approximately half of that, as you may have noticed, was associated with rate. The lion's share of the balance had to do with exposure increase. Auto premiums was not particularly consequential. All 3 segments contributed to the growth, and more specifically, 40 of our 47 underwriting operations contributed to the growth. The loss ratio for the quarter was at 60.1%, which is a 2-point improvement compared to last year. We achieved this improvement in spite of the fact that we had $4 million more in cat losses. On an accident year basis, the improvement was at a similar level going from a 63.7% last year to a 61.5% this year. Finally, it's worth mentioning that we are seeing a continued improving trend with our paid-loss ratio, and this certainly is an indicator, from our perspective, as to how the book is running. In addition to that, when we look forward at our policy year loss picks, certainly we are seeing the benefit of the earned premium coming through over the foreseeable future at these higher rates. With regards to the expense ratio, it was basically flat and coming in at a 33.8%. Gene is going to be touching on this shortly, but to make a long story short, we had a little bit of noise in there, which he'll be speaking to. If you back some of that out, the improvement was probably, give or take, 0.5 point, maybe a little bit more. When you put all the pieces together, we came in at a 93.9%, which is an improvement of approximately 2 points. And if you look at it on an accident year basis, it's probably a similar level of -- or it is a similar level of improvement. While our Chairman is going to be spending some time talking about our balance sheet shortly, I did want to make a few comments as it relates to the topic of loss reserves. Loss reserves are something that we take very seriously. We have historically and continue to have an approach that we feel as though one needs to set initial reserves with taking -- with a cautious approach, with the idea, over time, as more information becomes available, you will tighten up those picks given the fact that you'll have better information. The fact of the matter is that we are in a business where we do not know our cost of goods sold until after the sale has been made. As a result of that, we feel as though that it's important to take a very measured approach in setting those initial picks. This is demonstrated by 27 quarters of positive reserve development, which is quite consistent with our approach, once again, of initially being cautious with picks and tightening as things develop over time. When we look out at the market, we're surprised by the number of people that seem to be talking down the hardening of the market. The fact of the matter is it's simple math and common sense that would suggest that rates need to go up further. While we are aware of the comments that others are making in the marketplace, we are focused on our actions and what we can do to build our business going forward.
William Robert Berkley: Thank you, Rob. Gene, you want to talk about the numbers a bit?
Eugene G. Ballard: Sure, okay. Thanks. As Rob said, we had another solid quarter, highlighted by further improvement in our underwriting margins and increase in investment income compared with a year ago and significant capital gains. Starting with the underwriting, our net premiums were up 11.5% overall to $1.4 billion. Net premiums for the domestic and reinsurance segments were each up 11%, and the international premiums were up 18%. Premium growth was led by our 2 largest lines of business, other liability and workers' compensation, which were up 18% and 13%, respectively. Our overall combined ratio for the quarter was 93.9%, 2 points better than the third quarter of 2012 due to improvement in the underlying loss ratio. That is the loss ratio before cat losses and reserve releases. The underwriting loss ratio was 60.1% in the quarter compared to 62.1% a year ago. The underlying loss ratio improved by 2.5 points each for the domestic and international segments and by 1 point for the reinsurance segment. Just to repeat what we talked about in the call last quarter, a 2-point improvement in the loss ratio is what you get when you do sort of a simple reasonable net test of the underwriting trends. Prices were up 6.5%, and if you assume a loss cost trend of something around 3%, that gives you a net trend of 3.5 points. And if you take our accident year loss ratio from the third quarter of '12, which was 64%, and take 3.5% of that, you get just right at 2-point improvement, and that's what we're showing. Back to the quarter, then. Catastrophe losses were $13 million or 1.0 loss ratio points compared to $9 million a year ago, and favorable reserve development was $33 million or 2.3 loss ratio points, up slightly from $28 million a year ago. The favorable reserve development this quarter was concentrated in our domestic segment. The overall expense ratio increased 0.1 point to 33.8%, and the domestic segment expense ratio increased slightly over 1 point. The reason for the domestic segment increase, there's 3 main factors. First, we are earning less seeding commissions as a result of shifting some of our reinsurance programs from quota-share structures to excess-of-loss programs. Second, we incurred some one-time cost relating to reorganizing parts of our regional business in the quarter. And third, we're continuing to invest in new ventures, including 2 start-up companies, as well as several expansions into new products and territories within existing companies. We expect the revenues from these new ventures to begin to increase in the fourth quarter of this year and offset that expense ratio trend. Our paid-loss ratio for the quarter and for the year-to-date period was 54%, and that's the lowest paid-loss ratio we've had since 2008. That's the main reason for operating cash flow more than doubling in the quarter to over $300 million. Our investment income was up 8% to $126 million in the quarter, due primarily to higher returns for investment funds. That increase was partially offset by a decline in fixed income returns due to lower reinvestment rates for bonds that are either maturing or being prepaid. The overall annualized portfolio yield was 3.4% in the quarter, up from 3.2% a year ago. In addition, realized investment gains were up 61% to $44 million in the quarter, with a majority of those gains coming from the sale of equity securities. At September 30, 81% of our portfolio was invested in cash and fixed income securities, unchanged from June 30. The average duration was 3.2 years, down from 3.3 years at June 30, and the average credit rating was unchanged at a AA-. Our overall effective income tax rate increased to 30% in the quarter, up from 27% for all of -- for the full year 2012. That increase was due to a decline in the portion of the portfolio invested in municipal bonds. Municipal bonds represent 27% of our overall portfolio at September 30 compared with an average of 34% in 2012. So in total, that adds up to net income of $137 million, up 36% from a year ago, and an annualized yield of 12.7%.
William Robert Berkley: Thank you, Gene. Let me try and go through a few things that I think are highlights and important to make sure you understand about where we're going and what's going on and then take your questions. First of all, we see price increases continuing. I had generally thought they would do a little better. I had talked about 6% to 8% with a little more pressure on the upside. There seems to be less pressure on the upside. I would still use 6% to 8% as a range. And in fact, we are seeing some price increases significantly more than that, but I would narrow the range. I think it's going to be hard for us to have 8% going forward. I think it's going to be more in the 6% to 7% range. But there's more erratic behavior out there, so there are some lines of business that we're seeing better increases. So I'm not changing my view, but I'm thinking that the 8% is less likely, although I think we will be better than 6%. So if I were to choose a number, it would still be sort of 6.5% to 7.5% as opposed to 6% to 8%. We still see across-the-board pressures, less so on large commercial risks, especially property risks. The securitization of non-tail risks is having an impact on cat business and those large property risks. There's lots of people who have investment portfolios who are looking for non-related risk profiles, and therefore, you're seeing an increase in cat bonds and other kinds of behaviors. That's going to continue to impact back on the business. We think that people are beginning to recognize that investment returns are going to stay at this lower level, certainly for another 18 months, if not longer. And I'd rather we consider the level they need of underwriting profitability to achieve adequate rates of return. Ever 100 basis points, as we've said, in loss investment income means you need, give or take, depending on the line of business, 4% or 5%, 6%, 7% more in underwriting profit. So whereas historically, people would say, if you're right at a 93%, 94%, 95%, you'd get a good return, today, that number is 88%, 90% kind of a number to get a good return on your capital. So we think there'll be continued pressure on that, and that's beside the fact that prices today, when adjusted for the inflationary pressures on loss cost, are still not even approaching where they were in 2004. So you still have the need for pricing just to get back to those underwriting profits and that doesn't offset the need to make up for investment income. We have been moving our investment portfolio around. We've been changing where we put our money. Our common stock portfolio is moving into a little bit different strategy. You saw we sold a bunch of stock, common stock. It's being reinvested with a slightly different hedged strategy using other kinds of securities, but basically, it's back -- the common stock portion will be back up to where it was before, maybe a little more in a slightly different strategy. While we took down our municipal position and cash increased, again, it was a function of managing our portfolio. You're likely to see our municipal bond portfolio increase, primarily in the 7- to 10-year duration as that's where the yield curve for the moment is most attractive from our perspective. And we're looking to expand that back up closer to the 30% part of our portfolio. I think that overall, though, cash flow continues to be strong and we would not expect the duration of our portfolio to be anything short -- we would expect it to continue to be shorter than our liability duration. While it might go from 3.2 to 3.4 years, it's going to stay under the duration of our liabilities because inevitably, out there, that risk of inflation and increased interest rates is there. So we're investing with a different set of criteria, so we will have less money and fixed income securities and look for other ways to generate investment returns. We continue to strive for and achieve gains of at least $25 million a quarter, excluding our bond portfolio. We think we'll be able to continue that for an extended period of time. We've been able to do that for quite a while, certainly helped by the secular boom market trends, but made up partly of our private equity investments. And we're quite pleased. We think one of the best signs of looking at how our company is doing is focusing on the paid-loss ratio. And our paid-loss ratio, which sort of peaked in 2010, has continued moving downward quarter by quarter, and we're pretty pleased with where we are now, and we think it is likely to continue down. It's a good sign and it's a good way to say, our year loss peak's good. The day was late. It's a good absolute test. The one thing you know in this business for sure is money, and that paid-loss ratio is as good a test as you can get. So we continue to be pretty optimistic. I think that we see continued opportunities. As Gene mentioned, we had a couple of new startups. We added operating units to some of our existing business. It's been an excellent time to find great people interested in companies that are looking ahead instead of looking back. Fortunately, we're in that position. So with that, I'm very happy to take any questions. The operator will start now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Amit Kumar of Macquarie Capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Two quick questions. First is a broader question for Bill on the industry. In terms of comments on aggressive competitors, now we know that these things sort of take time to play out. Do you get the sense that there might be some of these name spacing problems on the immediate horizon, or are we talking more longer term?
William Robert Berkley: Well, some of them have already faced the problems in there in the public domain, Tower, Meadowbrook, Torus, [indiscernible], that people already are facing their problems doing it. There certainly are others that may not be in the same very difficult position of these companies, but who are trying to deal with their problems, who have plenty of capital but are saying, gee, we stepped in the wrong direction, we made some wrong assumptions and are going to withdraw from the business. And I think there's plenty of those. And there certainly are a few more who have gone in wrong directions. There are large global companies who always saw the grass being greener in other places, and they found out it was AstroTurf. And it didn't work out that well. So I think that we've yet to see the dramatic changes these people are having to take. But I think they're all starting to take -- the worst part -- one of the things that's interesting, and I'll digress a moment, is it was hard to believe that the peak pricing was in 2004, maybe early 2005, because the earned premium peaked the end of 2005 or early 2006. But the peak pricing was the end of 2004 or early 2005. Prices went down just a little bit, and then in 2007, they started to go down faster. But there are people who lost a lot of money, and the worst losses probably were incurred in 2009 and 2010 because of the accumulation of those low prices. And if you aggressively wrote business then, you still were writing at terribly low prices in 2011, certainly the beginning of 2011. So those people are just now having to face up to that low-pricing environment. So I think there's quite a bit more of pain to go and a lot of people who are going to say, what are we going to do, and who are very, very short on their reserves for those -- some of those things and are going to have to try to figure out a solution. But everyone doesn't have to go out of business. Some of the people are plenty well capitalized and have plenty of smart people. They just have to face the reality that we have to do something. There will be more, however, than the 3 I mentioned that will go out of business.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. That's helpful. But the only other question I had, and this one is for Rob, you mentioned the new business relativity metric of 2.3%. In Q2, that number was 3.6%. And I'm sort of trying to figure out why would it decline that much?
William Robert Berkley: You mean, why would the -- we're talking about, I don't know, what, 100 basis points?
William Robert Berkley: Yes, you have there, when he said 2%, a little over, 2% or 3%, it was 103% or 102%. It's not very much there. It's like charging $103 or $102.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Rob, I guess there was one question -- or the one comment in the press release, you talked about some standard carriers maybe stepping away from business that they were writing or some specialty business they were writing during the soft part of the market, and maybe that's manifesting. Can you give a little bit more context to that? I mean, what sort of accident years, calendar years are we talking about? And you just -- it doesn't seem, at least, well, I haven't heard of standard carriers seeing a lot of adverse development in -- even in kind of subsegments. Just wanted to get a little bit more context if I could.
William Robert Berkley: Mike, I think the answer to your question is that what we're seeing is it's just a greater number of submissions coming into the specialty market from the standard market. Ultimately, we saw people try -- looking back, if you will, probably starting in 2007 and 2008 and reflecting on the profitability from the prior years, and their natural reaction is they want more so they start to cut rate, loosen terms and conditions and broaden their overall appetite. If you look at, for example, the casualty market and certainly some of the stuff that we participate in, if you figure that the average duration of the reserves is 3-plus years, it takes a little bit of time for that to come into focus. And what we've been seeing over the, I don't know, past several quarters is that's starting to come into focus more and more, and as that is coming into focus, it's forcing a change in behavior of some of the standard market. And again, it's manifesting itself by them beginning to revisit what their appetite is, and again, we're seeing more coming into the specialty market. So it's interesting because you can see the bit of a tug of -- the internal tug of war of some of these -- particularly some of the larger carriers that typically operate in the standard market, and their appetite has grown. They tend to get the underwriting discipline back and ask their underwriters to be pushing for more rate and narrowing the appetite, and then they see what it does to their top line and then they'll send another message sort of the next quarter, so what they want them to do because they don't like it when the top line starts to fall off. So as my father had mentioned earlier, you're seeing a little bit of mixed behavior, where people are struggling with what their appetite should be. But by and large, we continue to see a increasing level of discipline in the standard market, hence, the specialty market is getting more of a crack at things.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And I guess -- and just kind of looking at your growth, I mean, can you talk about the areas where you're growing, kind of the attributes of the business that you like that is causing you pursue growth versus the areas where you're seeing the most rate, Mike? So is it -- if we were to like, which we can't see, but if we were to kind of try and compare those areas that are showing the biggest, the most growth versus the areas we're gaining the most rate, is there a relationship there, a positive relationship there, or are there other factors involved?
William Robert Berkley: I think, clearly, there is a relationship between growth and margin, if you will. And oftentimes, there is a relationship between rate that can be achieved and the margin that you believe you will obtain. Obviously, for our purposes, we're very focused on making an underwriting profit, and we're pleased to see that there are certain lines and classes where we're getting to the point where there's very much a green light and we will not just be growing because of rate, but we will become more aggressive if things continue down the path that they've been on in trying to add to exposure or policy count. I think as far as getting very granular as to where we see the best opportunities, typically, that's not something that we've looked to highlight because we don't think it's in our shareholders' best interests to advertise where we think our best margins are today or where they will be tomorrow. But what I would suggest to you is that oftentimes where the market has gotten the ugliest is oftentimes where you will see the greatest or the most severe reaction and the pendulum will swing farthest going in the other direction, and you just need to make sure that you don't jump back in prematurely.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And I guess more specifically, like with the international segment, I mean, that's been in a kind of double-digit, mid-teens sort of growth trajectory for several quarters now. I mean, I know...
William Robert Berkley: Yes. As far as the international goes, there's really been a couple of things that have been driving that growth. One would be some of the markets that we're in where their economies are doing particularly well and they have been for several years. So whether that's in Australia or whether that's in some of the Scandinavian territory, Norway, for example. Certainly, Germany has fared much better than a lot of Europe, and there has been particular opportunities in the auto space. But -- and then, of course, we've seen some opportunities in Latin America, even though that does come with its complexity as well. So again, the growth outside of the U.S. has been primarily, as far as insurance goes, related to the strength of some of the economies around the world. And as far as reinsurance and the growth that we've had there, that has more to do with, quite frankly, the reinsurance operation that we started in Europe and which has gotten some good initial traction. And again, our reinsurance business down in Australia, that rates in Asia, they have gotten a pretty good bump as well because of the general economic conditions of that territory of the world.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then one real quick one if I could. In the domestic segment, which it sounds like that was the lion's share of development, can you just talk about either the lines of business or the accident years that drove that favorable development?
William Robert Berkley: Yes, sure. I think, as far as that goes and the details, what we would suggest is that you follow up with Gene, if you wouldn't mind, or Karen as to some of the more detail or minutia, and we'll share with you what we can at a more granular level, Mike.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm wondering if you can give us some more information about the noninsurance aviation businesses. They had a very good quarter from a profit standpoint, and I really don't know a lot about those businesses, so I could use an education.
William Robert Berkley: It's just an investment. It's a business that we invest in as we've invested in other businesses, and we carry the costs. And frankly, it's not a fabulous return. It's an okay return. It just suffered a lot in the economic decline, and it's returning to doing sort of what we expected. It refurbishes parts. It sells parts globally. It has a couple of FBOs. It sells used and new airplanes. But there's nothing -- there's nothing extraordinary about it. It's really returned back to the level it was at, but it's doing well. We have really outstanding people, and most of -- many of their competitors didn't survive the economic downturn at all.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you think that the 3Q '13 result is closer to run rate than the last few quarters?
William Robert Berkley: Yes. We would think it would be closer, yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Vinay Misquith of Evercore.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the impact of some competitors taking large charges. So we've seen that recently. Are you surprised that you've not seen a corresponding sort of increase in pricing in the industry because you have some comparison, the weaker competitors taking charges?
William Robert Berkley: You know, the reality is trying to figure out what your competitors do is a Rubik's Cube. We look at what we see and know is going on out in the field and we wonder how that corresponds with their day-to-day behaviors. So yes, it is strange to us about things like that. But some of our most aggressive competitors are facing problems in the business they wrote. And we don't see them dealing with those problems, but we know they will. They have to eventually. It does take time for bad results to get reported in financial statements. But eventually, they do get there, and so we have plenty of companies that are out there that have problems that they have not dealt with, then will come home to roost. And in some cases, as the 2 companies I mentioned, they may not have the resources to deal with them fully, but in others, they have the resources, but it will be a painful process. The real question is, will people try and solve the process or will they behave like ostriches and stick their heads in the ground and pretend they don't exist? And so they are unavoidable, at which time you have crises.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: All right. The second question is just a few numbers question. First is on the net investment income. The yield on the core portfolio was lower than we expected. I think you mentioned that you're increasing the duration of the municipal portfolio.
William Robert Berkley: No. We're going to. That was a pro -- that was a -- I was forecasting, not -- that is not where we are now.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. So just looking into the future, should we expect a roughly flattish?
William Robert Berkley: I would think our net yields will not go down. Part of that decline is we have a lot more cash than we've usually had. We had over $1 billion of cash yielding 0.25%. So that has a huge impact on our yield.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Sure. So the fact that you are putting more money into munis you think will sort of fall as...
William Robert Berkley: I would expect our returns will not go down next quarter.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. And on the tax rate, that was higher this quarter, I believe, also because of higher -- I mean, a lower proportion of munis. Should we look at the 31% effective tax rate as the run rate, or should that go down especially because your [indiscernible]...
William Robert Berkley: I would surely hope it goes down, but that's going to be a question of how quick we can get more invested in munis. And there's a -- tax rate is a complicated series of issues, and you can also -- pardon me?
William Robert Berkley: Because you've got to mention it's also impacted by the size of the realized gains. The realized gains are all taxed at 35%, and that was a pretty big number this quarter.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. So you think that a normalized tax rate would be sort of high 20s, do you think?
William Robert Berkley: Gene is shaking his head because the microphone obviously has a camera.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes. I was shaking it. Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to ask about capital deployment. You haven't done much in the way of buybacks in recent quarters. If that trend continues, it'll be the lowest than -- 2013 will be the lowest year in many years. How are you thinking about buybacks these days?
William Robert Berkley: As you know, Greg, we don't really tell people what we're going to do about buying back stock. Last year, and you may recall, we paid a dividend, a special $1 a share dividend because we had extra capital. We're going to try -- we try and measure how much capital we have, what we do and where are the opportunities. And we make that assessment and try to weigh that over the alternative of dividend, buying back stock and opportunities to deploy the capital in the business. And we would expect to continue to do that. When the time -- when the stock traded down, we bought some stock back. It traded up, we didn't. So we're continuing that same strategy. We think we have more capital than we need at the moment. But we think aggressively buying stock back, at the moment, may not be the right thing. We think that they're, likely, are going to be some opportunities to do something, and we also need to weigh the opportunities of returning cash in the form of a special dividend or increasing the regular dividend if we find we can't buy back stock.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, since you brought it up, the special dividend, was that sort of a -- was the timing on that designed around the increase in tax rates? Or is that opening up a new kind of avenue for you to do it at the current stock valuation? Is that something you'd like to...
William Robert Berkley: We have always told people that there's a trade-off, that managing capital is a key element in the property casualty business. Opportunities to use the capital in the business, one. Two, buying back stock or dividends, special or increase regular dividends. And I think that, that continues to be the issues we face. At that moment in time, the tax issues certainly impacted us to make that decision. It made it a more effective use of a special dividend. But it's still the issue on the table that we have to think about.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Ken Billingsley of Compass Point.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on some comments that were made twice just regarding pricing and your look back to 2004 profitability. And when you talk about the continued need for pricing, obviously, the rates are not moving as quickly up as they did before. Do you at least believe that, that 2004 profitability levels for underwriting are achievable -- unachievable given just where capital is in the market?
William Robert Berkley: No. We think you can achieve the profitability levels of 2004. But what we're trying to say is that even if you get the underwriting returns, then you're not going to get the return on capital that you had then because interest rates are so much lower. So yes, I think that -- I think the prices will continue up for another at least 18 months, if not longer, at which time, I think you'll probably be approaching pricing -- underwriting profitability levels of 2004. However, even when you're at that level, you're not going to have the overall profitability levels you had in 2004 because investment income is going to be down substantially.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: And regarding the new capital that's come in, obviously, it's from -- as you said, from the lines that don't have a tail. But do you feel that, that pressure is going to be put on those reinsurers and international companies to deploy that capital into lines that may, again, more compete directly with standard market business, even in the special market as well?
William Robert Berkley: How long a story do you want?
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: How long do you have?
William Robert Berkley: Not long enough on this conference call. So I'll briefly tell you that when this company went public 40 years ago, the 15th -- or the 16th, the day of the Arab oil embargo. I can still sitting -- remember sitting at my desk and writing the forecast for EF Hutton about what we would do and how we would do it. And I changed one little number and it was an amazing change in the return on capital. And I changed it 0.5%. And who could argue with a 0.5% change? And I suddenly realized how fallacious forecasts in this business were because you made these small assumptions and you built everything around them. I think these capital suppliers who are entering the business entirely based on models and forecasts are going to find out that human judgments actually are of value and important. And a number of them will get badly burned as they step away from the highly forecastable pieces of the business to other parts. So yes, they may step and put their toe in the water in other things, and I can assure you it will be extremely costly and short-lived.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes. A couple of questions, I guess for Gene. Gene, in your prepared remarks, you had talked about the accident year loss ratio by segment or the change from the year ago. Could you go over those again? I missed those numbers.
Eugene G. Ballard: And what were you referring to exactly?
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I believe you talked about the improvement in the accident year loss ratio, excluding catastrophes by segment.
William Robert Berkley: He did.
Eugene G. Ballard: Right. By segment, I did. I said that the underlying loss ratio improved by 2.5 points for the domestic and international segments and by 1 point for the reinsurance segment.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Perfect. The other question was in the press release. As you talked about improving returns, you mentioned the expense ratio. As you think about the expense ratio going forward and any improvement, is it largely simply a function of maybe less investments and simply growth in the business, or are you taking more specific action to reduce the expense ratio?
William Robert Berkley: Let me talk about a few things. There were some expenses that were unique and were likely to recur going forward. That will probably take maybe between $5 million and $6 million out that won't happen going forward. In addition, there was probably $3 million to $4 million of expenses for businesses that generated effectively no revenue. That will have corresponding revenue to some degree in the fourth quarter, although that will still not get up to speed. It will have a less impactful aspect on the fourth quarter and going forward. So those 2 things are more measurable. The change in the reinsurance is going to continue to be impacted as we move from quota share to excess for a number of lines of business. That will be offset over a 12-month period somewhat as we get more earned premium because the nature of taking a quota share to an excess is we'll get more earned premium. But it takes more time to get that through the financial statement. All that being said, we are also trying to focus to be sure that while expenses never were a cornerstone to any insurance company's success, and we don't think it's the guidepost to being a successful company, we do want to be sure we haven't gotten sloppy and that we're paying attention. Do we have the right numbers of people and the right people and the right structures everyplace to ensure that we're doing the right job? So I think that all that together, what we expect will be continued growth in premiums. So I think it's a bunch of different things, Jay. But we would think that you'd very quickly see a substantial improvement in the dollars and a measurable improvement in the expense ratio.
Operator: Our next question is from Larry Greenberg of Janney Capital Markets.
Larry Greenberg - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess, Bill, just a bit of an academic question. I'm looking at the paid-loss ratio, which I too have always thought is an important indicator. But I always thought that was best analyzed in kind of a stable book of business, and the reality is you guys have added so many new ventures that I'm wondering -- I mean, obviously, you know the numbers behind the numbers a lot better than we do. But doesn't it make it more difficult to rely on that as an indicator from the outside when there's so many new activities going on?
William Robert Berkley: Why don't I make -- I'll let Rob make a comment, and then I'll add on it. Go ahead, Rob.
William Robert Berkley: I think the observation is a very fair one that you need to take into account, whether it's a stable environment or whether you have a bit of apples and oranges. Having said that, when we're able to look into our business, obviously, in a different way than you're able to and we look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, the trend is quite apparent. Then the other comment that I would share with you is that when we look at our mature businesses, because again, when you're looking at the younger businesses that are growing a bit more, but when we look at our mature businesses, I mean, look at what's happening with claim counts, we certainly are seeing things move in a positive direction. And in part, that's a result of the underwriting actions beyond just rate increases that we have been taking over the past several years.
William Robert Berkley: I think the other thing is, I don't think you can look at a paid-loss ratio as an independent thing. I think that when we look at it, what we really do is -- and we go back all the way to 2006, and we look at the incurred-loss ratio to the paid-loss ratio and look at how they relate and what are those trends. So what we're trying to say is, "Hey, if your paid-loss ratio seems to be getting out of line one way or the other with your incurred, that probably means you're not reserving enough. If your paid-loss ratio is moving in the other direction, it probably means you're being more conservative." And one of the interesting things is when the cycle gets worse, it absolutely says you're not being more conservative, and your paid-loss ratio goes up. And when the cycle gets better, it's the reverse. And this -- you could have heard me give this speech in 1986. I gave the same speech, but we were a lot smaller company, so nobody paid attention to me, but same speech. So I think the answer is the paid-loss ratio taken alone, independently, doesn't tell you anything. It's when you look at it with respect to the incurred-loss ratio and the direction of things because so many things can impact any number. I mean, it's a problem with the insurance business. Any one number can -- means lots of different things. You have to look at it in the context of lots of other pieces of information. So for us, it's that paid-loss ratio relative to the incurred because the incurred is what's in your financials. So what you're really trying to say is, "Does the incurred make sense?" So if you saw that paid-loss ratio going up and the incurred was not, then you should worry. If the incurred is going down and the paid is going down, it's a good directional sign.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Flinker of Flinker & Co.
Howard Flinker: Bill, you're right that forecasts are 179, 180 degrees wrong, except at the Fed, where they're omniscient. They're always right. I've got a question for your memory, Bill. About 3 or 4 years ago, when the rig in the Gulf of Mexico blew up, in about 3 days or so, you said you would pay all claims. And it seemed like a pretty foresightful idea to acquire more customers. From your memory, did that pay off?
William Robert Berkley: Yes. The answer is, our guy who ran that business is named Frank Costa. He did a wonderful job. And he was a real expert in the business. And he went out and, in fact, his vision was correct, that people appreciate the fact that we stepped up and wrote a check, and that business has grown. He's done a wonderful job.
Operator: Our next question is from Ron Bobman of Capital Returns.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: I think Larry Greenberg might be the only person on this call who may have heard you in '86 make that statement, Bill. I had a question on reinsurance, and I'm wondering if you're seeing, in the context of Berkley, buying reinsurance? Any knock-on effect, whereby traditional reinsurers are showing themselves to be more aggressive and more competitive in selling intermediate- and longer-tail reinsurance coverages by virtue of the more competitive and shortage of opportunities for them to sell the shorter-tail new capital-focused line?
William Robert Berkley: I think Rob will have comments in addition to mine on this. But I would say that the reinsurance marketplace is still reasonably disciplined, but on the longer-tail lines, but it is certainly more competitive than the direct side of the business. And everyone is feeling the pressure of new capital entrants and concerned about where and how that's coming. That's why Berkshire Hathaway went into the large E&S business, because they felt the pressure of capital. A big capital account wasn't enough just to get the business any longer. There were lots of people competing for that. Rob, your view, just thoughts?
William Robert Berkley: All right. I think generally speaking, clearly, there is more competition that has come into the property cat space. Trying to draw a clear correlation between the behavior of many reinsurers as a result of some of this alternative capital coming into the property cat space and how that's driving a -- possibly a change in behavior in the casualty market, I think it's probably a little bit early to reach a conclusion.
William Robert Berkley: So as I said, I think there's pressure, but it's not -- you're not showing anything dramatic other than in the cat space.
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Farnam of KBW.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I just -- can you provide any color, maybe, on the 2 new start-ups that you're talking about?
William Robert Berkley: One would be -- Gene, these were in your comments. I assume that the ones that you're referring to is design professional within the architecture and engineering space?
Eugene G. Ballard: And the -- a regional company in the Southeast.
William Robert Berkley: And then, of course, our new regional business, which we -- I believe we announced perhaps last quarter, but it's still getting in the process of up and running this quarter, which will be focused on the Southeast. And as we've discussed in the past when we've chatted about our regional model, we feel as though one of the differentiators between a regional model and a national carrier is a focus on a particular territory. And we have reshuffled a couple of things so we will have an operation that's dedicated to the Southeast. And also, as a result of that, we will be able to focus another operation even moreso on the Mid-Atlantic and another regional company on its core territory. So those are the 2 start-ups. It's architects and engineers and it's the formation, which I believe, again, we had announced last quarter in the Southeast.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one quick follow-up on the international segment again. I'm sorry to keep asking on this. But the underlying combined, as you said, was 250 basis points better. How much did noncat weather contribute to that year-over-year improvement?
William Robert Berkley: For the international segment?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes.
William Robert Berkley: Well, the noncat -- the cat activity was minimal in both last -- the third quarter of last year and the third quarter of this year. So that didn't impact it...
William Robert Berkley: No significant improvement because of...
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Like the model, Bob, whatever the -- whatever large but not cat losses were that are inside the underlying, was that -- that wasn't materially different?
William Robert Berkley: No, sir.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So I guess the question is, then, I mean, is rate in excess of -- is it rate is running in excess of loss trend in that segment, so that's what helped contribute to the margin expansion, or is it mix or something else that helped to drive that year-over-year improvement?
William Robert Berkley: I'll take a crack, and then I think Gene will probably correct me. But I believe it certainly had something to do with rate. It certainly had something to do with mix. And then, of course, the other component as far as the combined ratio goes is the expense ratio is getting better as that earned continues to build. As, Mike, you recall and we've referenced early in the call today, we've had a reasonable amount of growth in that group of companies, and we have for some number of years. So we are really starting to see the benefit of that higher earned coming through, and we're able to leverage that expense base with it.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe I might have misheard. I thought Gene had said it was 250 on the underlying loss. Was that...
Eugene G. Ballard: Right.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, so it wasn't -- so it was mix and then...
Eugene G. Ballard: Those 2 points -- in other words, it was 2 points for the overall company and it was 2.5 points for international, as they benefited a little bit more. Their rates were not out of line with the rate increases for the rest of the business. So it...
William Robert Berkley: They also had some benefits from expense. Rob was just adding the additional information.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, got it. Okay. And then just maybe my math might be faulty here. But just from Gene's comments, it looked like there was some adverse development there in the fourth quarter. If that's right, and like I said, certainly, my math can be wrong, but if that's right, is the driver of that development different than what it was in the third quarter?
William Robert Berkley: Well, first of all, it was the third quarter was the adverse development. You said fourth.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. No, third. No, no, no, that would be -- yes, sorry about that. Third versus second. I'm ahead of myself by a quarter.
Eugene G. Ballard: And what was your question, then?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess, what was the driver of that development? So there was adverse development in the second quarter, and then, if my math is right, there was some adverse development in the third quarter.
Eugene G. Ballard: [indiscernible] Yes.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Were those similar drivers of -- in terms of what caused that adverse development, or is it just individual policies here or there?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, it's similar. It was a modest amount. It wasn't any difference between where it was coming, coming from the same source, basically.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And that was, as a book of business, that was which area?
William Robert Berkley: I don't think we've mentioned it.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
William Robert Berkley: All right. Well, thank you all very much. We appreciate -- we're quite enthusiastic about the balance of the year. Clearly, capital management is on the forefront as we go forward. We expect continued price increases, and as I said, I sort of bring my band a little closer, from 6% to 8% down to sort of 6.5% to 7.5%. But we're quite optimistic and expect the balance of the year and next year to generate returns well within the range of our expectations and continue to have capital gains in line with the recent past. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee William Robert Berkley - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Eugene G. Ballard - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott G. Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2012 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Thank you very much. So we were pleased with our quarter. We think it demonstrates our lack of volatility and our ability to continue forward in this environment. And we would expect the underlying results to continue to lead the process. I'll make a lot more comments after Rob and Gene. And -- so why don't we start with Rob talking about our results? Go ahead, Rob.
William Robert Berkley: Okay. Thank you very much. Good afternoon. The second quarter, by and large, was a continuation of the trends that we saw in Q1. Primary comp rates continue to move up at a healthy pace. And we're pleased to see that it would appear as though the excess comp market has touched bottom and is showing early signs of improvement. The geo market, both from a primary and excess perspective, is getting some rates, and it would appear as though the momentum is building and the umbrella market is right there along with it. On the other hand, the professional market is a bit more of a mixed bag, depending on the class, also depending on where you are in the tower. Primary public D&O rates continue to move up at a healthy pace. Having said that, if you're farther up in the tower and the excess space, it would seem as though things are more flat to up to plus low single digits. Private and not-for-profit D&O are also getting some rate as the P&L[indiscernible], but then again, on the other hand, the medical space remained very competitive and perhaps increasingly competitive as is the miscellaneous D&O. The property market, while rate is still available, best as we can tell, would seem as though the market is losing a bit of momentum. It's a bit surprising, quite frankly, that this would be the case on the heels of Sandy, as well as an active tornado season in the Midwest and, of course, the floods in Europe and Canada. Well, quite frankly, it doesn't seem like it's giving the marketplace much reason to pause. The property market has always been one that's made us scratch our head from time to time. When the earth shakes or the wind blows, it seems as though people choose to back that out of the results. And when Mother Nature is kind to us, it seems as though people call it brilliance. The but for story or excuse presumably at some point is going to begin to get a little bit old. Now if I can turn your attention more specifically to our results during the quarter. Rate adequacy and underwriting margin remain a paramount focus for us. We are pleased with the rate increases that we got in our insurance operations during the quarter, coming in at 6.5%. This is reasonably consistent with what we've seen over the past several quarters. More specifically, 43 of our 47 underwriting units achieved additional rates. We were comforted by the fact that our renewal retention ratio remains at approximately 80%. This gives us a piece of mind that while we're achieving this additional rate, we are not undermining the quality of the book. Our new business relativity metric came in at 3.6%. This is a metric that we talked about with some of you in the past. It's our effort to try and compare the rates that we're getting on new business with our renewal book. We think that this is an important metric because, obviously, you want to make sure the new business that you're adding to the portfolio, in no way, is undermining or diluting the margin in your book. And, in addition to that, obviously, new business as opposed to renewal business you know less about, so consequently, some type of surcharge would be logical and appropriate. New business relativity metric is something that, quite frankly, we don't understand why more market participants don't focus on. There is no doubt it is not a perfect formula, but it is a meaningful data point. Our conclusion is that others must do it, they just may choose not to discuss it. During the quarter, gross written premium was $1.617 billion, up 13% over the second quarter in 2012. As I mentioned earlier, part of that was driven by the 6.5 points of additional rate. A little bit over 6 points was due to exposure, and the balance was due to audit. All 3 segments contributed in a meaningful way. And more specifically, 39 of our 47 underwriting operations contributed to this growth. The loss ratio on a calendar year basis for the quarter came in at a 62.8% versus a 63.7% for the corresponding period last year. We are pleased with this result, given the fact that we had $8 million more associated with cat losses during the second quarter this year. On the topic of tax, we had a total $34 million of losses during the quarter. The lion's share of the losses stem from severe convective storm activity in the Midwest. Gene is going to spend a bit of time on the loss ratio, as well as on an accident year basis. But I thought I would tuck in the comments that on an accident year basis, we came in at a 64.2% compared to a 66.3% for the same period last year. And lastly, on the topic of losses, I wanted to mention that the paid loss ratio for the quarter ran at a 55.1%, which, again, is not a perfect indication but perhaps an encouraging sign as to what the portfolio is running at. With regards to the expense ratio, we were pleased with the improvement coming in at a 33.8%. This is an improvement of 8/10 of 1%. The main driver is to the improvement, and the expense ratio is due to the building of our earned premium. As we have discussed, over time, this will be happening. We expect this to continue to improve over time, as we are able to further leverage the platform that we have heavily invested in over the past several years. When you put all the pieces together, we ended up with a combined of a 96.6% compared to 98.2% for the second quarter last year. On an accident year basis, the improvement is similar to approximately 2% -- or 2 points, rather, excuse me. With regard to the balance sheet, I believe our Chairman is going to be spending a bit of time talking about this, but I did want to tuck in one quick comment, and that is related to our loss reserves. We are very comfortable as an organization with our loss reserves in the aggregate. We have a large number of people that work very diligently every day to make sure that the loss reserves are appropriately managed and what they should be. Obviously, there's no substitute for time. And with the passage of time, it will become apparent how successful we have been in managing this. Having said that, the second quarter of this year represents the 26th quarter in a row of positive reserve development for the group. But perhaps that gives a bit of comfort. Another subject that has come up more recently will have to do with the marketplace overall, whether the rate increases that have been achieved over the past several quarters are sustainable, whether the momentum will build, whether it will maintain or whether it will erode. When we look at the marketplace, we are convinced that, at a minimum, rate increases will remain or increase from here. When you look at the continued growth in assigned risk plans, as insurers are forced to accept the market of last resort, when you look at the commercial line space overall and the number of accounts that are leading the standard market, making their way into the specialty market and the E&S market, as the standard market narrows its appetite, it also provides further evidence that there is more tightening going on. But putting those data points aside, there is the fundamental reality of the economic model of the industry. The lower interest rates and the impact that it's having on industry investment returns is here and coming into focus very quickly, and undoubtedly, that is putting further pressure on the marketplace to look for ways to increase underwriting margin. We, as a group, feel very comfortable with the position of our organization. We believe we're quite well-poised to take advantage of not just the markets here in front of us today but where we see it going tomorrow. That's about it for me.
William R. Berkley: Okay. Thank you, Rob. Gene, do you want to talk about the numbers a bit?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes, I will. Rob covered a lot of the underwriting, so I'll just add a few brief comments on that and then cover investment income. It was a good quarter for us, again, especially in terms of our underwriting results. Underwriting profits more than doubled from a year ago, and that's due to a 12% increase in earned premiums, as well as the decline in both our loss ratio and expense ratio that Rob mentioned. The increase in gross premium, 13%, that is made up of domestic insurance business increased by 13% as well, global reinsurance by 17% and the international insurance segment by 15% in local currency terms and 11% in U.S. dollars. Our reinsurance costs were in line with last year with ceded premiums, excluding assigned risk business, running at about 13% of gross premiums in both years. So that leaves us with net premiums of $1.3 billion for the quarter and $2.7 billion year-to-date, both periods up 13%. Overall combined ratio improved by 1.6 percentage points to 96.6%. On an accident year basis, before cat losses, our loss ratio declined by 2.5 points and our GAAP expense ratio by 0.8 point, with all 3 business segments reporting declines in both ratios. The cat losses that Rob mentioned of $34 million includes $27 million from storms in the U.S., mostly in Midwest and Southwest regions, as well as $7 million from the European floods and other non-U.S. events. That gives us an accident year combined ratio, including cats, of 98.0% in the quarter, down 3 points from 100.8% a year ago. And finally, with respect to underwriting of prior-year reserve, we developed favorably by $18.5 million. That compares to $30 million in the second quarter 2012. And the favorable reserve development in '13 was concentrated in our domestic insurance segment. Turning to investment income. Our investment income was $144 million in the quarter. It's down 11% from the prior-year period. The decline was related primarily to investment funds. Although our investment funds had a good second quarter in 2013, with an annualized return of over 11%, fund income was still down from an unusually high return of 22% in the second quarter of 2012. Income from the rest of the portfolio was down $4 million, as lower fixed income returns were partially offset by higher returns for the merger arbitrage business. The overall annualized portfolio yield was 3.9% in the second quarter compared with 4.4% a year ago. Realized investment gains were up $9 million in the quarter, with most of the gains coming from sales of equity securities and investment fund positions. Unrealized investment gains were $328 million at June 30. That's down $190 million from the beginning of the year. Most of that increase occurred in the second quarter, as benchmark rates for treasuries increased by 65 basis points and quality spreads widened. As of the end of the quarter, the portfolio remains at 81% cash and fixed income securities, with an average duration of 3.3 years and an average credit rating of AA-. During the quarter, we repurchased 776,000 shares of our stock at an aggregate cost of $31 million. We also issued $350 million of 40-year trust-preferred securities, with a 5 5/8% coupon, and we repaid $250 million of trust-preferred securities, which had a coupon of 6 3/4%. Our second quarter earnings include approximately $7 million of expenses related to the early debt extinguishment. The overall effective tax rate was 27%, unchanged from a year ago, and that gives us net income of $160 million -- excuse me, $116 million, and an annualized return on equity of 10.8% for the quarter.
William R. Berkley: Thanks, Gene. So I'm going to try and take you through a few highlights that I think are important to focus on. First of all, be sure you understand, if you may recall, the first quarter of last year, we had higher price increases than in the second quarter. It really is an aberration, having to do with the nature of what's priced when. We don't think pricing momentum has changed or gone down. June is always softer than the rest of the quarter. It's softer than the first 6 months, in general. We think it picks up. We don't see any changing in pricing momentum at this point in time. Lots of brokers are trying to push prices down. That's in their interest. It's wonderful to say. And they keep talking about how much prices have gone up. But if you look at the profitability of insurance companies, insurance companies have always made their money from investment income, and investment returns are down substantially. And, in fact, in the world we live in today, investment income for the kinds of portfolios that cautiously manage property casualty companies have -- you're going to have to see from 50 to 150 basis points decline in your portfolio as you reinvest the money because you have your highest-yielding, longest-term investments maturing or -- being pre-funded -- pre-refunded, and you have to invest that money. So the fact is you're facing serious changes in what's going off your portfolio and what you're able to invest in. The alternative is to bet on no inflation for an extended period of time, which is not something we're prepared to do, nor are most of our competitors. Overall, we continue to have as the biggest single part of our portfolio being municipal bonds, although that is a smaller portion today than it has been, and corporates are now a bigger portion, not quite as large as municipals but a much bigger portion than they have been historically, it's purely based on maturity, yield and opportunity to invest. We continue to be modest players in the equity market and search out particularly unique investments that we think offer us good returns. At this moment in time, we think that we'll be able to find some of those, but not enough to keep all our cash flow and our maturing portfolio fully invested. So we would expect a modest continuation in the decline in portfolio returns. Overall, though, we're pretty pleased how things are going. We think we'll see a continuing improvement in our combined ratio in the balance of the year. As our earned premium from higher rates come through, we would expect at least another point, maybe more, maybe 2 points in combined ratio improvement, inclusive of -- part of that coming from the expense ratio. And we're pretty optimistic that it's going to end up being a good year with a really good return on our capital. We think that in spite of the brokers pounding the table, that rates have gone up enough, they're just not looking at the real cost of capital and what's happening to returns for their property casualty companies that they do business with. With that, Sayyid, I'd be happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: My first question relates to the topic of pricing. Rob said that rates, I guess, will remain the same or probably increase from here. If I go back to the comments you made previously, you had said that pricing could be 8% to 10% up by year-end 2013. Are we on track? Do you still think we're on track for that? Or has that thought process changed?
William Robert Berkley: It's Rob. I don't recall exactly the words. But what I was trying to suggest is that we think the level of rate increase that we are getting today or in the second quarter, if you like, which was 6.5%, that we believe that you will continue to see that and it is likely to build from here, which sort of ties into the comments later in my commentary that if you look at the economic model of an insurance company, much of the rate increases people have been seeking stem from their concerns having to do from loss activity. And the impact, which is even more leveraged of investment income declining, is likely to force people to raise rates even beyond what they had done to date.
William R. Berkley: Yes. I think that his comment really tied right into what I was talking about, which is that price increases will continue at the 6.5% or higher. So I would expect what I said before is our view as well. We still are optimistic that 7%, 8%, give or take, will be the level of increases by the end of the year.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: So we have gone down because as I said previously, we were -- and, again, I don't want to parse the words here, but you were thinking of 8% to 10% and then now we are...
William R. Berkley: No, I'm being more cautious as I was at the second quarter of last year because I always am surprised that the second quarter, you may recall, my comments the second quarter of last year, I was a little cautious because the rate increases were not as much and then they came back to be in the 7s the second half of last year. So I'm a little more cautious, but no, in principle, I don't have any different feeling. You are parsing words, no offense. Does it mean 7% or 8% or 8% to 10%? The answer is the midpoint is sort of an 8% kind of rate increase. And so we are really quite optimistic.
William Robert Berkley: And I guess we typically don't break out this level of detail, but if we look at our rate monitoring for domestic insurances, it's pretty much there right now. So the 6.5% that we shared with you includes activities outside of the United States. If we focus solely on insurance in the U.S., it's right where we're talking about it would be.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. And maybe just going back to the discussion previously on a new entrant in this space. Can you sort of refresh us or maybe just talk about what impact you might be seeing from the new entrant?
William R. Berkley: What company are you talking about?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: We all know what it is. I mean, are you seeing the team or is that a matter of accounts...
William R. Berkley: There is no new entrant in our space. That's why [indiscernible]. If you're talking about Berkshire Hathaway, they're in a lot of people's space but generally not in our space. They may come in some of our space, but our space is much more people-intensive, broker-intensive. They're not interested in our space. They have few good people writing large risks. It's not the heart of what we do. Our biggest risk is probably not big enough to be their smallest risk. Will they eventually move into areas that we do business? Could well be. But for now, they're just not in our space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: More of my questions for Gene. I wanted to walk through a little bit of the book value per share move between this quarter and last quarter. I assume it's obviously mostly investment losses and whatnot, but can we go to where that's happening?
Eugene G. Ballard: Where the investment declines are?
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Is that munis? Is that corporate? Is that across the whole book?
Eugene G. Ballard: It's across the book. Munis and corporates would be the majority of it because that's where a lot of our investments are, but it's across the book, fixed income book.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. And does that mean, and maybe it's a counter for better pricing, that it's going to be difficult to grow book value in a rising and straight environment? I mean, obviously, we know that's true intuitively, but is that -- is this quarter anomalistic? Or does a 35-basis-point increase in rates eat up and then some of possibly book value growth?
William R. Berkley: We don't believe that in a short period towards the end of the quarter, 65- or 75-basis-point change in interest rates is sort of a normal change. And we don't think it's continuing. Clearly, if we have 65- or 75-basis-point increase in rates, given the short duration of our portfolio and new cash flow, our rising investment income would very quickly offset that. And obviously, we've kept a relatively modest duration in our portfolio. So it's painful, but it's reality. There's good and there's bad. Higher investment income and your unrealized gains go down in your bond portfolio, but that's how life is sometimes.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And on the currency translation, given -- I'm just surprised there was a...
William R. Berkley: I'm sorry. I can't hear you.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the currency translation, I'm surprised there was a currency translation gain in the P&L in such a tough quarter. Maybe there's something behind it that I don't understand?
William R. Berkley: Well, nobody gave us any credit for the fact that sterling went down at the end of last quarter. It came back in the past quarter, and that was the biggest single part of it. We have a lot of money invested in sterling.
Eugene G. Ballard: We also have some foreign branches that have their functional currencies, their local currency, and they have investments in U.S. dollars. And in the case of the Australian branch, for example, the U.S. dollar appreciated in that's FX gain for them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on -- I think you had mentioned the expense ratio was going to begin improving more than -- it is improving now, and we see a pickup in that in the back half. I just wanted to clarify. Did you mention that's going to be as much as 100 basis points in, say, 3Q, 4Q?
William R. Berkley: No. No, we didn't say that.
William Robert Berkley: I think what we said was that we were pleased that the improvement in the expense ratio was what it was. And we think that it's an example of exactly what we said would happen as the earnings continue to build and we could leverage the platform. Furthermore, it's our expectation, as that earnings continues to build, that you will see further benefit coming through.
William R. Berkley: And the specific we said was we expected the improved loss ratio and expense ratio would end resulting in probably a couple of hundred basis point improvement in the combined ratio by the time we got to the fourth quarter.
Eugene G. Ballard: I'll just add that I think 0.75-point improvement in the expense ratio over 1-year period is in line with our expectation. It's not bad. Remember, you've only got sort of 10% -- sorry, 1/3 of your expenses that are going to improve because the commissions sort of stay where they are. So it's only the 12% to 13% that's left that's going to improve as a result of the earned premium increases.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then something that was in the release, I don't know if it was mentioned in the commentary, but you mentioned, I guess, some capital gains for the balance of the year. And I think in the past, you had some private equity stuff coming through. Do you anticipate more harvesting or something? Or...
William R. Berkley: We have said to people that we expect continued capital gains in the balance of the year. We've had in excess of $50 million of capital gains so far this year. We would expect certainly some level of additional capital gains. You never can time those exactly, but there will be some certainly this year.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So continuation there. Okay, great. And then the last is just -- more just stepping back. If you'd set out in '10 and said you get 18% cumulative pricing, here we are 3 years hence, if you just look static at the combined ratio, projected for '13 versus '10, there's not a whole lot of improvement, a couple hundred bps, but it's not what I would have thought, plus 18%...
William R. Berkley: The answer to your question is we think we've probably been a little cautious in examining where things are. And we would expect that more of that result will come through to the bottom line, as we are more comfortable with this lower inflation rate -- lower medical cost inflation rate particularly than we had anticipated. We have assumed a fairly higher medical inflation rate in our reserving than has, in fact, come out. So you'll see, as we have become more certain, that, that is not going to come and bite us. I think some of that 18% will become visible in our reported numbers over the next 12 to 18 months.
Eugene G. Ballard: The 18% is a written calculation, though, in our basis, price increase will be a little less.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So Bill, that will be -- well, I guess, if the current medical loss trend holds, then it would come through as higher reserve releases?
William R. Berkley: There's some improvement to come as there were some caution and concern over what would happen in all of the changes in our medical issues and health care issues. And there was caution in our part in our reserving for that part of our book of business, which is not insignificant.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. Will it come through as a reserve release or as an accident year?
William R. Berkley: No, no, no. Come on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question would be the impact actually of Berkshire. We know that they don't play in the same lines of business that you guys play, but just curious on the overall market impact. Do you think that your competitors would now seek to write smaller business? And how hard is that going to be for them to do that?
William R. Berkley: First of all, the skills and distribution required to write the kind of business we do is really quite different than what they do. Second of all, Berkshire is going to write at a profit. My friend, Mr. James [ph], is absolutely determined to get his share of the market, but not, I emphasize not, at any cost. He's going to write the business where he thinks he can make money. And nobody should be afraid of that competition. He's going to give good service, give good capacity. And he's going to want to share the market, and he's going to do it through those basis. But he's not going to be a price cutter. Some people have entered the business to buy their share. I think Berkshire, by and large, is going to try and do it in other ways using their capacity, their credit and their ability to put large lines down. But I don't think most of the people we compete with have the market position or the underwriters to move down to write smaller risks. Eventually, could that be a problem? Of course. Eventually, they all can write personal lines, too, and then you should worry about State Farm and Allstate. But for now, I think they're going to have a battle. And I think it's more likely that some of the non-Berkshire companies may decide to cut price to hold onto market. But I don't think Berkshire is going to be a market leader in pricing. I think they're going to be -- try to be a market leader in capacity and quick answers because that's something they have.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes. Fair enough. I mean, my concern was more about the non-Berkshire companies than the Berkshire companies.
William R. Berkley: I'm not really worried there. A bunch of them that compete in that area, they don't compete with us. And it takes a huge amount of infrastructure and lots of people and lots of systems to write the kinds of business we write. It just isn't the same thing.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. The second question is on the top line growth in the domestic insurance. We've seen the gross written premiums sort of slow down over the last 3 quarters. Just curious what's happening there. And do you expect to continue to slow down for the near term?
William R. Berkley: Rob?
William Robert Berkley: I think that we have seen -- we have seen a little bit of a slowdown. Having said that, there's nothing, as far as market conditions go that lead us to believe that you're going to see the growth slow down altogether. Obviously, we're getting healthy rate, which on its own is going to help drive the growth. And as we've seen margins get to the point that we find particularly attractive, we'll be working very hard to try and add policy count, and we, as a group, are all on board with that idea. I think part of the slowdown in the growth has to do with some of the startup companies. As we've discussed with you and others in the past, when the companies first started in their infancy, there's a fair bit of low-hanging fruit that they're able to grab because of prior relationships, and then they have to work through it every day like everyone else. I think some of that low-hanging fruit is gone, and now we're out there chopping away just like everybody else, trying to build a business in an intelligent way. I think the big driver of growth is going to be how much rates move up and when we start to see more and more parts of the marketplace get to the point that we think the margin that's available is particularly attractive, and then we will be opening up the spigot even wider.
William R. Berkley: But putting all that aside, our goal has always been a focus on profitability, and that's going to continue to be the case. We like to grow as much as we can, but it's always a goal of profitability first.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just one numbers question. For the net investment income on the core portfolio, can you give us a breakdown between the fixed income, real estate and equities, please, if you have the number?
Eugene G. Ballard: What we've disclosed in the release is the arbitrage return and the fund return in then the core portfolio. I don't have a further breakdown for that for the rest of the portfolio here, but we'll have some more of that in the 10-Q. And you're welcome to call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just have one question, first off. I saw a lift in reinsurance premiums in the quarter. It's a little bit more than we expected. Could you just talk about, first off, maybe, what drove the change for you? And second, if you could just give a little context on what you're seeing in that market. I'm assuming most of that is casualty reinsurance business. But if you could just give us a little context that would be great.
William R. Berkley: Rob?
William Robert Berkley: Yes. First, the lift in the reinsurance, that was primarily coming as a result of growth in our reinsurance activities outside the U.S. And probably, the lion's share of that growth outside of the U.S. from the reinsurance segment was coming from our European operations as it's getting up and running.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then as far as your growth, otherwise, I mean, are you growing in areas where you're seeing exposure growth in areas where you're seeing the most rate? Or how should we think about what's driving top line growth, whether it's in that reinsurance segment or elsewhere? Is it rate or...
William R. Berkley: No. We write very little property cat in our reinsurance portfolio. That's not something that we choose to focus on. We write a little bit of it but not in a big way, hence, that's why you consistently see us underwrite it as far as natural catastrophe as when you look at what our results are compared to most organizations of our scale. So that's by design. The growth, as I suggested earlier, is mainly -- or it's more than half at this stage coming as a result of rate. And then where we find attractive margins, that's where we are trying to expand the business from an account or exposure perspective as well. Those opportunities present themselves, Mike, both domestically, as well as outside of the U.S., both in the casualty lines, as well as some of the property-like shorter tail lines.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then I think you also alluded, too, a bit in your comments, Rob, the amount of your business, and forgetting reinsurance, obviously, but the amount of your business that is syndicated business, so primary access versus just Berkley writing in a whole risk policy.
William Robert Berkley: Yes. I don't have the specific number off the cuff, but I would suggest to you that the lion's share of what we do is, from a policy count perspective, is where we write the whole risk. So, for example, approximately close to 90% of our policy count are policies that have a limit or capacity of $2 million or less, so don't hold me exactly to those numbers, but it's pretty close. So when the comment was made earlier that we play in a different part of the universe than many of these other commercial markets, that hopefully puts it in perspective.
William R. Berkley: And, by the way, you can extend that there's probably 98% of our policy count that's $5 million or less. So it doesn't -- it's really very small number of policies that are out there and compete where the Berkshires and the AIGs, for the most part, compete.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Got it. And then just one last one, just on the balance sheet a bit here. So debt to cap, if my count is right, it's about 33%. So that's up a little bit from some new debt and then the negative impact of AOCI and then, I guess, the buybacks. That's a relatively high level for you. If I look back historically, I think it was higher last year. It was close to that level last year. But if I remember right, you guys have prefunded some debt at the beginning of '12 that was set to mature later in the year. How should we think about that, I mean, in terms of propensity for buybacks or the potential impact of further negative marks if rates continue to rise? Where are you comfortable with that number being? And...
William R. Berkley: We're at the high end now. I think that we wouldn't want to go consequentially more than this. If we went to 34%, would it be all right? It was -- because of market bonds to market, that's consequential risk we take. But, in general, the stock buyback came. It was a reflection of our capital gains that we realized outside of our ordinary income stream, and that's sort of how we look at buybacks at the moment. We think our capital base is sort of at the leverage point where we're okay, but we would expect it to start to come down. But everything also depends on the level of risk at any moment in time. We actually see the risk in the business at the moment declining because we see opportunities that will present themselves. So we think our underwriting margins will expand. So our returns will go up, so therefore, the risk relative to leverage compared to returns will be better. By the way, that ratio, I think, is closer to 32% to 33% at the moment. And our goal is to sort of move it down from there closer to the 30% level or...
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. I mean, I guess, the question will be, I mean, if rates do continue to go up, I mean, I would imagine that we'll continue to see that mark-to-market come through for you and for others. Do you weigh that less? Or did the rating agencies or whoever you're kind of -- you want to make sure is satisfied with that, is that a factor that you'll kind of take into consideration separately? Or is that kind of all baked into your hope to kind of -- or expectation to kind of have that quotient gravitate lower?
William R. Berkley: Everything is baked in, because if it wasn't, we wouldn't be doing our job. That said, we have a relatively short duration portfolio. It's 3.2, 3.3 years. And that's after our various mortgage portfolios' durations moving up a little, with everything else moving down. And they moved up because as interest rates move up, the duration on those things could extend. So we think we're in pretty good shape. We have pretty good cash flow, not great cash flow. We think cash flow is going to pick up. So we think that the duration is moving down. And therefore, automatically, as we move towards the end of the year, that duration is going to come down, our cash position to reinvest at higher rates, assuming rates really move up significantly. But honestly, we're worried about inflation less today than we were yesterday. And we think the positive impacts on inflation in our business would be much greater than the negative impact on inflation on our bond portfolio. Historically, this is a business that has done much better in inflationary times than otherwise. So yes, we have that concern, and we certainly have that worry. But if we start to earn the kinds of money we expect, we can certainly handle any impact of the decline to bond portfolio without any worry at all.
Operator: Our next question comes Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Markets.
Scott G. Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: You guys formed a new unit in the quarter. Obviously, you're optimistic about the market. But are you seeing a lot of opportunity to add new units in 2014, assuming market conditions are kind of standing where they are? Or is that mostly just going to be kind of a ramp of the existing units that you've had in place for the past few years?
William Robert Berkley: Scott, this is Rob. From my perspective, I think in all likelihood, you're going to see a fair bit of organic growth through existing operations over the next several quarters. As far as new operations, we certainly are constantly talking to people. We try and be selective. It's hard to know exactly what opportunities will present themselves tomorrow or not. So it's difficult to speculate as to whether we'll be starting many or few or no new operations next year. But certainly, we've continued to be out there and open to discussions. But many of them, certainly, we would expect there will be meaningful growth coming from the already established companies.
William R. Berkley: I think, Scott, it's more likely, given that we see it, is that we're going to find groups of people or pieces that we would add to where we are or what we're doing as opposed to whole new units. We have lots of units that can expand and find opportunities to do things. So I don't think you're going to see as many new units, if any, over the next 12 to 18 months. But we may add groups of people who fit into one of our other businesses. So you shouldn't take that we're not going to be out there seeking and talking to teams of people. So it just looks likely there'll be new units.
Scott G. Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Sure. That's helpful. And then just a quick question on the revenue from the wholly owned investes. That's been up quite a bit year-over-year for this year. Just wondering if there's -- is there a lot of seasonality in that line? I know it's mostly private -- I think private equity aviation investments. Is that a good run rate to use?
William R. Berkley: It is. The aviation business made an acquisition, and it's running at a much higher rate than it did last year. So I think that third quarter is a good -- second quarter, rather, is a good indication of how it's going to run through the balance of the year.
Scott G. Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: All right. And then just a last question, just on the investment portfolio. Do you expect to see -- obviously, you don't know what the market is going to do, but do you expect to see corporates kind of continue to move up as a percent of portfolio as munis then move down as a percent of portfolio, which is I guess what we've seen in the last year and a half?
William R. Berkley: In fact, recently, it went the other way of, let's just say, in the past 30 days, we probably invested $150 million, $175 million. $100 million, $125 million went to munis versus $50 million into corporates because that was the relative attractiveness. It was wonderful. Detroit declared bankruptcy, and suddenly, the whole municipal market was terrible for a short time. And people redeemed their municipal bond mutual funds, and there were opportunities. So we're an opportunistic investor. I think that, overall, at one point, we had over 50% of our portfolio in munis. We're not going to get there. But as far as the balance going between, let's just say, 28% and 35% in the municipal market, that's a function of opportunistic investments.
Scott G. Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And did you have any exposure to the Detroit bankruptcy on the muni side?
William R. Berkley: No. And, by the way, I sort of chuckled a little about everyone talking about the $18 billion Detroit disaster, but I think only $1 billion or $1.5 billion of that were municipal bonds, the rest is the pension funds. So it wasn't quite as big a disaster for the municipal market as people thought.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. The first one was just numbers one that I missed. The share buybacks in the quarter, I know, was modest. What was the number of shares?
Eugene G. Ballard: 776,000.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the total price, Gene?
Eugene G. Ballard: $31 million.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, separately, I guess the one line of business in the U.S. that kind of jumps out as far as growth goes is other liability, and that can mean so many different things to different companies. I'm wondering if you can give us a little bit of insight into what's driving the growth in that line of business.
William Robert Berkley: E&S.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And what class is the business, Rob?
William Robert Berkley: Yes. Really, Jay, it's across the board. It's across the board. There is certainly some in the professional space, as well as some in the excess and umbrella space as well.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: You've suggested that you're seeing a shift into E&S from standard markets. Can you quantify at all what your submission activity looks like in your E&S businesses?
William Robert Berkley: I don't have specific metrics to share with you on this call, but certainly, we are seeing signs of a growing number of submissions coming our way. But unfortunately, I'm sorry, I don't have any specific metrics to share with you at the moment.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the conference back over for any closing remarks.
William R. Berkley: Okay. Well, we thank you, all. We are exceedingly optimistic. We think our numbers have been cautiously presented. We've been a little more pessimistic than seems appropriate about our medical inflation. And we expect that as we're more and more comfortable with where those numbers come out, I expect that it will result in more positive outcomes for the balance of the year and into next year. Thank you, all, very much. Have a great evening.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee William Robert Berkley - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director and Member of Executive Committee Eugene G. Ballard - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words, including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statement should not be regarded as a representation by us as future plans, estimates or expectations complemented by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of our business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Thank you very much. We were really pleased with our quarter. I think that -- a number of things I'd like to just comment on, and then I'll turn it over to Rob. First of all, you'll see our change in format as we try to address what we think is a better presentation as an ongoing basis of how to look at our company. That's an evolutionary process, and we think this gives people a better picture, in part because our various segments seem to move around and overlap and no longer gave a good picture of our ongoing business. Second of all, I think that the growth that we're showing, an increase in prices, is coming into our financial statement, as we've tried to in fact explain on a slower basis, and one what might have expected. But we're really enthusiastic about it continuing to build over the balance of the year. And we're very optimistic as to how things are going. So with that, I'll let Rob talk about our operations and we'll turn it over to Gene, and I'll come back and make a few more comments and answer questions. Rob?
William Robert Berkley: Good morning. Through the first quarter of the commercialized market continued to experience further gradual tightening. This ongoing trend seems to be primarily fueled by concerns stemming from prior year reserve development. However, the low interest rate environment is also beginning to have a real impact on investment income and consequently, overall profitability for the industry, and people are beginning to recognize the issue and react. There has been a lot of talk about this over the past couple years, but we're now beginning to see it translate into action in the form of greater discipline on the underwriting side. We believe these factors will sustain the market improvement. While on the surface, market conditions during the first quarter appeared consistent with the second half of 2012, there were a number of signs that a sense of urgency is on the rise. The combination of continued strong growth in the assigned risk plan and less competition for certain large accounts with a noticeable spike in submissions coming into the specialty market from the standard market is evidence that we are likely to see further tightening as the year progresses. The overall casualty market continues to firm, as companies are looking to raise rates, as well as reduce capacity or line [ph] size. While the professional market lagged the broader market, it is also now showing signs of improvement. Although in general, the excess lines continue to be more resistant to such changes. The workers' compensation market was also somewhat of an anomaly, with discipline returning to the primary market, while the excess space remains surprisingly competitive. One can only assume the explanation is the difference in the duration of tail and that companies are not yet recognizing that their excess business was underpriced. The commercial auto market, aviation and marine market all continue to remain quite competitive. However, given the industry results, we are anticipating a noticeable shift over the balance of the year. Finally, the property market. While improvement rates are available, they are less robust than one might expect, given the global cat activity over the past 2 years. We continue to emphasize the importance of rate adequacy and underwriting margins throughout our organization. The company's rate monitoring of renewal business for the first quarter indicated an improvement of 7.3% over the corresponding period in 2012. Our new business relativity metric indicated that we charge roughly 2% more for our new versus renewal business. All 3 business segments contributed to this improvement in rate, for both new and renewal business, though not equally. More specifically, about 4 of our operations did not contribute to balance contributed. This is the ninth quarter in a row the group achieved additional rate and consequently, the fifth quarter that rate on rate was achieved. Cumulatively, our written rates are up 15% in 2010 and our prices are on level with where they were at the beginning of 2005. Of course, loss cost have risen since then and interest rates are lower, so there is still more work to be done. As in the past, we continue to believe we are obtaining this improved rate without jeopardizing the quality of our books, which is demonstrated in part by our renewal retention ratio continuing to remain at approximately 80%. We continue to believe these 2 meaningful data points demonstrate that the group's underwriting margin is improving. Gross written premium for the quarter was $1.63 billion. This is an increase of 16.4% when compared with the first quarter of 2012. When you take a closer look at the breakdown of this growth, 7.3 points came from rate, 8.5 came from exposure growth and audit premiums added 0.6 points. Our international insurance and global reinsurance segments grew by 25% and 23%, respectively. While our new businesses are contributing to the growth, they are not the sole driver. 37 of our 47 underwriting operations reported increases in earned premiums during the period. For the quarter of the company's calendar year, loss ratio was at 60.4%, an improvement of almost 2 points compared with the first quarter last year. The improvement in the x cat accident year loss ratio was about the same, as cat losses and reserve releases were comparable to the same quarter a year ago. Perhaps more importantly, the company's paid loss ratio was 53.8%, which is the lowest it's been in several years. Our expense ratio for the quarter was at 34.3%, a reduction of approximately 0.5 point. This is gradually improving as our earned premium continues to build momentum. We expect this trend will continue. However, it is impacted from time to time by costs associated with the development in new operation. When you put it all together, the company produced a combined ratio of 94.7%, which represents an improvement of approximately 2 points. As the year progresses, we expect this trend to continue, primarily due to the benefits that both the expense ratio and the loss ratio will gain from higher earned premium, as well as improved rates. We continue to be comfortable with our balance sheet due to the strength of our investment portfolio, as well as the health of our loss reserves, as evidenced by 25 consecutive quarters of positive reserve development. The company continues to subscribe to a general philosophy that in the aggregate, it is better to err on the side of caution when selecting initial loss ratios and adjust accordingly as more information becomes available. The market continues to tighten, evidenced not just by higher rates and the power of compounding of these higher rates, but is additionally supported by the narrowing appetite of the standard market, once again demonstrated by growth in assigned risk plans, as well as increased submissions into the specialty market. Our company remains well poised to take advantage of this improving market.
William R. Berkley: Thanks, Rob. All right, Gene, do you want to take us through the financials, please?
Eugene G. Ballard: Okay, thank you. Before I go through the numbers, let me just take another minute to describe the change that Bill referred to and the way we define our business segments. First, the new domestic insurance segment is really just an aggregation of former specialty regional and alternative market segment. And over the time, the distinction between these segments has become a little less relevant from a financial reporting perspective. As Bill said, that's because many of our profit centers, especially the newer ones, don't just write one type of business. It falls within one category or another. Therefore, they don't specifically fit in a subsegment, and we felt it was better to combine them. The other 2 segments, international insurance and global reinsurance are the same as we've previously reported, except that we moved 2 companies, Berkley Re Australia and Berkley Re UK, from the international segment to the reinsurance segment. You'll find -- you can find an exhibit on our website that presents our historical financial results under the new segment alignment. By the way, we also recently completed a significant change in our statutory financial structure. Effective January 1, 2013, all of our U.S. insurance business is being reinsured to our lead company, Berkley Insurance Company, under a 100% intercompany pooling agreement. This will significantly reduce our administrative and regulatory costs. And we also think having all the business in one annual report will provide more useful statutory financial information. Now with regard to the financial results, it was another strong quarter, underwriting quarter with an overall increase in underwriting income of 70% from a year ago. The improvement was driven by a 12% increase in earned premium and by lower loss and expense ratios for each of our 3 business segments. As Rob said, gross premiums were up 16% to $1.6 billion. Ceded premiums were up more than that. It's 30% due to 2 things: higher reinsurance limits, as well as strong growth in some of our newer companies. We tend to buy more reinsurance for companies in their early years, while they are developing a sufficient spread of risk. You should also note that approximately 1/3 of our ceded premium is business ceded to state-assigned risk plans and related self-insured entities that we administer. Net premiums were up 14% to $1.4 billion, with increases of 12% for the domestic insurance segment and 22% each for international and reinsurance. For the domestic insurance, the growth was led by our E&S companies and our monoline workers' comp business. The international growth was mostly from our businesses in the U.K. and Europe and the increase in reinsurance was driven by growth in Asia Pacific region and the U.K. Changes in foreign exchange rates had minimal impact on the international growth rate. In terms of our combined ratio. Just to add a few comments to what Rob had to say, the combined ratio declined by 1.8 percentage points to 94.7%. Underlying loss ratio before cats and reserves declined by 2.62%. Prior year reserves developed favorably by $24 million, almost unchanged from $25 million a year ago. All 3 business segments reported favorable reserve development this quarter, with the majority of that coming from the reinsurance segment. Cat losses were light again, at 0.4 loss ratio points, unchanged from a year ago. And the expense ratio improved by 4/10 of a point to 34.3%. Because we're growing so significantly, we've talked about this before, we also look at our direct written expense ratio, that's before ceded premiums and DAC, because we think it's a more current measurement of our expense trend. And on that basis, the expense ratio declined a full point to 30.6%. Investment income from our core portfolio was down $2 million to $121 million, with annualized yield of 3.6%. Income from investment funds was $11 million, with an annualized return of 5.7%. Although the investment fund income was in line with our expectations, it's well below the 18% returned -- return that was earned in the first quarter of 2012. The difference is mainly due to energy funds that had a especially strong earnings in the first half of 2012. Realized gains from investment sales were $20 million during the quarter and pretax unrealized gains were $804 million at March 31. At the end of the quarter, 81% of our portfolio was invested in cash and fixed income securities, with a duration of 3.3 years and an average credit rating of AA-. Unrealized gains were up slightly in the quarter, but a 6% decline in the British pound exchange rate resulted in an unrealized currency translation loss of $46 million. About 1/3 of that decline has reversed so far in the month of April. So that gives us net income of $117 million and annualized return on equity of 10.8% and book value per share of $32.19. And if you adjust for the special dividend we paid in December, our book value per share is up over 11% for the last 12 months.
William R. Berkley: Thanks, Gene. So we are pretty pleased with how we're going and where things are going. There were some things that were unusual, as the volatility. We're well hedged on the euro. We are investing in sterling still. That decline in sterling at the end of the quarter did cost us in book value. Although as Gene said, between 1/3 and 1/2 of that is back already, and we think that sterling is a better alternative for us than the euro at the moment. We do have a number of investment alternatives that we think will protect us over the long run from inflation. But in the short run, we're less concerned with inflation because we think the dollar is still the place to go and we think that foreign flows into the U.S. will really keep inflation under control, certainly, in the next 12 to 18 months. So we're feeling a little less pressure for inflation being around the corner, which is causing us not to be in such a rush to shorten the duration of our portfolio. As far as our own opportunities, we're seeing growth in almost all of our operating units. And there's a lot of volatility as people leave segments of the business that they entered without properly positioning themselves, and we're finding good opportunities with people and relationships where we're able to step in and gain market position. It's clearly becoming a marketplace of the haves and have nots. And for the haves, it's going to be an excellent next few years. So with that, Kevin, we're happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie Capital.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Just 2 questions. First of all, just going back to your pricing comment and the shift to -- from standard to specialty markets. Do you get the sense that perhaps we will be able to hit double-digit rates by end of 2013? Or do we stay in the 7% to 8% range for the remainder of the year?
William Robert Berkley: Amit, this is Rob. I think that it would just be speculation. Certainly, there are lots of data points that would suggest that pricing leverage in favor of the carriers could potentially build from here. At the same time, I'm not sure if it's such a perfect science that we can call it with any -- within any 90- or 180-day period. So are the fundamentals there? Does the pressure continue to build that would drive further change in behavior and looking to achieve as far as rate? Absolutely, that is the case. But our ability to answer your question with a level of precision that you're looking for, I think is a stretch. Having said that, it certainly is a distinct possibility.
William R. Berkley: I think, Amit, the one external factor that's here today that wasn't here in the last cycle is we have an economy that's not as robust. And that's going to keep a little more pressure on the marketplace. So I think that it's not as much as an insurance question as an economic question. There is plenty of pressure for improving rate as needs for returns. On the other hand, you do have that economy that is improving, getting better but not at a robust rate.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. And secondly, I guess related to that is the discussion on loss-cost trends. And I know you spend a lot of time talking about, I guess, using a 3% number on the past calls and why maybe that's what your views, but trends might be even better than that. Has anything changed on the loss-cost trend front? Or is it still pretty much the same what we discussed about on the last call?
William R. Berkley: I think that we would generally -- based on what our actuaries see, with medical costs and everything else, we would say it's generally steady. I think because of less pressure on inflation overall, we would have expected a little more pressure, and there's definitely less pressure. But I think that to be more optimistic at this moment would probably be foolhardy. So I think that we would still sort of stick at that 3% level. And be happy if it came out to be 2%, that will be great. But I think we're going to still stick at the 3% level.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Got it. Final question, and I know you've given us the chicken today, feathers tomorrow analogy in the past. There's a lot of discussion on third-party capital entering the reinsurance marketplace and providing additional capacity to the market, which already has a lot of capital. Do you have any thoughts on third-party capital, and even perhaps utilizing third-party capital back to reinsurance to write some lines which you might not have written in the past?
William R. Berkley: Third-party capital or, if you will, capital provided by various pieces of the capital markets, ranging from private equity funds and hedge funds to banks have been available for a while. I think it's an interesting avenue. We've used it on occasion to provide us with reinsurance. However, our own view at this point is we're not really interested in the uncertainty or the volatility that those kinds of returns offer us. We have looked and considered providing services to some of those people, and for the moment, don't think it's where we want to go. We believe that when we do that for someone, we're still putting our name on that risk variant fees business, and it's just not -- it's not something that we're going to do tomorrow. If we think that we can do it in a way that provides a return for them and fees for us and they're willing to accept the volatility, we might well go there as these markets develop more, but we're not ready to do it tomorrow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So one question I had, I guess, is in growing now. I mean, are you able to find areas where margins on business you pick up is consistent with or are consistent with the margins that you're seeing on your retained book?
William R. Berkley: The pricing on our new business is in general 2% higher than on our renewal book [ph]. So in fact, the answer is yes. In fact it's a little bit better. But you think it needed to be a little better because you don't have the same experience, you don't have the same knowledge, so the certainty of your underwriting skills is not as good.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. I mean, it makes sense -- I guess, and this may be a really basic question, but who is giving that -- who is not writing that business? So if the business is at good margins, maybe better margins, what is causing that business to be available?
William R. Berkley: I think in general, what's happening is you've got lots of people who are more concerned with the quality of their insurers and are saying, "We need to be sure that people are here." So you have people going for stability, going to people who they know knew will be there. I think you've got several larger companies that are trying to sell themselves, trying to get out of business that's bringing up business and people are saying, "We don't want this. We'll pay a little more to have stability." And like everything, there's turmoil in the marketplace in some segment or another always. So I think that's going on, people aren't reunderwriting their books of business. So it's not like there's 1 company, but there's probably 2 or 3 medium-sized companies that are currently going out of business. And so I think that what we will do is look at the list of the companies that people like Goldman Sachs are selling. And that those customers are the ones who are creating opportunities.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, okay. And then could you give a little bit more color, you mentioned primary versus excess. I thought that was really interesting, just kind of the competitive dynamics between those 2 different distribution-placed businesses?
William R. Berkley: Rob?
William Robert Berkley: Yes. I think that obviously, we can't specifically pinpoint what is driving others' behavior, but we are noticing a great difference as to the tone and the attitude when it comes to pricing of primary versus excess in a couple of parts of the overall marketplace. Our hypothesis or theory is that the excess tends to take a little more time for the results to come through and for people to recognize the issues that they may be facing, as opposed to a primary where the consequent has come through in a more timely manner, which is why you're seeing people respond to the primary more quickly.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you think part of it might be -- I'm just curious, if have to do with the fact that to write this traditional business, you need more infrastructure, you need fully built-out claim system. And then maybe if you're writing higher mid-layer excess, maybe you need less than that. Is that a possibility? Or is that not likely?
William Robert Berkley: I guess it's a possibility. But based on what we see, it has less to do with expense ratio and more to do with perhaps a lack of underwriting discipline and how long it takes for, when you're in the excess layers for that to become apparent, the excess comp probably being a great example of that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it, great. And then just one last one, if I could. What are the attributes that you look at when you're -- you mentioned new startups, and I would imagine a lot of that is still taking place outside of the U.S. What are the attributes that you look at in terms of deciding where you want to grow? I'm guessing and we've heard from other folks that pricing is still better in the U.S. than outside of the U.S, I'm guessing, you just have a longer lens in terms of what you want your profile to look like, but any color there would be helpful.
William R. Berkley: I think that we'll let Rob give you the answer, the specifics. But I think that our strategy, as opposed to the specifics to your question, is always an opportunistic one. It's not here's what we're going to do. It's finding the opportunity that presents itself. So you want to...
William Robert Berkley: Yes. I mean, our general approach when we're looking for opportunities is on a macro level the same domestically, as well as outside the United States. We're looking for market opportunities which we think is a sustainable opportunity. We want to differentiate based on intellectual capital and expertise as opposed to purely just capacity because that makes you write for becoming even more of a commodity. As far as your comment about the U.S. versus the non-U.S., I think to paint with such a broad brush to say that price increases in the U.S. are better than outside of the U.S., I think that is a bit of a broadbrush. Certainly, there are markets outside of the U.S. that remain more competitive than our domestic market here, perhaps Europe being an example of that or parts of Asia. But ultimately, when we look at opportunities, whether they'd be in the U.S. or outside of the U.S., we're looking at it from a risk-adjusted return perspective. Obviously, when you're doing business outside of the U.S. in some jurisdictions, you need to take into account the environment or the country risks, which we factor into the analysis. We don't have the luxury of investing in operations that hopefully a decade from now will start to generate a return. That's not our approach or philosophy. At the same time, we're prepared to, both domestically and outside of the U.S., invest in opportunities that we think, over the foreseeable future, will help build value for the organization and the shareholders.
William R. Berkley: To try and be a little bit more specific as to what our general process would be, somehow or another through referral or someone we know, we would find a group of people who we think are talented. We've examined their expertise, the market they do business in, country, specialty, whatever. We'll evaluate what we think is the risk adjusted return, the volatility, the exposures, the size, if it's fit within the group, what does it take to do it, and then try and move forward. It would be possible but not usual that we would say we want to be in this business. It has happened, some of our units got started because we said we want to be in this business.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then would you -- lastly, did you evaluate those opportunities based on local interest rates, local country and equity risk premiums? Or do you kind of centralize that?
William R. Berkley: It's all based on our risk-adjusted return. But understand, the risk is related to wherever it is, whatever lines of business it is. So obviously, the risk of doing business in some places is much different than the risk of doing business in others, either because of the line of business, the nature of the country, its legal system, whatever.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Bobman with Capital Returns.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: Last year in your -- in the excess worker's comp market, your main competitor was bought by one of the giant Japanese companies. And then at year end, that same main competitor took a massive reserve addition. I'm wondering, it's a big seasonal renewal in that line of business, January and I think the summertime. So I'm curious if at 1/1 or of late, whether you're seeing some behavioral change from that competitor.
William Robert Berkley: I'm not going to speak specifically about the one competitor, but we'll speak about the market in general or competitors as a group. Certainly, we are observing a somewhat change in appetite and attitude. Quite frankly, I don't think we're seeing the same level of competition that we saw 12 months ago. It's not to suggest at all that -- that rates are dramatically going up and that there's been a sea change in behavior. But certainly, the blind leading the blind doesn't seem to be the case any longer.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: I think you should say the blind leading Berkley, not leading -- they were the blind ones I thought, But according to your -- to Bill's commentary...
William Robert Berkley: No I think that they are the blind ones, but I can assure you we are not following them. Having -- so long story short, as far as excess comp goes, it's not the free-fall that it was in maybe last year and prior. At the same time, certainly, we are not seeing the excess comp market react the way we have seen the primary comp market over the past quarter or 2.
William R. Berkley: Understand, the excess comp market is the epitome of risk in this environment. And that is because it's such a long tail line, inflation is inevitable to impact their cost of claims because you have -- the average duration of about 17 or 18 years and you know you'll have inflation long before we get to that point in time of a substantial degree. And you have the discount based on current interest rates, if you're cautious. And if you're not cautious, you choose an optimistic interest rate. And that optimistic interest rate could cause you to have a huge difference in your pricing. So the combination of optimism as to low inflation forever and higher interest rates than we currently have can create differentials in price of 50%, and you can justify it. And just you have to worry about retiring before you have to pay the piper.
Ronald David Bobman - Capital Returns Management, LLC: So are you -- just to follow up, so are you -- so I would think that the rational [indiscernible] would pull -- you'd pull back your writings dramatically in the line like that, sure of getting rate increases...
William R. Berkley: No, it just means you have to adequately price and make rational decisions. And in fact, our writings are down substantially. How much are they down now roughly?
Eugene G. Ballard: They're down probably about 40% from where they were at the peak.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: The first question is on the pace of growth, and it's been pretty healthy the past few quarters. Just curious on what the outlook is going forward. I mean you seeing higher pricing, I guess more business is now becoming attractive to you. Do you see the pace continuing? Or do you see the pace slowing down from these levels?
William R. Berkley: Rob?
William Robert Berkley: As far as -- I'd like to make sure I understand the question, as to whether we see rates continuing to progress at this level, is that what you're...
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: No, it's really about the top line growth.
William Robert Berkley: The top line growth. Certainly, it really depends in part as to how we see the market harden from here. We would expect that the -- many of our businesses have quite a bit of runway in front of them and the opportunity to grow, as we've suggested to you and others in the past, we feel like we have the fundamental platform in place for our business to be able to grow dramatically beyond what it is. It's hard to know with certainty what market conditions will be tomorrow, which will play a big role in defining how big we can get and how quickly we can get there. There's nothing that is in front of us right now that leads us to believe that we are not going to be able to continue to grow at a healthy pace since -- once again, as we mentioned earlier, there are signs that the market may continue to tighten even from here, which will give us more opportunity to grow the business.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Second question was on the accident year loss ratio improvement. That was about, say, roughly 200 basis points. Your rate increases are about 600 to 700 basis points and loss-cost trends of 300 basis points. So I would have expected maybe slightly more margin improvement. So is that just a normal lag between...
William R. Berkley: So I'm going to let Gene explain, and don't expect it to make sense but Gene will explain.
Eugene G. Ballard: I'll try. So really what happens is for every 1% change in net trend, and by net trend I mean price increases less loss-cost trend, equals a 1% change in our loss ratio. But a 1% change in our loss ratio is 6/10 of 1 point, not a full point. So we would expect for every point change in that net trend, 6/10 of 1 point change in our loss ratio. So 3 -- we're estimating round a 3-point improvement in net trend, 3.5 maybe. That equates to about 2 points in the loss ratio.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, I'd have to follow up on the math later.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yes.
William R. Berkley: And why don't you -- he'll go through it with you.
Eugene G. Ballard: Be happy to.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then the last question, if I may. On the arbitrage account, I noticed that you put a significant amount into the arbitrage account this quarter. So 2 questions on that. So do you expect that to remain at these levels for the future? And what's your normalized expectation for that?
William R. Berkley: The arbitrage account goes up and down almost daily, okay? It was -- that was what it was the end of the quarter. But if you go up or down pretty dramatically based on opportunities that are available at that point in time, it's just the user of cash. And it's -- from our point of view, we can convert 90% of that to cash within a day or 2. So for us, we actually got into the arbitrage business 25 years ago because it was just a short-term way to use cash and a lot better return than cash. So historically, it's given us a return of probably 300 or 400 basis points net of all expenses and so forth above cash returns, and we would expect to continue to do that. In fact, it's probably, in the long run, probably it could be more like 500 basis points better than cash. But at the moment, it just -- it went up because there were opportunities to do things at the end of the quarter. That's all. And I think that could come -- it wouldn't be surprising for that to be down by a few hundred million dollars at the end of the second quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Billingsley with Compass Point.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Question I have is on the rate increases -- I'm sorry, the growth that's occurred in the quarter. After backing out rate increases, where is the growth coming from? Is it from recent startups? Or is it grabbing market share with existing lines of business? Where is that mix of growth coming from?
William Robert Berkley: It's really a combination. And as we had suggested, much of the growth was in our reinsurance segment in our non-U.S. business percentage-wise at least. And as far as the reinsurance goes, the lion's share of that was coming from non-U.S. reinsurance activities. And as far as the international insurance business, that's really coming from, at this stage, all over, ranging from South America to our Lloyd's operation to some of our activities that are in our European business, as well as our insurance activities in Australia.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: I would imagine the comments that you made aren't necessarily domestically related. So for some of the international business, is that -- is the competition less there? Or is it just organic growth?
William R. Berkley: I'm sorry, could you repeat that? You didn't come through.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Sorry, about that. The -- just repeating the question is I would imagine your comments about competition backing away and creating opportunity does not just mean domestically related. So in the international business, is that organic growth? Or are you seeing the same trends both domestically and internationally?
William Robert Berkley: The answer is that the change in appetite is perhaps a little bit more or behavior is a little bit visible domestically, but we certainly are seeing that in some places outside of the United States as well. I think also some of the growth that we have is where we participate in markets or economies where they have been just going through a great boom. And as a result of that, we've been benefiting as well. So whether that be a place like Brazil or Australia, as far as our European business goes, certainly Germany has fared reasonably well and Norway has done quite well also. So I would suggest to you the -- while it does apply across the board, the market dislocation, if you will, is more the case domestically. And outside of the United States, while there is a bit of market dislocation, the growth has more been as a result of the economies that we operate in and benefiting from the momentum they're enjoying.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: All right. But there's been some comments recently that maybe regional competitors and especially renewal business -- I'm sorry, new business is being more aggressively priced than renewal business. Obviously, you guys commented that you're getting about 2% more. Not asking you to comment on, obviously, other people's events. But maybe why are you able to -- maybe your trend seems to be counter to at least what comments are coming out this quarter?
William Robert Berkley: Well, I think -- well, not using names, we're happy to comment on what other people are doing and explain to you how that's different from our philosophy. There seems to be others that are interested in what we would define as buying market share or buying accounts with the approach or philosophy that when it becomes a renewal, they will make up for that, raise the rates and they look at it somewhat prospective of the total value of account. We struggle with that a little bit because to the extent you can finally get your rates where they need to be and it's a hard market historically, when it is a hard market, you do not have to have bought business, you can write as much business as you want at good prices. So the idea buying it upfront doesn't really resonate with us. We have a philosophy that you should charge more for risk and that applies to the organization on multiple levels. Presumably, you know more about an account that you are renewing than business that is new to you. As a result, there is more risk with a new account than a renewal account. So you would think that you should have some type of surcharge for that additional risk. So again, I guess, on 2 fronts, it really just -- the difference is philosophy as it relates to buying market share with the attitude that you'll make up for it in the future with your rate increases and also how you fundamentally view the risk that comes along with new business versus renewal business.
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: Yes. Last question I have is on the excess workers' comp business, you talked a bit about that. Could you explain what is the typical reporting time lag between losses from the primary side as it actually impact the excess carrier in the case of workers' comp?
William Robert Berkley: It's certainly north of 3 years and probably north of 5 years. It really depends on attachment point and how the deal is structured, if you will. But it -- certainly, it takes longer to figure out your issues in the excess comp world than it does in the primary. There is no doubt about that and probably the difference would be at least 2 years.
William R. Berkley: So in part, you have to remember that excess comp is in fact very similar to comp reinsurance. And again, you have to see how the claim develops, see how the underlying risk develops. There -- a small percentage of the claims you know right away. But the vast majority of the claims, even disability claim takes time to know whether people will get back to work, whether they're going to be permanently disabled, whatever, and that's the place where it really runs into big amounts of money. So it takes time. And then the question is when you find out about it, do you set up the adequate reserves to start with? Or are you a newbie in the business and you think that this is more like primary comp and you don't recognize the nature of how large a reserve to set up?
Kenneth G. Billingsley - Compass Point Research & Trading, LLC, Research Division: So in these issues, it's not necessarily the fact that -- historically looking at the loss ratio for the last few years have been kind of poor in that space. And though it's improving, it's still pretty bad. It's more of a case of the medical inflation trends that they're not capturing?
William R. Berkley: Well, it's not just the medical inflation trends because lots of it is just rehab cost, what's going on with drugs, what's going on with -- I mean, it's a very complex business and it's the discount rate you're going to use on claims payments. You want to be optimistic or pessimistic on the discount rate. And the discount rate can double the amount of reserve or cut it in half. So there's a lot of variables that have to do with judgment.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Farnam with KBW.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: Not to keep hammering at the excess workers' comp piece, but obviously, you said that you think competitors have issues if they're not looking at the discount rate correctly. But -- so have you changed your assumptions in the -- basically your inflation assumptions in the long-term reserves there? And what are you looking at?
William R. Berkley: Well, we always use the current discount rate of current treasury market. And each year is -- a piece of the market. So reserves that were set up in 2006 will have, let's just make up the number, 5%, then the reserves we set up in 2012 might have 2%. So it's average of the historical discount rate and we buy long-term bonds to try and match that for that piece of our portfolio.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: All right. So basically the business you put your -- the reserves you're setting up now are sets with the expectations over the current rates in...
William R. Berkley: Yes, and then what you really have is a composite rate of all those years that gives you hopefully the average.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: I think we probably all agree that this is a fairly unique period in the pricing environment and the industry and some...
William R. Berkley: I assume you mean that the prices aren't going up as fast as they should.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Yes, yes, yes. That would be one explanation. But you've got some saying it's not a hard market, some saying it's not a classic hard market, some wondering that we're now going into round 3 of price increases and could it continue. So I'm just curious, you've got your antenna up, obviously. And if anything is out there that might truncate the momentum that we have in pricing right now, what do you think it is? Or where might it come from? What would be the characteristics of that segment of the market that could get in the way of this momentum?
William R. Berkley: There's really nothing that I see, but we're in a strange world. And you never know what can come out there. I think that we have more sophisticated managers for what I'd call the haves in the insurance business. And they understand that they can't continue running a business pretending there's underwriting results and there's investment income, and they're separate. The reality is with investment income down so dramatically and older portfolios coming off, you need more underwriting profitability. So if anything, there's more and more pressure to gain underwriting profits because we've had a longer and longer time where those old bond yields are going off. And we have a longer duration on average than most of our competitors. There are lots of people who had 2.5 years and their duration is down to 1.8 years, and that's a lot of pressure. You've got to make it up. And some people are making it up because they're going more to do more speculative things, some people are extending the duration on what they're buying now. There's a lot of strategies people are following. But the reality is with investment returns down a lot, you've got to get underwriting profit. So there's nothing I see that's going to change that trend for certainly through next year. I think there will be continued price increase pressure through this year and through at least next year, with increasing pressure, honestly, as we get towards the end of this year and into next year.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Great. And then I'm pretty sure I misheard this and -- from Gene, and I...
William R. Berkley: He does these things.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: And listening to the conversation, I'm almost certain I misheard this. But I thought he said that a lot of the growth in the domestic insurance piece was from monoline, and I thought he said your monoline excess workers' comp company.
William R. Berkley: No, no, monoline workers' -- our monoline workers' comp. We have monoline workers' comp company that's been able to grow. It's -- well, actually, we have several that has been able to take advantage of the market. Not our excess comp. That business, unfortunately, has still not grown at all. He has a lisp.
William Robert Berkley: I think he's slow down.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: It might be my hearing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I do have 3 questions, and they're relatively short. The expense ratio, well, down from a year ago, did pick up from the past several quarters. I'm not sure if there's any seasonality in that number.
Eugene G. Ballard: Not really, but we've talked about this before, the more growth we get, the more of a drag this DAC has on our numbers. And also I mentioned in my comments, the reinsurance, so we're playing a little bit more reinsurance. We have a lower net premium base, and so that also impacts the ratio.
William R. Berkley: I think that the change in the DAC accounting probably cost us 0.5 point or something close to it on expense ratio. And the buying of more reassurance, as we have a disproportionate number of new startups where we don't have a real spread of risk, probably cost us something like a similar amount. So I think as we go through this year and into next, I would expect -- unless our growth accelerates, which of course is possible. But if it doesn't accelerate, I would think that, that spread should start to diminish.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. The second one also, numbers question. The paid loss ratio, you had mentioned, Bill, there was a -- it looks like it's the lowest number in almost 5 years. Is there anything to read into that? Or is that just normal variability in paid claims quarter-to-quarter?
William R. Berkley: So I'm going to answer before the lawyer could wave to me. And the answer is yes, you should read into that. You should read into it the fact that we think we're continuing to be cautious because we're using a higher trend than some of our competitors and we're being cautious in establishing our reserves. But as you and I have talked over many years, Jay, paid loss ratios are the one thing you can never hide behind. You can't avoid that. And I think it's a very good sign as to directionally where things are going. And while one quarter doesn't make the difference, I think it's a number that people should probably pay more attention to.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And the last question on the debt. I guess, you retired, I think it was a couple hundred million dollars of debt in a quarter that was maturing, where is the debt to capital now post that retirement?
Eugene G. Ballard: 31%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Locraft from Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Most of mine have been answered. Just one I'm wrestling with is just your ROE versus your peers. Those that have already reported, all of them are at much higher levels. And yet, you guys run with higher balance sheet leverage in the underwriting and investment side. So can you help us think about why the business engine is running with a lower return than peers in the current environment? I don't know what part of the P&L is lagging the others.
William Robert Berkley: Greg, it's Rob. I think one of the things that's difficult to do, but I think is relevant, is the mix of business or portfolio -- the fact is many of those that have reported had benefited in a very large way from what their property results were. We, as an organization, have a bit more of a casualty vent [ph] to us. So when the wind blows and the earth shakes, we don't have the same issues that others face. Having said that, when it is a benign quarter, they certainly benefit from that. So we don't have the same level of volatility. And again, if you look at the results of those that have reported, certainly, they benefited greatly from the significant amount of property exposure that they write whether that be on the commercial line side or certainly on many cases, on the personal line side as well.
William R. Berkley: One of the things that we have always tried to do is try to have a certain level of consistency and not have the volatility that property tax exposure has meant. It seems today that lots of people in the marketplace, when the wind blows say, "If it weren't for the cats." And they don't count it. And when the cats don't blow, they say "what great returns." We just -- I think if you looked at those differences over an extended period of time, it would probably equalize the differences. And rest assured, we ask that question every day and every quarter.
Jay Adam Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes, okay. I guess, yes, fourth quarter certainly showed that with Sandy and the results for everyone.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I like to turn the conference back to our host for closing remarks.
William R. Berkley: Okay. Well, thank you, all, very much. We're quite pleased, as I said, with the quarter and we're expecting a continuation of that. No one asked the question, but I didn't want it to be a special comment to any analysts that we do expect our funds to be back on track with -- between $17.5 million and $22.5 million for the second quarter. And we do have most of those back in. So that's not a guess. That's an estimate based on most of the reporting in. So thank you, all, very much. Have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-29 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Rob Berkley  President, Chief Operating Officer Gene Ballard  SVP, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Amit Kumar  Macquarie Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Brian Meredith  UBS Jay Cohen  Bank of America
Operator:  Good day and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporations Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including: without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will, in fact, be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Thank you very much. Good morning. We were very pleased with our quarter. We were especially pleased with the direction everything seems to be moving in. And before I go on about my enthusiasm, Ill let Rob talk about the years results  the quarter and the years results, and then Gene will talk about the numbers. And then the real enthusiasm will come through. Go ahead, Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you for the introduction. Good morning. The fourth quarter was a continuation of the story that has been unfolding for the casualty market over the past few years. Growing concerns among certain market participants over prior year loss reserve development continue to serve as a catalyst for a change in behavior. Additionally, there would appear to be an increasing awareness of the impact that diminishing investment income is having on the industrys economic model. While this macro situation is widely discussed, the sense of urgency in tackling these issues seems to vary from carrier to carrier. Having said this, there is an ever-growing percentage of the market that is pursuing rate in an effort to remedy the situation. On the other hand, the property market certainly did not have a business as usual quarter. Hurricane Sandy provided a reminder that bad things happen and on occasion in a very big way. Once again, the industry received a wake-up call with regards to the imperfections of both cat modeling, as well as local building codes as we endure the impact that a large tropical storm can have on a region. Though many companies managed to make a profit in the fourth quarter in spite of Sandy, the question remains is the industry truly achieving an appropriate risk adjusted return for this product given the level of volatility it assumes? Workers compensation remains one of the lines of business where the market is most aggressive in seeking rate. Having said this, given how soft the market had gotten for comp, along with loss trend and lower investment returns, it would be premature to view this currently as a green light product. The excess casualty market is also showing early signs of a return to underwriting discipline as meaningful rate increases are beginning to be attainable. On the other hand, there continues to be naive optimism in much of the professional market where rate increases remain far too modest. Additionally, the lack of rate increases in both the marine and parts of the property market remain surprising in light of the recent loss activity. The companys rate monitoring of renewal business for the fourth quarter indicated an improvement of 6.5% over the corresponding period in 2011. Our new business relativity was 1.09%, which indicates our new business is priced 9% stronger than our renewal business. All five business segments contributed to this improvement in rate, though not equally, as the domestic insurance segments ranged from 5% to 11%. Also worth noting, this was the eighth quarter in a row the group achieved additional rate, and consequently, the fourth quarter in a row where rate on rate was obtained. While the 6.5% was slightly less than what we achieved in the third quarter due primarily to mix of business, it is generally in line with what we have achieved in 2012. We remained convinced the market has maintained its pricing momentum and it has been further confirmed by what we have seen so far with our January 1 business. As in the past, we continue to believe were obtaining this improved rate without jeopardizing the quality of our book, which is evidenced in part by our renewal retention ratio, which continues to remain at approximately 80%. When one puts these two pieces of information together, it clearly supports the idea that underwriting margin is improving. Net written premium for the quarter was $1.228 billion. This represents an increase of 13% compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. All five business segments contributed to this growth, which ranged from 20% to 8%. More specifically, 34 of the 45 underwriting operations grew in the quarter. When one looks more closely at the growth, you see 6.5 points associated with rate, 6 points associated with exposure and 0.5 points with audit premium. The companys loss ratio for the quarter was at 64.6 points, which includes 3.2 points associated with Sandy. While four out of our five segments were impacted by Sandy, the majority of the loss was in our international and reinsurance segments. The expense ratio for the period was at 33.5%, which is an improvement of 0.8%. As we have suggested in the past, we anticipate this trend is  we anticipated, excuse me, this trend due to our increasing earned premium. When one puts the picture together, you end up with a combined of a 98.1%. However, when one adjusts for storms as well as reserve development, we believe the company is running at about a 96.5%, which is an improvement of approximately 3 points when compared with the fourth quarter last year. This improving trend should continue at higher rates and increased volume continues to be reflective in our earned premium. The balance sheet, the companys balance sheet remains particularly well positioned to take advantage of this improving environment. This is demonstrated not just by the high quality of our investment portfolio, but also the strength of our reserves, again confirmed by 24 consecutive quarters of positive development. So far, it appears as though our 2010 and 2011 accident year picks are holding. With every passing quarter, it is becoming more apparent we are entering a hard market. The number of carriers seeking broad rate increases continues to grow, and the minority of companies that continue to act irresponsibly is a dwindling population. While it is true we have not yet reached the point where there is low-hanging fruit, it has been many years since we as an organization have been so encouraged by the market.
William Berkley: Thank you, Rob. Gene, you want to pick up, please?
Gene Ballard: Okay. Well, in spite the impact of Sandy, we were able to report significant growth in our net income for the quarter due to higher investment income, substantial realized gains, as well as improvement in our core underwriting margins before catastrophe losses. Ill start with underwriting. As Rob mentioned, premiums were up 13% to just over $1.2 billion and the growth was pretty evenly spread across the group with Alternative Markets up 20%, International 16%, Reinsurance 15%, Specialty 11%, and Regional 8%. Our underwriting profits were $24 million in the quarter compared with $34 million a year ago and the overall combined ratio was up 1.1 percentage points to 98.1%. The increase in the combined ratio was the result of our losses from storm Sandy. Although relatively modest considering the size of the industry loss, our net loss from Sandy of $40 million before tax added 3.2 percentage points to our overall loss ratio for the quarter. We had significant reinsurance recoveries from both our per risk reinsurance treaties as well as our catastrophe reinsurance treaties. The losses by segment are in the earnings release, but one thing to note is that we allocate reinsurance recoveries to specific business units based in part on the unit share of the cost of the treaty, so as a result, recoveries by company and segment are not directly proportional to the gross losses incurred and thats why you see relatively smaller Sandy losses for the Specialty and Regional segments. Our underlying loss ratio before catastrophes and reserve releases declined 2 percentage points from a year ago to 63% due to the impact of year-over-year price increases on underwriting margins. As Rob said, we expect that trend to continue, as business weve already written at higher prices is earned over the next four quarters. Favorable reserve development was $20 million or 1.6 loss ratio points in the quarter. Thats down from Q4 of 2011, but right in line with reserve releases for full-year 2012, which averaged $26 million per quarter. Approximately half of the favorable development in the fourth quarter was attributable to the Reinsurance segment. Our expense ratio improved by 0.8 percentage points to 33.5%, again as a result of price increases and growth in premiums. The Alternative Markets, Regional and International segments reported lower expense ratios with International down 6 points, as recently started companies have achieved more scale. The Specialty and Regional expense ratios were up slightly due to higher cedant reinsurance costs and higher commissions, including contingent commission accruals. Our net reserves increased $91 million in the quarter to $8.4 billion at year-end and the paid loss ratio decreased by 2 percentage points to 57.0%. Investment income was $152 million, up $35 million or 30% from a year ago. The increase was due to investment funds, which earned $27 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $12 million a year ago with stronger earnings this quarter from both energy funds and real estate funds. Income from the remainder of the portfolio was down $4 million or 3% to $125 million in the quarter. And the annualized yield on the overall portfolio was 4.1% for the quarter and 4.0% for all of 2012. We also reported realized gains of $116 million during the quarter, including a gain of $68 million from the sale of one of our private equity investments. At year-end, 84% of our portfolio was invested in cash and fixed income securities with a duration of 3.4 years and an average credit quality of AA-. The pre-tax unrealized gain on securities that are carried at fair value was $797 million at December 31. We paid out $1.09 in dividends during the quarter including a special dividend of $1 per share in December, and we also repurchased 170 shares of our own stock at an average cost of $37 per share.
William Berkley: 176,000 shares.
Gene Ballard: Sorry. So that adds up to a net income of $165 million and annualized return on equity of 16.7%. That gives us an ROE of 12.9% for all of 2012. Thats 2 points higher than full-year 2011 and just 2 points shy of our long-term goal of 15%.
William Berkley: Thanks, Gene. Well, as Ive said innumerable times, this is a long-term business. We saw these changes taking place and beginning to evolve a while ago. Were seeing the fruits of our investment in new start-ups that have taken place over a number of years. The benefits of start-ups are twofold. One, as opposed to buying something, you dont get someone elses problems. And two, you dont get intangible assets on your balance sheet, you get to tax deduct the expenses of building the business, and you dont have carry forward issues as you go forward. Were seeing the rewards of that and we expect to continue to see that. Were very enthusiastic about going forward where we see changes. While various people may say they had in rate increases of 5% or 7% or whatever, first of all, everyone has to keep in mind, price increases start from whatever pricing level you have and different people have different strategies to acquire new business, to grow their business and no one should try and get this to a fine point that the difference between a price increase of 6% or a price increase of 7% is material over the short run. We think that we push the market as best we can every day and most of our companies are prepared to not write business if they cant get what they think is an adequate pricing level. Because of that, some of our companies have grown while others have in fact not grown at all. We think thats the strategy and the strength of our enterprise and our structure. We continue to seek out and to some extent find new and unique investment opportunities that allow us to get better returns. We expect some of our private equity investments will result in further realized gains this year and we have found some new things to invest in that we think will give us subsequent returns, because, in fact, youre always investing for the two or three year ahead future as you look for those kinds of opportunities. So we believe that this is just the beginning of improved results as earned premium reflects those price increases. We think that itll continue, and it needs to, because, in fact, a lot of people will be surprised at how much returns will be impacted by the current lower rates. If youre in the reinsurance business, you need seven points on pricing just to offset a 100 basis points decline in investment returns. And if youre in the standard markets, price increases have to be three or four points. So you not only have to make up the decline in prices since 2008, but you have to go further than that to offset the investment income. So people havent yet fully recognized how much they have to raise prices. But its beginning to happen and people understand that, whereas in the past, a 95% combined would give you a good result, today youve got to get that combined and  down into the area of 90%. So we continue to work towards that improved combined ratio. We think were on our way. We expect that well see continued improvement as our earned premium reflects price increases and were extremely optimistic. With that, Mercy, do you want to come on and well take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  Hi, everyone. In terms of looking at the combined ratio compared to where it was two years ago before the price increases, its not yet materially better. I know that it takes time for written to become earned, but is that happening more slowly for any reason? I mean we wouldve  I wouldve thought it would be better now given the rate increases that youve reported?
William Berkley:  Well, I think that, first of all, you have Sandy in there this year...
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  Well, even if you take the cats out, I would take the cats and the development out and look at I guess...
William Berkley:  Go ahead.
Rob Berkley:  I was just going to add, putting  if you take the one-timers out, Josh, I think that things are improving, perhaps not as quickly as some would expect, but in part thats a result of, quite frankly, how we pick our design picks, as we discussed in past calls. Because of our sensitivity to trends and inflation and things of that nature, its not a very  its not just a straightforward simple formula how things will flow through. So just because you get x points of rate, its not  this can completely flow through. Depending on the line of business in the product, we make certain assumptions as to how we see future loss costs. So is it going to come through? Yes. Is it going to come through more and more as the earned premium builds, as you suggested? Yes. But as, again, weve suggested in the past, we dont want to declare victory prematurely on our business just  and let the full rate increase flow through because, again, we like to err a bit on the side of caution when it comes to our picks.
William Berkley:  I think you also have to recognize that there was more positive development when you go back to 2010, for instance, by a significant amount. I think the positive development in 2010 was sort of four points better than it was, and so while the loss ratio looked the same, in fact there was really four points of more positive development in 2010 than there was in this year. So as there becomes less positive development, the current accident year is picking up that slack.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  Well, if I look at x development in cats, I have a 64.1% loss ratio for 2010 and  for the full year, and for 2012 was 63.6%, about 50 basis points of improvement. I dont know, maybe my numbers arent quite right there.
William Berkley:  I dont have the sheet right in front of me. Its not quite right, but its directionally right. I think that it was slightly better than that, but the answer is it has not fully gone in. I think were also probably being a little more conservative in our loss picks at this point in time because were more concerned than  candidly than seems needed in the current environment. Were probably more concerned with inflation than many of our peers.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  Great. And then on...
William Berkley:  Our current loss picks are probably a bit more conservative.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  And then on your optimism, youre as optimistic as ever, although I think at this point you would have thought that rates could be approaching 10% on renewals given what youve said in the past. Are there spoilers out that are preventing you from reaching -?
William Berkley:  I think what I said is, in 2013, I expect the price increases to be in the 8% to 10% range. I think that  Im hoping that thats the case. I think that no business thats led by a pessimist generally succeeds, and that is my view, yes.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  I think theres something to that, Bill. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  And good morning.
William Berkley:  Good morning.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  I guess its related to the last question on pricing increases. Maybe just talk about what you might be seeing for 2013? I mean do you see that 6.5% already turning to sort of 7.5%, 8%-ish, or just because this is the fourth quarter youve gotten rate-over-rate? Maybe just talk about the directional trends until now.
William Berkley:  Ill make one comment and then Ill turn it over to Rob. I do think that one thing we saw differently than some other people, we did see better prices in October-November than we did in December. December was a more competitive pricing month. So its hard to look  it still goes month-to-month how competitive things are. Rob, do you want to comment?
Rob Berkley:  Yeah, well, I guess just to add on to what you said a moment ago, its not unusual. You see people trying to make their year-end budgets. So they give the full court press, if you will, in December. Having said that, in spite of that full court press, the environment was still one where it was pushing for more rate. Our general view is that you will see the marketplace looking for as much of a rate increase or more during 2013. Trying to predict with such a fine brush, if you will, down to what some might suggest are basis points, thats a pretty slippery slope. But generally speaking, theres nothing that leads us to believe that 2013 will not be a continuation of what we saw in 2012. And its more likely that rates will continue to build, if you will, from where they are rather than erode or diminish.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  Thats interesting. I guess other question is also on margin improvement. My sense is, I guess what youre saying is that if loss costs remain at similar levels, simplistically we should at least see a 300 basis point, 300-plus basis point improvement for 2013. Is that  maybe its too simplistic, but is that fair?
William Berkley:  I think that we would expect that, overall, the improvement in margins 2013 to 2012 should be in that level.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  Okay, thats all I have. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Evercore Partners. Your line is open.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  Hi, good morning.
William Berkley:  Good morning.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  The first question is on the expense ratio. Been just curious, we saw some expense leverage this year. Do you expect to see more of that in 2013 versus 2012? Has the build out of the platform really been finished in 2012?
William Berkley:  I think that, yes, youll see more expense benefits as time goes on. As profitability increases, there is more both incentive payments to producers and to management, but we think that is  that overall, the expense ratio should come down significantly.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  Okay. Thats helpful. The second question is on growth opportunities. Weve heard from a few other players, maybe one other specialty player, that maybe there is some more business coming into the excess and surplus lines market. Have you seen that trend increasing recently?
Rob Berkley:  This is Rob. The answer is that we are seeing more submissions coming in, whether  and I would suggest that the specialty market population is growing. But it certainly has not reached anything approaching what traditionally weve seen in a hard market. So you can see, as throughout  weve commented on occasions, throughout 2012, you can see that ground swell beginning to build, but I dont think that weve fully hit our stride yet, but its coming.
William Berkley:  Vinay, I think that if we were  if you were to ask us what is a little different about this market change, I think thats one of the things that we havent seen as quickly as we would have thought appropriate for our expectations and our look at the market. And that really is, we would have thought that there would be a lot more business flowing into that specialty market than seems to be flowing into that market at the moment. But its coming, but its coming much slower than we would have expected.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  Sure. Fair enough. One last numbers question. Since the business mix has changed a little bit, just curious what your normalized cat loss ratio should be for the year?
Gene Ballard:  For 2012 or...
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  No, for 2013.
Gene Ballard:  2013. Its pretty hard to say, but historically, its been around two points, two and a half points.
William Berkley:  Yeah, I dont think our business mix has changed so materially. I think that we do have a little more exposure on a gross basis, but we have been pretty good at buying strategically and spending a lot of our own money on it  reinsurance. I mean one of the things that I find interesting is that people always say, if it werent for cats, we would have had x result. But in fact, the reason we have better results is because we buy reinsurance and it impacts our results every year because we pay premiums for it.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  Right.
William Berkley:  So I think in fact the two and a half points, probably three points on the outside would be what we would expect and we wouldnt think it would be much more than that. The rest of our cat gross exposure is in fact in our reinsurance line  reinsurance purchases.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners:  Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you.
William Berkley:  Yes.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from Stifel, Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Good morning, everyone.
William Berkley:  Good morning.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Rob, I take your point about not reading too much into small fluctuations in terms of the average renewal premium rate increases. But I guess one thing that stands out is that, at least in the last hard market, you did see what was very clear acceleration from quarter to quarter in terms of the magnitude of rate increases, and I was wondering if you could talk about why you think were not seeing just more obvious acceleration?
Rob Berkley:  Well, I think it depends on when you choose the point in time that the market started to turn. If you choose the fourth quarter, if you will, of 2001, then thats one thing. If you look back to, in our opinion, when the market really started to turn, which was late 2000, I think you would see again much more of an incremental building or a gradual ground swell that came about. So I think that it is likely that youre going to see the momentum build. Will it be a perfectly smooth curve? No, I dont think so, but historically Im not sure if its ever been.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. And Bill...
Rob Berkley:  Obviously, if we have  just to add to that, I think if we have a noteworthy event, that could be a shot in the arm, if you will, that will change the circumstance. And I also think, as I suggested in my comments and others I suspect have discussed, the impact of investment income, it seems to be something that everyone in the industry is talking about, but very, very few are actually contemplating that when they think about how they price their product. I think that possibly could be the second shoe to drop.
William Berkley:  I think that I might add that the cycle for the E&S business especially was down much harder. So the bottom of the cycle was harder, so you really needed those tremendous increases in prices just to get back to equilibrium. This cycle was not down as hard and you didnt have what I call a fear event take place; that fear event still hasnt taken place. It was the World Trade Center that was the fear event. At the bottom of the cycle, things started moving up, they moved up and then they started to turn back down again. But the fear event didnt take place. It was merely the issues that caused the normal cyclical swings of the business.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, that makes perfect sense. I wanted to ask quickly about the recent hire for southeastern standard lines. Is there something that you see particularly attractive about that market or is it just an area of growth?
Rob Berkley:  I think all of the above. We think its an interesting part of the country, which has performed reasonably well and has good future potential. We also philosophically have a view as to how big a regional company can be from a territory before it really is no longer a regional company. And we concluded that Georgia was a state that we wanted to have more of a presence in. And we wanted to have our base, if you will, to serve the surrounding states more local as far as its proximity to those. So it was really a strategic decision, a combination of the talent that was available, how we view the marketplace, and our view as to need to be somewhat local in a region of the country truly to have a differentiator as far as your business model.
William Berkley:  Let me go off on a slight tangent and say, we have a different view than most of our competitors who have a business and then think they grow by expanding and extending, and then you get to be an almost national company instead of a regional company or a specialty company that keeps adding new pieces to it. As opposed to our view, which is you keep small pieces that are close to the customer, close to their specialty, with great expertise, that you dont have to succeed by having a bigger and bigger company. Those arent our views. So we were in some of the states around Georgia. Georgia is a big state where theres lots of opportunities and we felt like this was a real opportunity. And we didnt want a  have one of our companies from three states away decide to move in and be another non-local company there. We think thats the strategy, to keep units small, keep them close to the customer in everything we do. And then we think thats one of the core ways we differentiate ourselves. The guy who is making all of the decisions is going to be in that marketplace.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, fantastic. Thanks so much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brian Meredith from UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Yeah, thanks, good morning.
William Berkley:  Good morning, Brian.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Good morning, guys. A couple questions here. First one, Rob, Bill, I wondered if you could talk a little bit about what youre seeing with respect to loss trends? I mean you mentioned that inflation is somewhat of a concern for you. Is it still running kind of where you said it was in the third quarter and what gives you some concerns about potential trend acceleration?
Rob Berkley:  If we break trend down maybe into medical versus everything else, Brian, medical continues to be, I think, a concern for all industry participants. As far as everything else, trend still seems to be somewhat benign, but we have a general concern as to where inflation is going and we think that we will not be completely inflated from that. Obviously, it was referenced a few moments ago as it relates to the investment portfolio, but that clearly impacts us on the risk-bearing side of the business, how we price our products and how we reserve for it. So again, what weve experienced so far doesnt necessarily give us a big reason to pause. Its more as we look out the front windshield and see what may be coming our way. But we feel as though it is prudent not necessarily to assume that future trend will necessarily be what weve experienced to date.
William Berkley:  Brian, this is Bill. I think that to add to that, as Rob said, when you look out the front window, you try and look ahead. And for us, first and foremost, insurance companies, in spite of what people talk about, do better in inflationary environments than in non-inflationary environments. So were not afraid of them, but theres both two things that impact it and you have to be prepared for them. The risk of a fixed income portfolio with a longer duration and the risk of an investment portfolio that cant keep up giving you returns. So I think that what we are trying to say is were trying to be careful in establishing our reserves assuming that within the life expectancy of that duration, which is three and a half years give or take, that weve considered that sometime in that period, inflation will come home to roost and we want to be sure we dont have an adverse surprise there. And the other thing is, in our bond portfolio, were going to just constantly be watching that duration. The duration has come down over the past couple of years a little bit. And its likely to come down a little more as we look out. So if we do nothing as far as cash flow and reinvestment, our duration comes down from 3.4 years to 2.4 years. It may not come down that much, but our duration is clearly going to shorten up over the next 12 to 18 months. We think inflation is out there and while we dont know when, we think its clearly going to be out there.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Okay. Great. Thanks. And then next question, Bill, on the 15% ROE target, which you hope to achieve here, Im just curious, how likely do you think that is achievable given that theres a lot of other companies out there that have basically lowered their ROE expectations in the current interest rate environment. Theyre happy with either high single-digit or a low teen return on equity. Do you think youre going to face some resistance there? Do you think its  you can still achieve it in this rate environment?
William Berkley:  Well, if you lower your target, youre surely not going to achieve it. We believe that its achievable and wed rather have that as our goal and our target and fall short than say were going to settle for a lower target. It is going to be tough with this interest rate environment. Theres no question about it. Every single person on the management team talks about it. They understand it. Clearly, we did a little better at that with our 12.9% return this year. And we think that in 2013, well be able to do better than that. Whether we get to 15% or not, I cant tell you. But everyone in this company is really cognizant of it. Our long-term incentive plan that was established five years ago paid out. It only paid out at about 57% because we didnt hit that 15% return. So  but if you dont meet the standard, lowering the standard doesnt help. We believe that for us to achieve outstanding results for our shareholders, we ought to keep that target. Now, thats not to say we think well make it every year. But I certainly wouldnt lower it consequentially.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Great. Thanks. Then, Bill, just one quickly, could you give us your thoughts on what you think is going to be happening with interest rates here the next 12 months to 24 months?
William Berkley:  Well, in the shorter end of that, I think interest rates are not going to move up very much. In the long run, I think youre going to probably see interest rates move up. But I think you have so many variables in the concept of one world between Europe, Japan, China and the U.S., its no longer this forecast of whats happening in America. Its really a much more of a global picture and currencies trade so freely. So I dont see anything happening thats going to cause interest rates to move up in the next eight to 12 months. I think as you go out further than that, I would expect interest rates to move up.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Thank you. Couple of questions. I guess one question on the Alternative Markets segment. It looks like the loss ratio there was quite a bit lower than it had been running, Im wondering if theres anything unusual there?
Rob Berkley:  Yeah, well, thats a segment thats been achieving the highest rates across the group. Its predominantly workers compensation. So were seeing more of that benefit come through there than we are in the other segments.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Got it.
William Berkley:  The alternative market is primarily -
Rob Berkley:  Workers comp.
William Berkley:  Workers comp and thats where the biggest rate increase has been.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Got it. Can you also tell us how the arbitrage funded this quarter?
Rob Berkley:  Essentially it broke even for the quarter.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Okay. And then lastly, Bill, you had mentioned that you are finding newer places to invest, if you could talk about what you see some of those opportunities are?
William Berkley:  Well, obviously, I have talked retrospectively because Im not  the best and clearest example is, for about three months, we found mezzanine mortgages that were opportunities because they were loan to value and still in the range of first mortgages. So a mez mortgage where loan to value was under 60% where we could get 6% or more. But that only lasts for a short period of time, so we put to work, lets just say $100 million or $150 million, and the market changed and that rate came down to 5%. And there are other things like that where we provide debt financing in small quantities for special projects that arent so big to attract big investors, but we can step in, get done and do it for particular funds that have special purpose vehicles where were very well collateralized, 2:1, 3:1, 4:1, 5:1, and give us the opportunity. People who have lots of time to do that, they dont have to wait for us. They dont need us. So were continuously finding those things. The biggest problem, Jay, is that they come in $50 million or $100 million pieces and its very difficult to find out how quickly theyre going to last, but you have to be cautious and not put so much money in any one of them at any given moment in time. So these smaller pieces give us diversification, but by the time we go for the second piece, other people have found it or they found other people. So its a constant hunt for opportunities. And it continues and weve got a couple of new ones that were just doing, but obviously Im not anxious to talk about them because Im not anxious to make the investment cycle shorter than it is. Its short enough already.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Yeah, yeah. I guess the other issue for the investment income is that youre shortening duration, thats got to put some additional pressure on the fixed income portfolio.
William Berkley:  I think I said we will take advantage of the shorter duration as we see this move ahead, but Im not expecting that certainly for the next six months.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Got it.
William Berkley:  But I think that we will, somewhere in the 12- to 24-months period, try to do that and it will also depend on how many of these other opportunities I can find to give us some benefits.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Got it.
William Berkley:  I think we sit here and say that, in the short run, inflation is a trouble. In the long run, inflation is a benefit. Knowing when you pull the trigger to protect yourself for the short run is a critical management responsibility.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:  Yeah. Thank you.
William Berkley:  Yes, sir.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  Just a sort of a clarification on the prior discussion on margin, then we were talking about that 300 basis point  at least 300 basis point improvement, did that also include an improvement in expense ratio or is that in addition to that?
William Berkley:  That was what we thought would be our gross improvement. It could be  we could benefit more, but you have to understand, there is also a negative impact from expense ratio because of change in accounting. So where that exactly falls out, Im not sure. We were giving you an approximation. Someone asked us, would that mean we should see at least, and I said yes. Im not trying to make your job easier, Amit.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  Okay, thats all I had. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Im showing no more questions at this time. Ill turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley for closing remarks.
William Berkley: Okay. Well, I think that one of the things that differentiates companies is how well they prepare for the future, how carefully they look at the future, and how they make strategic decisions. We think we do some of those things especially well, from buying reinsurance to investing, to expanding and a strategy of managing businesses that are close to the customer. Were very enthusiastic. We do see that 300 basis point improvement in margin. We think that the adequacy of our reserves has never been stronger. And were very excited over the next several years to take advantage of whats clearly a hardening market. Can I say that its the hardest market ever? Certainly not. But is it going to allow for profitability in a more than adequate way? Absolutely. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. You may now disconnect. Thank you.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-23 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - Chairman and CEO W. Robert Berkley, Jr. - President and COO Eugene Ballard - SVP and CFO 
Analysts: Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital Vinay Misquity - Evercore Partners Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney Howard Flinker - Flinker & Company  
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporations Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded.  The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Good morning. We were very pleased with our quarter more than just the quarter all of the trends we see continue to cause us that the optimistic about the balance of the year and next year. The world is not perfect, there are all kinds of things that are beyond our control, but we see nothing on the horizon that will prevent us from achieving improving rates and continued higher returns.  That said we would hope that we can achieve the kinds of returns we have targeted as we move into the next several years. With that Ill turn this over to Rob to talk about our operations.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone. The third quarter offered further evidence that the property and casualty commercial lines market is going through a time of positive transition. Efforts among many carriers to obtain rate adequacy are becoming more wide spread with every packaging date.  While this change in behavior is not occurring in all lines of business in perfect (inaudible) there is a clear prevailing wins driving rates up. As we have discussed in the past and it remains our belief today, the catalyst driving this change continues to be carriers increasing sensitivity over how prior years will develop. This concern is a consequence of an industry wide under estimation of loss trends as well as loosening of terms and conditions combined with aggressive pricing.  Workers compensation continues to be one of the lines of business as experiencing the greatest change in behavior. In addition to rate increases the accelerating growth in several state assigned risk plans is also an important data point. The casualty market and especially the excess casualty lines are offering encouraging signs as well. Having said this, given how much underwriting discipline has eroded over the past several years the markets still has a long way to go. On the other hand much of the professional lines market continues to be exceptionally competitive but it is showing early signs that things have bottomed out. The marine and the aviation markets have also remained surprisingly competitive given the level of loss activity that has occurred over the past several quarters. The groups rate monitoring for the third quarter indicated an improvement of 7% over the third quarter and 2011. While pricing does not move at the same pace across all segments or for that matter across all operations, our primary insurance rate improvement stood out at 7.5%.  The renewal retention ratio continues to remain at approximately 80% providing us confidence in our pricing levers as well as comfort that we are not experiencing adverse collection. This represents the seventh quarter in a row where the group achieved rate increases and the third quarter in a row where we also came late on rate.  Net written premium in the third quarter was 1.276 billion this is an increase of 13.3% over the third quarter of 2011. 39 of our 45 underwriting operations grew which allowed all five business segments to continue to the groups overall [gains]. The growth was driven primarily by rate at 7%, 5% of exposure and 1% audit premium. The groups loss ratio for the third quarter was 62.1 which is an improvement of 2.7 points over the third quarter last year. In addition the expense ratio improved by eight-tenth of a point, this gives us the combined ratio of 95.8 or a total improvement of three and one half points over the corresponding period.  The companys progress is primarily a result of higher earned premiums stemming from rate increases and our (inaudible) operations as well as lower cat activity. Gene will be going into more detail on these topics shortly.  The groups balance sheet remains robust; our reserves remain strong as demonstrated by 23 consecutive quarters with net positive reserves development. Additionally, our investment portfolio remains strong with an average rating of AA minus.  The market is turning at an increasing pace. Much of the change in behavior we are seeing today is a reaction to development stemming from underwriting decisions made by some in the past. We expect more companies to report additional negative developments over the next few quarters. Further while the impact that the low interest rate environment has on the industrys economic model is widely discussed, we believe few have begun to appropriately factor this into their pricing.  Having said this, while it is unclear how hard the market will get and how quickly it will get there, it is quite apparent that we have a great deal of runway in front of us when it comes to pushing rates. 
William Berkley: Thank you, Rob. Gene is now going Thank you and go through financials and then I will pick up after that. 
Eugene Ballard: Thank you, Bill. As Rob said we had another strong quarter in terms of both revenues and underwriting profits and we also managed to deliver a modest growth and investment income in spite of the anticipated decline in earnings from investment funds.  Our net premiums written were almost 1.3 billion in a quarter up 150 million or 13.3% from a year ago, the growth was led by our specialty and alternative market segments which were up 18% and 17%, respectively.  Business units that we started since 2006 grew by 34% in the quarter and now represent approximately 25% of our overall premium volume. Changes in foreign exchange rates compared to the third quarter of last year added about 0.5 percentage point to the overall growth rate expressed in U.S. dollars.  Underwriting profits were 50 million in the quarter thats up from 8 million a year ago and an overall combined ratio that decreased 3.5 point. Three main reasons for that; first, the underlying accident year loss ratio before cat improved by 1.6 percentage points to 63.7. As price increases over the past seven quarters are beginning to have a meaningful impact on both earned premiums and underwriting income.  In addition, the regional segments benefited from very benign loss activity in the third period compared with a year ago. Second, catastrophe losses were just 9 million in the quarter, thats down from 51 million a year ago which is a further improvement of 4.1 loss ratio points. And third, the expense ratio improved by eight-tenth of a point to 33.7 also largely due to the impact of rate increases. Four of our five business segments reported lower expense ratios on both in earned and written basis; the regional segment expense ratio was flat on earned basis but down a 0.5 point on a written basis (inaudible). That adds up to an accident year combined ratio before cats of 97.4 down 2.5 points from a year ago. In addition, we reported favorable prior year reserve development of 28 million or 2.3 percentage point loss ratio points. That down from 5.3 loss ratio points a year ago for the right in line with the reserve releases of 25 million and 30 million in the first two quarters of this year. Prior year reserves develop favorably for all five of our business segments.  The calendar year combined ratio was reported at 95.8 down from 99.3 a year ago with all five business segment reporting combined ratios under a 100. Although the specialty segments reported combined ratio was up from a year ago due to lower reserve releases the accident year combined for specialty also improved by 2.5 point.  Investment income was 116 million up 2 million from the third quarter of 2011. Income from our core portfolio which includes fixed income, equities and real estate was up 2 million to 127 million with an annualized pretax yield of 3.7%. Income from merger arbitrage was up slightly to 2.5 million and income from an investment fronts reported a loss of 13 million which includes energy related losses of 21 million that we had already announced in our second quarter 10-Q. The year-to-date annualized yield on the overall portfolio was 4.0% unchanged from the year-to-date period in 2011, and on a tax equivalent basis adjusted for tax benefits of the municipal portfolio, the annualized return on investments was 4.6% year-to-date. We reported realized gains of 22 million in the quarter and had unrealized gains pretax of 856 million at September 30, 2012.  At the end of our quarter, 85% of the portfolio was invested in cash and fixed incomes with an average duration of 3.3 years and an average credit rating of AA minus. We repurchased 2 million shares of our own stock in the quarter which brings us to 3.3 million share repurchases year-to-date at an aggregate cost of $121 million. Our net income was 101 million in the quarter which is an annualized return on equity of 10.2% and we finished the quarter with book value per share of $31.81 which is an increase of $3.06 for the year-to-date period and an annualized increase of 15%. 
William Berkley : Thanks Gene. We are pleased with the quarter. On the investment our duration was reduced from 3.4 to 3.3 years in a quarter primarily as a result of the duration of our mortgages and prepayment rates and our mortgage portfolio declining in the ordinary attritional impact of time passing by. We have chosen not to be aggressive in extending our long-term side of the investment portfolio because we are concerned that inflation is out there although clearly the short-term time horizon appears to be benign, thats a balancing affect that we are concerned about. And the way that push that duration out is to go out at least at a portion portfolio substantially more than 10 years and this is not something we want to do. The investment side also is benefited from our continuing ability to find niche opportunities but unfortunately they keep disappearing. A good example of those would be, we were able to invest roughly $200 million in mezzanine mortgage obligations where the collateral protection was still less than 50% loan to value and with a return of 6%, but that as we approached the end of the third quarter, the yields on those securities declined sharply and current returns in more like 5% and another niche one way as we search for more opportunities that fulfill our security and quality requirements in spite of how they may appear because of the category.  We think we can still come close to holding our existing rates to right around 4% pretax, (inaudible) will probably decline a little but we are optimistic at least through the end of the year. Our cash flows if they accelerate dramatically would cause us to question that.  Overall, you are seeing a number of our competitors especially the midsized competitors having to face up to the reality, help deficiencies in prior years and they are coming out. We think that this is like a slow ball going downhill. Number of these companies are going to have to make up for the deficiencies then going to face issues as to their ratings and their abilities to continue on their own will diminish.  So, we are very optimistic, we see more and more opportunities. We think we are being rewarded for the five years plus of the investments we have made in setting up new enterprises and we expect that will allow us to grow and the time when others are just trying to hold their own.  So, with that I would be happy to turn this over to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Amit Kumar of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital: My first question relates to capital management, with then pending fiscal cliff versus (inaudible) ownership. Can you talk about how do you view a special dividend before the year end?
William Berkley: It's certainly something that we are thinking about. We are considering we will probably take a decision as we head to the election. But I think that will certainly have an impact on what we do, but if in fact we think rates are going to change dramatically, it would on a serious issue what we consider. 
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Capital: And the only other question I have is on pricing. You are talking about pricing going up, and Im curious I think maybe this is a bit too early, if you sort of fast forward to year-end 2013, all as being equal, do you expect the rates to be up double-digit at that time or do they sort of trend up in the next few quarters. And then in the absence of any industry event, do they start trending down?
William Berkley: I think that what we are trying to get across the message to people that with interest rates where they are, if rates were up 10% next year, you are still going to barely have adequate returns. It takes a lot of increase in rate to offset the decline in the investment income. So, as peoples portfolio run off and the duration of portfolios are probably came two and four year's you are going to start to see people (inaudible) mid single-digit returns at the current time. So, I think that our view is it's not double-digits, certainly very high single-digit returns by the end of next year and we don't see them falling off.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquity of Evercore Partners. Please go ahead.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore Partners: The first question is on rate increases, now we have seen some from your company as well as some admitted carriers out there, have rates have accelerated third quarter versus second quarter, just curious from your perspective, what do you think are the drivers. I mean large (inaudible) disciplined or do you see the smaller players also be more disciplined. And I see that within your regional business your top line kicked up so just curious about that too?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: As far as the regional growth goes that was primarily from rate, really not so much exposure count but putting that aside, I think there are large companies and there are small companies out there that are disciplined and some that arent disciplined. Clearly some of the larger national carriers tend to set or have a lot to say as to what the (inaudible) of the marketplace. I think ultimately what is driving the change in behavior as was suggested earlier in the discussion is that people are seeing things develop out from as far as prior year goes and they are concerned as to how things look as they come into focus. And they are taking actions as it relates to that. So, the rate activity that you have seen so far again in our opinion is because people are observing and extrapolating how prior year is going to develop. And also as we suggested the level of anxiety as it relates to what was also discussed a few moments ago around the impact of investment income I think I son peoples mind and thats probably the second shoe to drop and what will be the catalyst for further rate increases as also suggested a few minutes ago.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore Partners: The second question was on loss cost trends, your pricing is riding 6 to 7% margins and include about 160 basis points, curious as to what you are booking as loss cost trends right now?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Quite honestly as you would expect it varies by line of business, Id suggest in the aggregate for the group its north of 2 probably certainly not above 3 and having said that we are actively extrapolating a bit given the rate increases that we are achieving at this stage. We have a reasonably strong degree of confidence that we are adding to underwriting margin at this stage.
Vinay Misquity - Evercore Partners: And then just one last question if I may, your expense ratio actually declined this quarter year-over-year which is good, do you think that you are at a point where more premiums would now add more to your leverage on the expense ratio versus a past?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Absolutely, this has been something that we have at least been trying to highlight for folks over the past couple of years. Whats happened is the written has grown and finally the earned is coming through and many of the businesses that are different points in their life cycle at the startup that are transitioning out of their infancy if you will. They are getting the critical mass, the earned premium is coming through and you are going to be able to observe the operation being able to leverage those expenses more and more over the next many quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Just had a follow-up on the last one, so Rob if I was to understand you correctly, pricing up 7 and loss trend up call it 3. So, should we be seeing the core margins increasing by 300 plus basis points in future periods year-over-year?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Couple of comments, first of all, I think the typical math would suggest that it's going to improve by 4, but obviously it takes time as you know Greg, for that earned premium to come through. And in addition to that something to keep in mind obviously we are historically and expect we will continue to air on the side of caution as we adjust those deign loss picks down, but certainly the back of the envelope math Id suggest trend three rate achieved 7 and that gives you 4 but that will take time to come through.
William Berkley: I think you also have to recognize that passed redundancies mean our loss ratio picked for prior periods has dropped, May has been more than adequate so we will have to examine the (inaudible) since the pick is made on the waterfall basis looking backwards. So, that also could have some benefit.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: And then back to the special dividend which was sort of an interesting question. Would you all consider adding debt to fund that or would it be contained within earnings and obviously thats pending the election as you has mentioned?
William Berkley: We wouldnt have any need to add that, we have lots of cash the holding company and we have lots of dividend this past year or operating it, so it wouldnt be our plan to add that.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Okay and then shifting gears to the private equity portfolio, I think it was the last call you had mentioned possible monetization of 100 million or so in gains. How is that trending and what is the use of proceeds?
William Berkley: I think what I said in the press releases we would expect at least $75 million of gains in the fourth quarter. That really met the trident, be little more specific that issue and that one I was thinking about all our capital management, the repurchase of stock to special dividend. But we also have additional realized gains that we expect next year.
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: On the pricing side for the long tail lines, this is more I guess for you guys just how it really works. Do you take the embedded 4% in the portfolio, do you take the risk free rate, how do you think about the investment yield assumption in your models as you go out 2, 3, 4, 5 years in your pricing model. So, how does it work for Berkley Corporation and then how does the competition view it from a pricing perspective?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: As far as pricing new business it's a little bit of a complicated answer, but the I guess simplified version is we are very cognizant of what our money rates are at the time, obviously we take into account a duration so on and so forth, but as it relates to new business that we are writing we are focused on the new money rates and the premium that comes into the reserves that we set for our design picks that are associated with that business. We are focused on what type of return that money can achieve when we put it to work today.
William Berkley: I think a good example of that would be what happens in our excess comp business where we effectively lost a third of our business maybe even a bit more, because there is a place where our pricing has literally discount rate built in because those reserves specifically our discount. And the discount we use reflected the current rate on long-term securities and a number of our competitors use their average portfolio return as the discount rate we used the current available rate for new money. So, it resulted that with the 17 year duration of those loss reserves that our prices were substantially higher than those competitors when we lost lot of business to those people. But the fact is when that money float in they had to invest it in the same way we did whatever the current new money rate is. So, in some areas specialty excess comp it's a very specific impact. Other areas it's talking to the underwriters about the profitability of the business and being cognizant of the loss ratio picks that you can have given lower rates of return. 
Greg Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Some of your competition has said exactly that which is that they are using sort of a blended interest rate assumption or return assumption as appose exactly as you said which is that you guys use new money yields. So, in a way they are seducing themselves they think their pricing is adequate and overtime the returns just wont be there?
William Berkley: It only work when we are going to sell the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Two question for you. The first one, I want to talk a little bit about the acceleration of rate and the deceleration of net written premium and whats going on there?
William Berkley: Deceleration of net written premium?
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Yes, you guys were doing mid-teens, I mean it's 14 in 3Q, 11.13 in 3Q 12, I read that small but given that you had a significant rate bumps at that time, you would think that net written premium growth to be accelerating at this point? Maybe the startups were writing more business, Im sure there is a reasonable explanation for that?
William Berkley: Candidly, we don't, startup is very new business, quarter-to-quarter varies we don't view those changes at particularly materially.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: And the second question involves, when can we really expect expense ratio to start coming down given the higher volumes?
William Berkley: It will come down quarter-by-quarter. You have to understand that we kind of [converted] the year-end premium at least five quarters. The other thing I have to remember is the whole change in that calculation doesnt give you the benefit of growth and so it converts to earned premium. So, this whole new accounting change in that effectively panelizes you for growth. So, it's going to come down slower for us then it will be for companies that might not be growing as quickly.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: On a written basis on of the thing we have talked about when this announcement first came out as we also look at the decline expense ratio on a written basis for us quarter-to-quarter or last year this year is down 1.4% point and down 0.8 points on earned basis, so that gap will close and in addition as we continue to grow, it will be that much better. 
William Berkley: The earned premium, they are still seeing growth in earned premium that going to make that continue to decline. We would expect there will substantial declines in that over the next certainly at least five quarters that they have been already.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: One question I had was on the 75 million in gains was that specifically related to the private equity portfolio or is that relate to the more traditional fixed income book?
William Berkley: We are just viewing it as generally people know that we are going to have and we are. The answer is we have, we expect it to be probably private equity but there is a lot of places that there are gains in the portfolio that will be realized. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So, the question is, if you are selling fixed income?
William Berkley: It's that fixed income.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, it's not fixed. So, we shouldnt interpret the press release commentary to imply that Europe kind of harvesting some gains on a fixed income side. And then you talked in the past about this notion of fear, or greed turning to fear when the inflection, pricing inflection points happen. How would you fit that to the environment that you are seeing right now?
William Berkley: I think it really happens company-by-company when people stop seeing redundancies in reserves and start to see deficiencies when people stop seeing those cushions that they had now many quarters. I think that you have seen it happen in a number of companies and I think there were over 30 companies have deficiencies last year. I think the fact is that as people who think they have fixed their problem of deficiencies by putting up money to find out, another quarter and we look at our reserves and other deficiency, people start to get afraid. And when they start to get afraid they push on price, they get more disciplined on terms and conditions. I think you are going to see that and lot of people who were aggressive in writing workers compensation, especially like California places where people didnt know what they were doing and though this was such an easy thing. And I think there is a lot of lines of business that are like that, but I think you will see a number of people and that was a line of business that was so easy and they have managed to make a mess of it do not maybe a very long tail lines of it finding out which way. So, I think thats what happens from fear. You pick your problems, you said it's behind us, we fixed the deficiency and then the deficiency comes up again. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: You made the comment about rate and exposures and translating that to a top line. If we were to look at the regional segment, Im just curious like if rates were all up 7 or 7.5%, where does regional segment fall in that spectrum. And what is the rate versus exposure on the regional business?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Mike just want to make sure as it relate to the question, so as far as the regional piece goes, you would like to understand what the relationship is between rate versus exposure versus other premium so on and so forth. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yes, typically we don't break that out by segment, having said that what I can tell you the simple math is that it is again really it is all rate and plus a little bit and exposure is flat quite frankly.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So, it's mostly rate and exposures. And on relative attractiveness in terms of the rate gains you are seeing, merger loss trend or just in absolute terms. In the regional segment versus the other areas or the other segments and I realize it's a broad question because there is lot of businesses that roll up into each of them. But are you seeing more or less opportunity for rate in the regional segment versus the others?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Certainly from our perspective we are quite pleased with the rate that we are achieving in the regional group. So, we don't have any reservations about the rate that we are achieving in the regional group I guess to make a long story short. Are they outperforming other segments so to speak, they are doing a little bit better than some and are not doing quite as well as couple of others, but the rates are there getting there without a doubt clearly they are adding to underwriting margin we are very comfortable with both the taste that they are moving as far as achieving more rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Rob in your introductory comment you said you think that current rate changes stem more from reserve problems and from interest rate recognition. And Im wondering what is it that you are seeing that makes you think that, that is the reserve issue and not the yields impacting current behavior?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Quite frankly it's more anecdotal, but my sense is from reasoning with people in the marketplace and you hear what their focus is and what is really in the immediate term on their mind and what they are trying to address is pretty apparent that they are focused on how they see prior years developing. There is a lot of discussions around quite frankly the impact and thats income we are going to have, but quite frankly in our opinion if they are really focused on investment income as well, there would be more extensive urgency in getting even more rate than they are.
William Berkley: I think we talk to people in every place from ages, Presidents of companies and the thinking and the concentrations is inadequate underwriting margins and no one talks about the impact of lower investment income, it's just not a topic but in the front people s dialogue or in the front their mind.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Are you seeing of the same trends in terms of reserve problems by rate increases on the international front?
William Berkley: I think that we would suggest that it's not as easy at this for us to see those trends internationally the same information and same format is not available for us to look at. I think that there is certainly are a number of global companies that have similar problems. So, Id suggest that a number of the larger global companies have reserve problems, but in some of those cases bigger problem for some of those companies would be balance sheet problems related to asset. So, we think the issues exist on a global basis, some of them because of reserve shortfalls and some of them because their carrying values of investment assets which are probably not reflective of the real market.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Gene, can you give us a sense as the overall percentage exposure to property. I don't (inaudible) but it has in the recent past, can you give us a sense about what the cat load is with pricing that do you think?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Before Gene tackles the question, one piece Id add is, I think it's it would be a mischaracterization to suggest that we have dramatically increased our property cat exposure, and in fact what we have done is increased some of our exporters here to some of the shorter tail line of business, but property cat is not something that we have include our focus. 
Eugene Ballard: I don't really have a number I can give you, it depends on what part of the business you are talking about and it's a pretty complicated exercise that what cat load goes into each line of business. So, we don't have like an overall get cat loads off the book.
William Berkley: The fact is what we do is we examine our book of business; we examine total insured value, assess the cat value by area, by storm, by line of business and then protect ourselves accordingly. But we are even though we are now writing as Rob said more short-term business, even the property business that we are writing is not cat exposed particularly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Gene, can you give us more precise breakdown on the investment income, other ways you typically break it out in the Q with real estate and equity securities?
Eugene Ballard: In terms of their yields or their returns not changed so much from where they have been and those lines of business.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: The numbers for the quarter.
Eugene Ballard: I mean the core portfolio was up which are those three pieces up a couple million dollars and there is no movement within any of those category you mentioned, significantly one way or the other.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: It looks like then that the fixed income portion was up from the first half into the third quarter?
Eugene Ballard: The fixed income was up from when?
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: From the first half run rate, it look like it improved in the third quarter?
Eugene Ballard: I think it's very, very stable. We had some cash flow, our investment portfolio has grow so we are seeing little bit more investment income come through, but the yield has been pretty flat. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Second question, I guess when you are looking at price increases versus claims inflation obviously driving margin improvement. I assume thats on the renewal book of business that 7% price increase. But if your renewal is retention is 80% and clearly obviously lot of this premium this new business is well.
Eugene Ballard: That is accurate but our renewal business accurately as we said is about 10%. We do a new to renewal pricing relativity which we are actually getting a bit more on our new business then our renewal business if you will. I think we are getting about 3.5 more on new versus renewal.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: So, I guess your new business stem would not necessarily detract from the margin improvement that you set on renewal book?
Eugene Ballard: No, it's a bit of a process to make sure that we are getting apples-to-apples new versus renewal but our best estimate is in fact we are getting higher rates on our new business than our renewal business. And quite frankly when you take a step back and you think about it, it's kind of logical. You know more about your renewal book on your new business so you should want to surcharge the new business. I know that we are bit of an outlier based on what we see many of our competitors doing in the marketplace. But that is our philosophy and that is coming through on our results.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: And then the last question is, with the reserve development for the industry, you certainly see these isolated incidents, (inaudible) they seem to be different companies every quarter practically. And if you look at some of the larger companies public companies anyway that favorable development has continued to be an important source of earnings including you guys. Do you need to see bigger companies essentially face more pressure on reserves to get it more dramatic turn in pricing?
William Berkley: Jay, I think what really happens is big companies are able to hide the problem for a longer period of time. We are trying to think is this happening and then I think what really occurs is some individual big company reaches the dam if you will and then everyone else says, okay, lets just get it moved away. I think that there are lot of companies and I don't think companies are short, monumental amounts where they are in jeopardy as survival, but I think what it does is it point out that their pricing is inadequate. And I think that the hiding of shortfalls is reflection or the operating statements that the pricing is inadequate not they are in danger of insolvency. I think the middle size and smaller companies have insolvency issues. The bigger companys shortfalls are just if they are not facing the issues or getting their prices to be adequate. So, I think the moment the first one of those free companies that bites that bullet, I think you are going to start to see a bunch of others follows too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kenneth Billingsley of BGB Securities. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities: Just a couple of questions, one for Gene, could you give us year-to-date reserve release numbers again by quarter?
Eugene Ballard: The year-to-date by quarter, so we had 25 million in the first quarter, 30 million in the second quarter and 28 million in the third quarter. Total 83 million year-to-date.
Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities: And I realize that you talked extensively about reserve releases and the way it compares the market, just to add to that. It seems like a lot of the increases that we are seeing outside if you would, a lot of is 2009 to 2011 accident year's. And I know your mix of business may not overlay exactly with where some of the people are taking some of these increases, but could you just talk about what different in your observations that your reserve estimates obviously were settled all the different. 
William Berkley: I think by and large we don't expect problems in our current accident year's in essence because of how we established reserve that if you look at 09, 10, 11 they prove, if you look at then they prove to be more than adequate and we expect that will continue. I think the people who have found themselves efficient ended up being aggressive in lines of business that were most competitive and they generally follows the old saying that, the grass is always greener, and they grew or expanded dramatically in lines of business where they had no experience, no knowledge and no base of data. And I think that sure things do I say find a company without any experienced personnel and thats the kind of thing where they are looking for trouble. We think that the nature of how we chosen to grow which is don't chose a line of business you will get into, find a great team of people as for exactly that reason. We are not interested in getting into a great line of business we are interested in having great people allow us to get into a line of business.
Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities: It seem that some of the industry was releasing reserves from more recent year's a lot sooner than they had in prior decades and years of much more fact, corporate release reserves that were only 1.5 to 2 year's developed. Are you seeing in that as maybe in some of the issue as well is not only where they are aggressive but they still did well?  
William Berkley: They are in a more recent years, Id say 08, 09 some 10, 11 is really green, but remember we are only talking about $28 million in the aggregate, so it's not any one year where you are waiting to see anything that meaningful. It's a very small percentage of our reserves especially relative a number of our competitors. 
Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities: Were you shocked to see some of the competitors were releasing more sizeable announced in comparison to their total reserves from these later years?
William Berkley: I think fundamentally as we have referenced for a couple of years now on several of these calls, we observed what others do but we cant crawl inside of their minds and don't know whats going on specifically in their organization. So, we cant tell you that we feel is though it is appropriate, prudent to take a cautious approach to both pricing, setting reserves and then to the extent that there is reserve development in a positive direction recognizing that and a stop flow and controlled in a sense of making sure that you have a clear understanding as to what the outcome is going to be. We lost 35% of our business because we priced using the discount rate of marginal return versus average portfolio return. They look like they were brilliant, they grew a lot and as that develops over the years and they had to reinvest the money at lower marginal returns, they will pay for that mispricing over a number of years. It all goes to the pricing set. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg of Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Just being on the topic of reserves, Im just wondering if you could give us any color on how your workers comp business is developing and more interested on the primary side but maybe some differentiation between primary and excess.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: As far as the development goes, we typically on these calls we don't get into a lot of granularity by line of business or by operations so to speak, having said that there is nothing that we see as it relates to our workers comp reserve either on an excess basis or primary basis could give us any reason to pause. We have been pushing very hard for rate for an extended period of time. We have a great sensitivity to trend, particularly medial trend and we certainly are not blind or nave to local state comps benefits rate and whats going on there we pay a lot of attention to that. So, many of our comp related businesses or comp focused businesses if you will have been shrinking over the past several years. But to your specific question as it relates to our reserves and primary and excess comps we feel that we are on firm ground.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Any alternative segments I just wanted to understand what drove the increase in premiums, I know in prior quarters there were some I believe I may be mistaken there is some reclassification of some premiums out of alternatives or something, but Im just trying to understand, what is driving that is it primary.
William Berkley : On gross basis or net basis?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs:   I think it's kind of both. So net you are up about 18%, gross it looks like maybe it's about the same maybe a little bit less.
Eugene Ballard: You are talking about the quarter or year-to-date period?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Just the quarter, I mean you have 20% in the second quarter year-over-year and then 17% net year-over-year in the third quarter. 
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: The main reason there is we have got one couple of startups that have done particularly well. One in the accident and health business and one in the workers comp business. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And so is that kind of where you expect the third quarter is kind of indicative of where you target, there is no kind of one offs you have got.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: There is nothing unusual there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: [Question Inaudible].
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think it certainly a lot of it has to do with some of the startup operations having Id say plateau but the growth rate is not what it had been in the past. And so thats really probably the biggest piece of it if you will. Having said that there is some little bit of seasonality to it, so do I think that you are going to see a slowdown so to speak further beyond what we have seen, not necessarily but I don't think that you are necessarily going to see the pace of growth that you are seeing over the past several quarters. At some point that curve may not flatten out, but it's not going to be quite as steep as it has been as we have also suggested in past discussions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Flinker from Flinker & Company. Please go ahead.
Howard Flinker - Flinker & Company: What is your pay for the 2 million shares you bought in the quarter?
William Berkley: Round number is $37.
Operator: And Im showing no further questions at this time and Id like to turn the conference back over to Mr. William Berkley for any closing remarks.
William Berkley: Thank you very much. We are very enthusiastic, we think that as we tried to signal people, the quarters are moving as we expected. We would expect our expense ratio to continue moving downward. We would expect our loss ratio to move downward also as increased pricing moves through our earned premium at increasing levels. So, we are very optimistic about our fourth quarter. The one issue nobody raised that I want to point out is as we invest our money in other things other than fixed income securities we are not going to see that income through come through what everyone calls operating income. It's going to be lumpier. We think it's just as good for our shareholders as having income from bond and we think in this bond market where fixed income returns are definitively less than even our March depression levels, thats a better thing to do for our shareholders. So, thank you all very much, we look forward to our year-end call and having great results. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference; you may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  William R. Berkley  Chairman and CEO W. Robert Berkley, Jr.  President and COO Eugene G. Ballard  SVP, CFO
Analysts:  Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc. Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch 
Operator:  Good day and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporations Second Quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Todays call is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2011 and other fillings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligations to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir. 
William Berkley:  Thank you. Good morning. First, everyone should understand we do not [inaudible] insurance business. We got out of that business in 1986, and havent seen it since. Number two, I must be the only person that was happy with our quarterly earnings based on the stock price. Were pretty pleased with how things are going, were pretty pleased with where the business is and the direction we see things. Ill talk more about the general industry and our position. First, Rob is going to talk about the operating segments and then Gene will talk about the numbers and then Ill try to pull it all together and take questions. Rob?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.:  Okay. Good morning. Market conditions in the second quarter were a continuation of the trends we observed in Q1. Carriers seem to be increasingly aware of the realities that stem from a weak investment environment, combined with less robust prior year reserve development. Additionally, it is becoming more apparent that the benign loss trends experienced over the past several years may not be a proxy for what we should expect going forward. The reality of these ongoing circumstances continue to apply pressure to the situation, and it consequently is requiring market participants to refocus on achieving and underwriting profit.  However, while the need for a change in behavior may be clear, it is equally apparent there is significant tension between the desire to increase underwriting discipline versus the impact these actions may have on production. Having said this, by and large companies seem to be accepting the realities of the industrys challenges, and are consistently looking for additional rate while simultaneously continuing to show early signs of an introspective examination of their risk appetite. In particular, it is encouraging to see national carriers taking this path, given the meaningful tone they play in setting the stage for the overall market.  Generally speaking, the excess market continues to be one of the areas that is the most resistant to change. It would appear as though there is a misperception held by some that the loss activity that is occurring in the primary layers wont climb up the coverage tower over time. A prime example of this would be excess comp. It is our view that some of the loss activity that the primary comp carriers have been experiencing with time will begin to impact the excess comp market as well.  Having said this, perhaps the silver lining is that history would suggest that areas that get the softest for an extended period of time tend to be the ones that offer the best opportunity in a hard market.  Net written premium in the second quarter was $1.19 billion. This represents an increase of 12.6% compared to the corresponding period in 2011. All five business segments contributed to the growth, although to varying degrees. The expansion of the specialty and international segments continues to be a result of our market positioning, breadth of product offering and relationships, as we have discussed in the past.  The strength in the alternative markets was driven by improving market conditions, specifically in primary Workers Compensation. The growth in the reinsurance segment, primarily in the treaty division, we believe is generally a result of [inaudible] becoming increasingly sensitive to financial strength, as well as their confidence in the value our team brings beyond financial capacity.  Our regional segment experienced less growth than other segments, which is a reflection of the level of competition in their part of the market, and their unwavering commitment to underwriting discipline.  The growth in the quarter not only varied by segment, but also by operating unit. Of the 44 units writing business during the period, 31 of them grew a total of 23%, while 13 declined a total of 14%. As we have suggested in the past, our model allows us to focus on growth when opportunities present themselves, and the ability to shrink when necessary.  The companys rate monitoring report indicated an improvement of approximately 6% compared to the second quarter of 2011. This represents the sixth quarter in a row that rates have improved, and the second quarter in which we have achieved rate increase over rate increase for corresponding periods. Additionally, this is the third quarter in a row where we believe our rate increases have more than outpaced loss trend.  Our rate monitoring for new business showed that we are achieving 4.6% more rate on new versus renewal business. Finally, our renewal retention ratio remains at approximately 80%, suggesting, as it has in past quarters, that the quality of the book is not being sacrificed as we achieve these improved rates.  The groups loss ratio for the quarter was 63.7. This result included 2.3 points of storms, which primarily impacted our regional segment. The companys expense ratio in the second quarter was a 34.5. This is an improvement of almost half a point compared to the second quarter last year. This modest progress is a result of the groups increased earned premium, however it is partially offset by costs associated with some of our younger operations, as well as some changes in our reinsurance program. As we have suggested in the past, we anticipate a continued gradual improvement in this area as our earned premium builds. Gene will be going into more detail on this shortly.  When one puts all the pieces together, the group delivered a combined ratio of a 98.2 for the quarter. However, when one looks at the business on an accident year basis, we believe this reported number is a reasonable indicator.  The companys balance sheet continues to be in good shape; in spite of the challenges in finding investment yield, the average rating of the investment portfolio remains AA-. Additionally, on the other side of the balance sheet, we remain more than comfortable with our aggregate MOSS reserves. On balance, the group is performing in line with our expectations, given where we are in the cycle. Rate increases are outpacing loss trends, and as a result we expect our underwriting margin to improve as higher earned premium flows through. While a turn in the market always seems to take longer than one would expect, it continues to be comforting that with the many signs that would suggest we are well on our way. 
William Berkley:  Gene, you want to pick up?
Eugene Ballard:  Okay, thanks. It was another solid quarter for us, with significant improvement over the prior year for both underwriting profits and investment income. Ill start by going through the premiums, but I really only have a couple points to add to what Rob already said. First, for the international segment, premiums were up 22.5% to 208 million, with strong growth from both our insurance business and our new reinsurance business in Europe. And also if you adjust for the impact of foreign exchange, international premiums were actually up 30% in constant dollars for the quarter. Our alternative market premiums were up 21% to 148 million, with strong increases for primary Workers Compensation business. Our reinsurance premiums were up 14% to 113 million. Specialty premiums were up 12% to 454 million, but if you look at our 20 specialty companies the way Rob looked at the overall business, youll see the same focus on growing the profitable business. We had 14 specialty companies that grew by 31% and 6 companies that declined by 17% total. And the regional business was up 3% to 268 million.  The overall loss ratio was 63.7% in the quarter, which is a decrease of 2.6 points from a year ago. Catastrophe losses were down significantly to 26 million, from 63 million a year ago. Thats an improvement of 3.9 loss ratio points, as we had fewer cat events in the quarter compared to last year, and a significant decline in the average loss per event.  We had favorable reserve development of 30 million in the quarter. Thats 2.6 loss ratio points, and its up from 25 million in the first quarter of this year. Most of the favorable reserve development in the quarter was related to the specialty and reinsurance segments, and was primarily for accident years 2005 through 2010.  The accident year loss ratio before catastrophes was 64%, unchanged from a year ago. On an accident year basis, theres only about four points of rate increase in the earned premiums so far, and thats offset by our loss cost assumptions, which continue to be conservative. On a policy year basis, theres at least an additional two points of rate increases that will convert to earned premium and underwriting margin that will become more visible in the second half of the year.  The overall expense ratio declined .4 of a point from a year ago, to 34.5%, with declines of one point each for alternative markets and reinsurance segments, and 2.5 points for the reinsurance segment. The specialty and regional expense ratios were up slightly, and thats due primarily to changes in our reinsurance programs. These changes include a shift in some programs from quote share reinsurance treaties that had seeded commission to excess of loss structures with no seeded commission.  As I mentioned last quarter following the change in accounting for DAQ, weve begun to place more focus on the gross written expense ratio, which is gross expenses before DAQ divided by gross written premiums. On that basis, which we think is a better measure of our current operating costs, the specialty expense ratio and the overall expense ratio declined by 1.2 percentage points from a year ago, and we expect that trend to continue. The overall combined ratio was down three points from a year ago, to 98.2 in the quarter, and the accident year combined ratio before cats was about a 98.5.  Net investment income was 161 million, up 8% from last year. Income from the core portfolio, which includes fixed income, equity and over $1 billion in cash, was 126 million, compared with 128 million a year ago. Weve added over 900 million to the core portfolio at new money rates in the past 12 months, as a result of strong cash flow as well as the proceeds from a $350 million debt offering in the first quarter of this year. The annualized yield on the core portfolio was 3.7%, and the duration was 3.4 years for the fixed income with bonds.  Income from investment funds was 36 million for the quarter, up from 16 million a year ago. Thats a return of 22% in the current quarter on an average invested balance of approximately 650 million. Most of the income in the quarter was from funds that invest in energy-related businesses. Those funds, as well as the rest of our investment funds, are reported on a one-quarter lag, and we expect the returns for the energy funds to be lower in the third quarter.  The merger arbitrage rating account made a modest profit in the second quarter, and had an annualized return of 4.2% for the first six months of this year on average invested assets of approximately 315 million.  Real-life gains, primarily from the sale of equity securities, were 24 million in the quarter and 68 million for the first six months. In addition to that, we had unrealized gains before taxes of almost 100 million since the beginning of the year, and have unrealized gains of 750 million at June 30th, 2012.  Finally, Ill mention just a few other key numbers for the quarter that are in the release. Cash flow, which was 239 million, up 48% from a year ago. Share repurchases, we repurchased 1.3 million shares for a total cost of 48 million. Our ROE, which was 11% in the quarter and 12.4% for the first six months. And book value per share, which was up $1.93 or nearly 7% from the beginning of the year. 
William Berkley:  Thank you, Gene. We were really pretty pleased with the quarter, in spite of what seemingly others werent. We run the business, as we said, as owners. That means we count catastrophes. That means we count all kinds of other things. We look at how were doing as far as increasing book value per share. We think thats the real measure. We meet lots of people who say without catastrophe losses? Well, its great to say, but that, when you dont have catastrophe losses, you count the high returns that come from that chicken today, feathers tomorrow business. We also think that people who dont show realized gains and losses over an extended period of time tend now to show the risks inherent in their portfolio, and you can take greater risk and never be held accountable for it. That aside, I might mention that we do have substantial unrealized gains in our private equity portfolio, which was not in genes number of our unrealized gains, which as I mentioned before, we expect some significant portion will be realized before the end of the year.  I think the biggest news is were not worried about the cyclical change in the market. People that are parsing over 6%, or 6.5%, or 7 instead of 7.5 are really focusing on the wrong thing. The cycle is changing. Clearly the economic activity may well have slowed the pace of rate increases somewhat, but the cyclical change is taking place and rate increases continue to move up a pace. Whether it moves up at 6 or 6.5 is sort of irrelevant. As it continues, though, our view still is really unchanged that by the end of the year well be looking at 8 to 9% rate increases, and nothing has changed that. I was really trying to get across a message that this is clearly, in any short period of time, peoples psychology is impacted, and therefor price increases may have a blip for a month, but theres nothing thats here. The cycle has changed. Its no longer the issue.  So what are the things we sit and look at? Well first of all, when we look at our reinvestment rate for our portfolio, in spite of us finding niches and whatever, were just not able to reinvest at as high a rate as we got before. Therefore, while our after-tax returns are probably not much different, because municipal returns are better, and we bought a fair-sized portfolio of high-quality dividend-paying common stocks, the fact is, our yield has come down by probably 40 basis points or so, and is going to probably come down by another 15 or 20 by the end of the year because cash flows coming in and reinvestment rates are not as attractive. The biggest thing to worry about is our biggest concern.  Second on our list of concerns, inflation or no inflation. Were making some conservative assumptions and loss costs. Are we too conservative? Maybe. But just as important, were making conservative low-risk assumptions on how far out we go with our investment portfolio. Were investing with relatively short duration. Were still buying in the five- to seven-year area, and keeping our portfolio duration in the area of 3.5 years. That is because we believe the risk of ultimately having to face inflation is still there. We dont want to have a big charge in our portfolio when you mark the market, and not be able to get out of our own way. Therefore, were being cautious on both sides, cautious in our picks for our losses and our expectation there, and cautious in keeping our portfolio shorter than we might. In the short run, that costs us money. In the long run, its beneficial in our risk-adjusted criteria that we put forward for our shareholders.  We are happy with where were going. We think our returns can continue this way for a while. But obviously, if we dont see a turnaround in the economy where interest rates start to move up, at some point were going to have to look and say, Is 15% still the right target? The key to that target is return, its investment asset leverage for capital and its opportunities.  I think that from our point of view, were pleased with where we see things going at the moment. I think that there still are a few people out there doing stupid things on occasion, theres nothing we can do about that. Most people, though, are much more responsible. Its clear that this is a tough, competitive business. No matter how good an investor you are, you still have to have underwriting expertise.  Back a long time ago when I was getting in the business, people who were investment managers thought this was the best business to be in, including me. I found out that no matter how good you are at investing money, without underwriting expertise, this is not a good business. So, I think before I babble on, why dont we take questions. Tyrone, why dont we open this up for questions?
Operator:  (Operator instructions). We have a question from Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Your line is open. 
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities: Thanks and congrats on the quarter. Just going back to the discussion on I guess new business pricing versus renewal pricing and how the new businesses above the renewal. I know that in the past you had mentioned that you know, you examined the business makes and you revisit the lost pays every 90 days. Can we just sort of revisit that discussion and maybe tell us how the new business has been, you know, when youve gone back and looked at it, has it been performing in line or has it been different? 
W. Robert Berkley :  I guess once again to confirm, yes, its  we do review our reserves every 90 days by operating unit and we cut it, slice it and dice it every way that you can image or certainly that we can image. So far, as far as the new business performance from the past several years when we have been having some  some increased growth, we are very comfortable with both the pricing and more specifically the margin that that business is providing us. So there are no early returns that give us reason to pause but in fact, the pricing on that new business that we have been writing over the past couple of years actually has turned out to be something different than what we have suggested. 
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities: Okay, thats helpful. I guess the only other question I have is on capital management. You bought back some stock. Im sort of stepping back, you know, thinking about the industry, your discussion on economy. Youre expectation for I guess 8 or 9% pricing at year end. If it is softer than that, you know, should one anticipate more capital management for 2012 or is this a one-shot deal in this quarter? 
William Berkley:  Nothing is every one shot, everything in life is continuous. Yeah, you know, when you get married, how do they say, the ring is continuous, everything in life is the same way. I think that, you know, one of the things we pay attention to is our premiums to surplus and premium surplus continues to go down as our portfolio continues to do better. As I mentioned, we have very substantial unrealized gains in our private equity portfolio that are not reflected, that we expect to occur this year that isnt something that was in our calculations. So I think that money, that gain is something we may well use to buy back stock or we may instead decide to examine repurchasing our preferred. You know, I think its a continuing process. We dont reach the conclusion until the moment of do we want to sell the stock now, we would probably make that decision this afternoon.  But you know, the fact is that its opportunistic. As you know well, we try and run the business we think will get the best return to our shareholder and if we found an opportunity, we would take advantage of it. But the reality is, our capital account has grown pretty significantly and our (riding) surplus are going down. So theres  theres plenty of opportunity to balance all that out. So this was only $15 million, it was not a, you know, a huge amount. 
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. Thanks. And dont buy a crop entity, thanks for answers. 
William Berkley:  I appreciate your advice, Amit. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Gregory Locraft of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Thank you. I just wanted to, again, on the private equity, I guess harvesting the gains, can you frame maybe how much it is and what is it and then actually relate it on the energy loss for the third quarter? Can you also frame that as well? It sounds like you know 
William Berkley:  There was no energy loss. We said we thought it would earn less because it varies. So I dont think we said it would be an energy loss, I think we had the earnings from the funs related to energy will be lower likely in the third quarter than the second quarter. And you know, we dont  that would be not in the best interest of our shareholders. But you know, I think in the aggregate, theres certainly in excess of $100 million of unrealized gains in that private equity portfolio. 
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, so 100 million of gains that can be used, obviously, to buy back stock and the preferred by year end? Thats sort of how you think about things? 
William Berkley:  No, thats not what I said. I said that that will  that the gains from the private equity portfolio werent in our original calculations in examining what we might do, but everything stands alone. Its our capital account thats going to be probably somewhere better than we anticipated and therefore were evaluating what and how we want to balance it, which includes whether we call  well, we wouldnt buy it back, we would call the preferred, which would take up 250 million or whatever dollars or buy back stock. You know, its a constant balancing act. 
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then the last question is just, I think back in the first quarter on the February timeframe when we did the fourth quarter call, you mentioned that the year was going to be backend loaded. And Im just wondering are these sort of  is this the ROE we should be thinking about and expecting or how do you stand today versus that comment relative to [inaudible]? 
William Berkley: Well what I was trying  the explanation youre talking about was when I tried to explain to people how earned premium comes in. In other words, an increase in price comes in from an accounting point of view, accountants will probably argue with me, but lets just say 12.5% in the quarter. You write the business, 25/25/25 and 12.5 in the fourth quarter and so price increases come in later on. So in fact, heres the second quarter, were getting price increases from the second quarter of last year, the third quarter, the fourth quarter, the first quarter and the second quarter. So as you move out, by the fourth quarter youll get 100% of the pricing increases from the first, second and the third quarter. You will get 12.5% of those price increases will be earned from the first quarter and 12.5 in the fourth quarter whereas in this quarter, give or take, its going to be 4%. And if you said youll be at 8% by the fourth quarter, youll probably have 7% give or take in the fourth quarter of improvement in the earned premium. So its backend loaded assuming price increases are tending as they are. 
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Right, okay. And then I guess maybe perhaps just to clarify because Im  so really, what we should be expecting is material margin improvement on an accident year ex-cap basis starting 3Q, 4Q? I mean, youre showing it now, its just the year over years are going to be looking  were going to be getting hundreds of basis points of improvement starting now? Im sorry, starting third quarter. 
William Berkley: Well, youre choosing hundreds, the answer is I think that we would expect  I couldnt persuade my accounting people to give me specifics, they were so difficult to deal with then. But the answer is, if you said that youll get 2.5 to 3.5% improvement in dollars of our earned premium over loss cost by the fourth quarter, that would be a reasonable assumption. 
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Thats very helpful. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Vinay Misquith of Evercore. Your line is open. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: Hi, good morning. Looking at the margins once again this quarter
William Berkley:  I'm sorry, its not clear, could you
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Hi, sorry. Yeah, now can you hear me? Okay, great. 
William Berkley:  Yeah, thats great. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: So this quarter, the earned rate increases are plus 4% and I remind myself that historically youve had a 2 to 3% loss cost trend. So just curious why margins were roughly flat this year versus the prior? 
William Berkley:  Because we had more pessimistic people and they were more overwhelming and I didnt fight as hard as I should have. So you know, they were more cautious, but the answer is, youre trying  and I understand why, were trying to split hairs on whether it was 3 or 4 and we look at it every quarter, where we think loss cost trends, and honestly, the economy being a little slower than we thought will end up having us review loss cost trends and me may end up saying, hey, well, were a little cautious so we may go from 4 to 3 or from 3.75 to 3. Okay? So its a continuing process. So that optimism is not just in price increase or the rate of adoption and speed of price, its also in expectation of loss costs. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: [Inaudible]. 
William Berkley:  So I, you know, I think we were a little more cautious in the second quarter than we may well be in the third, but thats not a promise, its trying to give you an understanding that, you know, this is real-time stuff, were not talking about, you know, - I understand you have to invest day to day but were looking at this and we look at our numbers and look at developments and we have all these actuaries fighting amongst themselves. You know, one dies every quarter from fights and we have to replace him. So the fact is that its not always the one I want to die that dies. Ive got a few of those in mind. But the fact is that it really is a continuing process and I, you know, and I think that when I say I wasnt pushing harder, the fact is, how we all feel and how optimistic or pessimistic we are influences that short-term decision and as we get to year end, were trying to true it up as much, here it is, as we can and I think that we were a little more cautious in the second quarter than the economy ended up warranting. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: Fair enough. And then on the pricing, I mean, on the related comment on pricing, so about 8 to 9% by year end. Just curious as to what your views are for next year and also given the fact that the economys weaker? 
William Berkley:  Well, I have one of those magic eight balls in front of me, coincidentally. I have  they heard your question and I turn it and it says most likely. So I guess that means its most likely to continue going up at the same rate. No, I think that  I think that we would expect pricing to continue increasing at sort of the same kind of pace, you know, 8 to 10% rate, 8 to 9% rate, you know, if you used 8% as a target, that would be what we think. And I think at that point, youre starting to really move into very positive territory. But understand one thing, theres two issues that the world has to understand; investment income is going to start to really hurt a lot of people, a lot of people. People who are in the auto business and invested short term with a 1.5 or 2-year duration are going to get, you know, virtually no investment income unless they change the duration of their portfolios. We have been good at it, its something were pretty good at. So 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: You mentioned on the call that the investment deal is coming down, correct? 
William Berkley:  Yes. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: Okay. And then one final thing on the alternative. You mentioned that [inaudible] bought 100 million of  
William Berkley:  No, I said at least 100 million. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: Sure. Do you expect that to be released or sold in the second half of this year or is that just going to remain in sort of unrealized and not appear in the income 
William Berkley:  We would expect its going to  at least some significant part of that is going to happen this year. 
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners, Inc.: Okay, thats good. Thank you. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks, so just first question I guess is trying to understand Bill, your comment in the press release about the economy and the impact on pricing. And obviously the economy and exposures, a direct relationship there, but I just want to understand just a little bit more color on that comment, more follow-up.
William Berkley:  I was trying to explain to people that as the economy is under sort of more pressure, this is just not a smooth world. We're not independent of the rest of the world. Prices are still going up. Nothing has fundamentally changed.  However, we dont really see an acceleration quite as quickly as we thought before. We still think by the end of the year, we'll be at that 89%. If you would have asked me where we would have been in the second quarter, I would have said 6.5 to 7. We were at 6, so it was just slower than I thought. The psychology just isn't as powerful as I'd like it to be. But no directional change. You know, it's one month, people get depressed and feel pessimistic. Honestly, I think we're pretty much past that at the moment. And I think you're starting to see a little bit more positive attitude. 
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.: All right, thank you, and just trying to understand a couple things too, and maybe this isn't right. But as I understand it probably the U.S. instead of outside particularly in casualty, and your international business has been growing I'm sure as you added folks and are writing new types of business. But just trying to understand kind of growth in international. And then on the flip side regional, which as I understand is mostly U.S. has been growing slower than the rate change that you've been talking about for the last few quarters. So just trying to understand maybe the dichotomy is not the right word, but just trying to understand maybe the tradeoff between those two. Thanks.
William Berkley:  First of all, growth in new businesses in Europe has helped that, and Australia, and Asia, as well as Brazil, and Latin America. Some other parts of Europe have also grown. But it's been driven by a couple of particular things. Our syndicate employees and our re-insurance business in London is at the  I think that the regional business has been terrific with price increases. And they have not grown as much. Their price increases have been more than their growth, which obviously means we've lost some business. That's a segment of the business that is more competitive at the moment. But we're really pleased that in the places where the world is more competitive, the people are more disciplined. So that's why it's sort of not a uniform picture every place. Rob, do you want to add to that?
W. Robert Berkley Jr.:  No, I think that generally speaking, you've covered it. I think there are parts outside of the United States where there are really significant opportunities as there are parts outside of the United States where it's overwhelmingly competitive. Hence the point earlier that we have some operations that are growing. We have some operations that are shrinking into paint with such a broad brush to set such as suggesting. All markets outside of the United States that are more competitive or less competitive I think is a slippery slope.  As far as the regional companies go as I had mentioned in my remarks, it has been a little bit surprising to us how that piece of the marketplace has remained a bit more competitive at the same time. As suggested a few moments ago, our underwriting discipline and focus on profitability is such that we are prepared to effectively shed policy count as it was also suggested a moment ago in order to achieve the rate that we think is required. 
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.: Great, thanks, and then just one last one I guess is and Bill kind of your comments before about margins through the rest of the year and earning premiums through. I mean if we were to kind of fast forward to the end of the year, what do you think is going to have a more pronounced impact on margins and earnings? Is it the reduction in the loss ratio or the bigger premium base against which you're spreading your expenses?
William Berkley:  I think that the loss ratio will have a bigger impact by the fourth quarter. I think by the time you get to next year, you will start to see a real benefit from the premium. We are also you have to remember the constant balancing of what kinds of re-insurance you buy and how that impacts back to expense ratio. It's pretty significant. So I think there's a lot of moving parts that are in there.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.: Great, thank you very much for your answers.
Operator:  Thank you, next question is from Bob Farnam of KBW. Your line is open. 
Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Heading back to the European business, I'm just trying to get a feel for with your strong credit rating, is that really giving you a lot of opportunity in the European space?
William Berkley:  I think it gives us a lot of opportunity. Every opportunity has its risks. And we emphasize the risk adjusted return. And I think that we see lots of opportunities to grow and enhance our business. And we're cautiously examining those opportunities. Rob spends a fair amount of time over there looking for opportunities. And he's cautiously optimistic that something will come along, but cautious is the by word. When you dont know how something is going to come out, it's a pretty critical assumption, and there's a lot of leverage in these things.
Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, and can you just shifting topics, your liability duration relative to prior years, has your business mix changed and is that coming down or is that staying?
William Berkley:  No, our liability ratio is basically unchanged. It's about four years. Our assets are about three and a half give or take.
Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Right, okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question if from Meyer Shields of Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  Thanks, good morning everyone. Bill, just a question. If you're making a capital allocation decision deciding between a dollar profit in the investment funds and a dollar profit in underwriting, is there any difference in terms of how you would evaluate that?
William Berkley:  Well, I think from my point of view, the question is investment allocations, I can look at the same decision every day. Building a better business is always a more attractive thing for me. So I would always invest in expanding my business than an investment in something else. However, the uncertainty of an investment for instance the uncertainty of expanding the business is certainly not the same.  The long and the short of it is we always want to build our business. We always want to expand our business. And every opportunity that we see that lets us create long term value, we want to seize it.  And the tradeoff you're always making is you want to grab everyone that's really attractive. And we for instance haven't bought back our long term trust preferred even though it's a lot better return than the things we're buying because it suits our capital structure. So that would be a good example of it's always there. I can always buy it back. Dont use my capital resources for the moment to do that. So that would be a good example.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, sounds great. And Gene, if I can turn to the reserves, I guess I was going to ask for the releases by segment. And also in the first quarter, you talked about how maybe the $25 million in reserve releases was not a good run rate. Is the second quarter a better approximation?
Eugene G. Ballard:  First, we dont give out the reserve releases by segment for any of these calls, but we'll do that in our queue.  Second, I dont think it's any better run rate. I mean, that number fluctuates quite a bit as the year evolves. We get more and more insight into how the current underwriting year is performing as well as the older years and things change. So I wouldnt assume that's necessarily a run rate either.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you, your next question is from Jay Cohen of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks, my question was answered. Thank you very much though.
Operator:  Thank you, there are no further questions in the queue right now. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Berkley for any closing remarks.
William Berkley:  Okay, I think the one thing I want to remind people, which I think is so important as times are changing cycles, probably those people that followed our stock for a long time remember me talking about it in 2003, 2004, and on. And that is paid losses are the only thing no one can fool with. Paid losses are a certainty. They can vary quarter to quarter with storms and with other things. But if you look at paid losses to encourage premiums or better yet paid losses to earned premium including loss adjustment expense, that trend is a really good indicator for what our company is doing.  I would urge you to keep track of that for all the companies you follow, us included. You can't hide from paid losses. There's no except for. There's no maybes. It's a great comparator to see how companies are doing. Simple number, define number. I thank all of you. We are really excited. We think the business is great right now. And we're very pleased.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer W. Robert Berkley, Jr.  President and Chief Operating Officer Eugene G. Ballard  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities Keith Walsh  Citigroup Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc. Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Dan Johnson  Citadel
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W. R. Berkley Corporations First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2011 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone. We were pleased with our quarter. We were pleased with how business is going. We are glad all of you are here, so youll get the opportunity here about our loss reserves and so forth, we dont put it in our press release about our development and things in order to get a better audience on the call. With that, and well start with Rob talking about operations, and then will follow with Gene talking about the financials, and then Ill talk a little bit about whats going on, and then well take questions. So with that Rob, why dont you go ahead?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Okay, thank you. Good morning. Market conditions continue to improve during the first quarter. While our cycle term may not appear visible during any 90-day period when one reflects back and where we were a year ago, it is clear there has been significant improvement. Evidence of the change can be seen in many ways, including the increasing number of carriers publicly announcing significant rate increases. Additionally, we are seeing many market participants adjusting their risk appetite resulting in a gradually increasing flow of submissions into the Specialty markets. This increase in flow predominantly tends to be [risk] with poor loss experience or other competitions. Furthermore, the distribution system seems to have recognized and accepted that we are generally exiting the soft market. Consequently, they are becoming ever more successful and selling the rate increases that many carriers are required. Lastly, the continued accelerating growth of the state defined risk plan populations clearly supports the notion that market discipline is returning. Having said this, life is not perfect and that includes the insurance industry. There are a few carriers in both the standard and specialty insurance market, as well as the reinsurance market that dont seem to fully appreciate that things are changing. As a result of this circumstance, there is somewhat a lopsided barbell in the marketplace between those that are seeking late adequacy and those that dont get it. Having said this, the market is turning in spite of this limited number of irresponsible companies that are serving as a hindrance, not a barrier. Primary workers compensation and cat exposed property continues to lead other lines with regard rate increases. the reality of increasing loss costs combined with cat activity over the past several years have clearly caught peoples attention. Additionally, the impact of recent revisions to cat models as well as the growing consequence of lower new money rates continues to apply added pressure. While change in behavior may vary by territory and product lines, clearly the general trend is definitively upward. Having said this, for the moment, there are certain lines such as excess workers compensation and parts of the professional liability market that it remains more resistant to increase the prices. fortunately however, it would seem as though pricing has bottomed out in even these lines and is generally no longer deteriorating. As we have suggested in the past, there is a correlation between the duration of the tale  excuse me, and the time it takes market participants to recognize a change in behavior is required. Additionally, the lack of frequency can also experience a similar delay in recognition of underwriting issues. However, even longer tail lines in business that has become exceptionally competitive can overshadow these rules of thumb. As our Chairman says, even long-tail lines of business can become short-tail if they are sufficiently underpriced. The companys net written premium for the quarter was $1.2 billion; this represents an increase of 11% over the corresponding period in 2011. More than half of this growth came about as a result of improved rates. While all five of our business segments grew during the quarter, the lion share of the increase came from our International and Specialty segment. The performance in these two segments continued to be driven by their exposure to strongly performing industries, as well as strongly performing economy. Additionally, some of the operations in these two segments are amongst the most leveraged in the group and greatly benefit from a hardening market. Finally, a significant number of our younger operations are in these two segments. The groups rate monitoring for the quarter indicated an increase of approximately 6.5% over the same period in 2011. It is worth noting this is a significant increase from the 4% that was achieved in Q4 2011. Furthermore, it is also worth mentioning that this is the first time in several years, the group has achieved rate increase on top of rate increase for corresponding period. This is significant given it suggests we have reached a new level of momentum, where were truly to build upon itself. Additionally, with our renewal retention ratio remaining at approximately 80%, it provides comforting evidence that we are not sacrificing the quality of the book while achieving improving rates. Margin on new business also appears to be headed in the right direction. The companys new business rate relativity metric would suggest we are charging a 104.2% for a new versus renewal business. Put another way with light exposures, we are charging 4.2% more for new versus renewal business. The companys general philosophy continues to be that one should be charging more for new business given the additional knowledge we have about our existing book. Our loss ratio for the quarter was 61.8, while this is a similar performance to the first quarter of 2011. The result was achieved in a different manner due to varying contribution from the different operating units in the group. This result also includes $4 million of natural cat losses in addition to $2.5 million associated with the Costa Concordia loss. The expense ratio for the quarter was at 34.7, while this performance was in line with our expectations we anticipate, it will improve as the year progresses. Gene will be providing more detail on this topic along the others shortly. In the aggregate, the company delivered a combined ratio at 96.5. This result was achieved through the contribution of all five business segments generating in underwriting process. However, when you adjust for the performance to an accident year basis, we believe the business is running in the high 90s. We continue to have great confidence in the soundness of our balance sheet and in particular the strength of our aggregate loss reserves. As we have explained in the past, the company reviews each of our operations reserve in a detailed manner every 90 days. this allows us timely insight into how the book is performing. We would caution observers not to lead to the conclusion that the lower level of reserve redundancies recognized in the first quarter will be the new norm going forward. While it would be pre-matured to declare we are on a hard market. there is undoubtedly sufficient evidence, both in our results as well as those of others in the industry to support our view that we are clearly in a hardening market. The underwriting discipline that our organization has exercised throughout the sales market, combined with the investments we have made in new and existing platforms will undoubtedly offer increasing returns as the trajectory of the market turn continues to steepen and accelerate.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, Rob. Gene, you want to go through the numbers simply?
Eugene G. Ballard: Okay, Bill. I'm going to start first with a brief summary of the impact to the change in accounting for deferred acquisition costs. Im sure youve all heard enough of this by now. but in the past, we issued new guidance that limits the deferral of acquisition costs, those costs that are directly related to the successful acquisition of new and renewal insurance contracts. we adopted this guidance on January 1, 2012 and we retrospectively restated our previously issued financial statements to reflect the change in accounting. the impact of that change to our balance sheet at December 31 was a reduction in [dark] asset of $84 million and a reduction in our common stockholders equity of $55 million or $0.40 per share. The impact on our income statement for the first quarter of 11 was to increase underwriting expenses by $1.3 million and to increase our overall expense ratio by two-tenth of a point. There is a schedule on our Investor Relations section of our website that shows the details of the impact of this change in accounting on our financial statements for each of the past four years. We expect this accounting change to cause some delay in the improvement and the recognition of improving expense ratios especially when business is growing, and to have the opposite effect when business is shrinking. Ill cover this further when we get to the details of our expense ratio for the quarter. Turning to our results, with a solid quarter with respect to both underwriting and investment income, our net premiums written overall up 11% to $1.2 billion. As Rob mentioned, that growth was led by the International segment, which was up 50% with strong growth and the Asia-Pacific, European and Lloyd's businesses. That was followed by 9% growth for Specialty, 6% for Reinsurance, 4% for Regional and 1% for the Alternative Markets segment. The overall loss ratio was unchanged from a year ago with 61.8, losses from natural catastrophes where $4 million, it doesnt include the Concordia loss compared with $24 million a year ago, which is an improvement of 2.1 loss ratio points. Prior year reserve releases where $25 million down from $51 million a year ago, which is a difference of 2.9 loss ratio point. Most of the favorable reserve development in the quarter was related to the Specialty and Reinsurance segment and was related to accident years 2009 and prior. The 2012 accident year loss ratio excluding cats and reserve releases were 63.7 in the first quarter down nine-tenth of a point from a year-ago as price increases exceeded our reserving assumptions regarding loss cost trends. In addition our paid loss ratio was down slightly from 59.1 to 58.5, but as a good sign of that beginning to move in the right direction. The expense ratio was 34.7 in the quarter unchanged from the restated expense ratio for the first quarter of 11. As I mentioned under the new [debt] policy expenses are recognized earlier than before, which will slow the recognition of improved proving expense ratio somewhat. Another way that we look at expenses internally, and I know some companies actually report this in their earnings releases is on a written basis, which compares expenses incurred during the period without any (inaudible) deferral with business written in that period. This takes out the process of trying to reallocate expenses from one quarter to another and an attempt to match them with earned premiums. The written ratio varied a little bit more from one quarter to the next due to the seasonality of premium writings, but it provides a very objective measure of the year-over-year expense trends. And on a written basis our expense ratio was 32.7% in the first quarter of 2012, down nine-tenth of a point of 33.6% in the first quarter of 11. Net investment income was $158 million, up 8% from a year ago. Income from fixed income securities including cash was $119 million that represents an annualized yield of 3.9% compared with 4.1% in the first quarter of 2011. Income from investment funds was $28 million, up $16 million from a year-ago with strong earnings from energy and real estate funds, and the merger arbitrage trading account earned $6.5 million, which is an annualized yield of 8.5%. Realized gains primarily the sale of equity securities were $47 million in the quarter compared with $29 million a year-ago, and unrealized investment gains to after tax were $452 million at March 31, up from $430 million at the beginning of the year. We have a summary of our investment portfolio on page nine and 10 of the earnings release. Youll see the total invested assets were just over $15 billion at March 31 and were up $555 million from the beginning of the year. That increase includes $350 million of proceeds from a senior debt offering that we completed in March, and of that amount $200 million will be used to repay senior notes that are maturing on February of 2013. So all that adds up to a very solid quarter with net income of $135 million and annualized return on equity of 13.7% and an increase in our book value per share of 3.8%. Thank you.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So overall, we're pretty happy with the quarter. Our results are reflective of what I think are the discipline weve shown over prior years and substantial improvement in our performance, as we gain market position, were pleased with what we see. we measure our reserves carefully as both Rob and Gene mentioned. We are comfortable and in fact, our reserves as we measured in which as we look back at the prior three years earned premium, and then look at our total reserves outstanding, we choose three years earned premium, because that serves the duration of our loss reserves and our reserves are in an all time high, compared to where there has been any measuring point weve used in the prior periods. So, were pretty happy about where we stand reserve wise. Inevitably, our on-going accident year loss ratio is going to improve, its going to improve only because of price increases exceeding loss cost. So, as that 4% from the fourth quarter starts to come into earn premium in the 6.5% in the first quarter, as it becomes earned, were going to see improving result. So by the end of the year we would expect 3% or 4% improvement in that underlying accident year loss ratio. That setting aside, all the unusual variables you can see quarter-to-quarter in the property casualty business. But in fact with price increases where they are that improving loss ratio is certain to come into play. We think that while in individual lines of business you still are seeing people compete aggressively here and there, it doesnt take long before people figure out what theyre doing is stupid. But stupidity is not limited to any one company or any one underwriter, it pops up in all markets, we just notice it more when most companies are beginning to be disciplined and understand whats going on. So, yes it is the unusual behavior becomes more visible. I think that the cyclical change is always the same exactly how it implemented they will be different, but it isnt going to be a hockey stick and it never has been a hockey stick until some particular event happens, which drives a dramatic change. It can be a hockey stick; dramatic rate increases in a particular line of business or a particular segment of the market. But overall, were seeing good strong price increasing and the business is moving towards profitability. We dont think interest rates are going to dramatically move up. We think it is still one world and the difficulties in Europe are going to impact the investments opportunities, and we think lots of the marketplace has capital embedded in Europe. So its going to keep pressure on the overall market. So were excited, we think well have an excellent year. We would expect that we will be able to deliver on our book value increasing by 13% to 15% for the year and we expect that we will be able to have additional capital gains, if some of the things at Berkley capital and some of our other investments will deliver wed be honest gains for the balance of the year. With that Kevin, well be happy to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities: Thanks and good morning. Just going back to your comment regarding pricing versus loss cost; did I hear that correctly, did you mentioned that 3% to 4% delta maybe just expand on that in terms of your thoughts on the earned premium rates versus loss cost and how you got that?
William R. Berkley:  No, I dont think it was the delta. I think what I said is, we would expect that by the end of the year, we would start to see an improvement in accident year loss ratio possibly as much as three to four points. So, for example, by the end of the year, if my expectations are correct, let's just say by the end of the year, you have 8% or 9% increases in your premium rates. If you have 8% or 9% and you have, let's just say a 3% loss [product] increase, part of that would come through and then you waited for each quarter prior to that and Im just saying thats likely to give you by the fourth quarter up to 3% or 4% or a decline in Europe, accident year loss ratio.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities:  Okay, thanks. Thanks for that clarification. Maybe, I guess, touch up on California comp and where do you think those trends are now as it relates to the workers compensation, do you think the rates are finally increasing loss costs?
William R. Berkley:  Im going to let Rob talk about that. I think the answer is trying to get your head around California comp loss cost is a pretty slippery slope, given that they're willing to change benefits at a jump of a hat and make it retroactive. Having said that, I think the market realizes that they have significant catching up to do. I think the rate increases that we are getting at this stage in that book are certainly keeping up with our belief as to where our lost costs are going or well be over a period of time and were reasonably comfortable. Having said that, I think that the average pricing in the marketplace overall, they find themselves in a hole and even the rate increases that they are trying to get today I dont think is getting them to an underwriting profit in general.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, one other question, just going back to your opening comments regarding increasing flow in Specialty. In terms of  can you talk about the  whats the pricing differential between ENS versus, non-ENS entities for W.R. Berkley company on an average.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think the tricky part here is that, its not just about, it is an individual risk what a regional company with price adverse at Specialty Company, because it turns its conditions, its a lot of moving pieces, its not just purely priced. What I would suggest to you is this, and Im not to speaking about our businesses, but Im speaking about the market place if you will, is that  as I suggested earlier, its the risk that have a bit of hair on them, whether there would be property or casualty for whatever the reason may be or other issues are complications with  they are looking back over the wall into the specialty market and to the extend that they actually drift all the way over to the ENS market, the rate increase that exposure would be experiencing is quite material.
William R. Berkley:  I think and you have to understand how we got here. And that is, what we really gets us to a softer market is standard market rates, first they get cut a bit, and then what happens is they loosen their underwriting standards. So they say, were riding all those and not cutting rates anymore and what theyre doing is theyve loosen their underwriting standards, so business that historically was in the ENS market place or otherwise starts to move to the standard market. Then they had  injury, then they cut prices even more, because they compete for that (inaudible). So the sequence of things that happen is, first people start to raise their rates and then they figure out, they cant raise their rates enough to pay for this business that never belonged in the standard market at all, and then they  their standards that goes back. So thats how we got there and thats how it reversed itself, and thats how the cycle moves and the cycle moves and as far as terms and conditions all of a sudden, because when you realize you cant charge enough you just stop riding the business. So we represent the worst business in the standard market and its the business that they dont want to renew.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie Research Equities:  Got it. Okay, thanks. Thanks so much for all your answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup:  Good morning everybody.
William R. Berkley: Good morning, Keith.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: The first question for Gene, you alluded to this in your commentary around the expense ratio, maybe if you could talk about when do we start to see more leverage in that number? And maybe if you could even talk about that number currently excluding the start-up, so we see leverage there currently and then Ive got a couple follow-ups for Rob.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah, well I mean were already seeing in our written expense ratio, the leverage come through. I think like I said before that that calculation, that policy kind of slows that down a bit. But were seeing it today and expect it to continue not so much as a result of the start-ups anymore, but I think more so as a result of the fact that the top line is growing as much as it is.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Keith, in some ways growth now with this new (inaudible) calculation is a penalty again, and that is, youre not even recovering all your costs on the financial business. So growth is now once again, especially real growth, significant growth is not only not beneficial or breakeven its a penalty. So the faster you grow, especially once you pass some single-digit number, it starts to have an adverse impact, because youre not deferring even your real cost. So the faster we grow, the more adverse thats going to be at least for the short run.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup:  Okay. And then Rob, Im just curious, why is that net earned premium growing faster than the gross and the net written if rate continues to improve sequentially, I would have thought the opposite?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Could you repeat that (inaudible) make sure you understand that, Keith.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup:  Why...
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Why is the net return different than the growth written as far as growth rates?
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: No, the net earned is growing faster than the net written, and I would have thought the opposite if rate is improving sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Turning to Gene...
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. Well, I mean, the earn is a reflection of the growth not just in the quarter, but over the last 12 months of the growth rate.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Typically, insurance premiums over that.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. And we have some policies that are even longer than 12 months, so you cant really tie them directly to the change written in the quarter.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Theres nothing thats changed if thats what youre asking Keith. It maybe, because our reinsurance fee...
William R. Berkley:  Reinsurance is probably the big differentiator, because now we will, as Gene suggested obviously the timing of the earn coming through versus the written, now we will change our reinsurance purchasing over a period of time.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Yeah. I mean weve got different kinds of reinsurance that covers this year, which may have had an impact on it.
Eugene G. Ballard:  Yeah. That of course will affect the difference between the written  gross return and net return, and we have had some of that, but in terms of the earned, thats more just a different time period that were measuring there.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: Okay. And then just last one for Rob. on your commentary, sill few carriers dont get it. Does that imply a highly competitive market for new business and would you expect your retention as a result of that to dip below the 80% level thats been running at? Thanks.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: When I say a few carriers, I guess what Im trying to suggest is that they are the minority, and the greater marketplace, if you will is not only as a realized or recognized action needs to be taken, but it's actually translating into their behavior. So from our perspective, you are seeing a change and they are serving as  some of these folks are serving as an obstacle in front. I think the reason why youre seeing renewal retention staying in there for ourselves and presumably for some others is because the distribution system recognizes that market is changing and they are less inclined to try and shop business solely on price. So, I think all things being equal it's becoming a less competitive or an aggressive market compared to where it was having said that, it can vary by line of business.
Keith Walsh  Citigroup: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning everyone. I wanted to talk a little bit, Bill, for a couple of years youve been concerned about the industries reserves. When you look at competitors and peers in the industry, they still seem to be releasing a lot of reserves. do you standby your concerns about industry reserve positions and when do you think that has become an issue?
William R. Berkley:  The answer is, I think that some people in the industry have been more aggressive than they probably would have been. And like I dont know that I can tell you when thats going to happen, I think youve already seen several companies have deficiencies and by and large smaller companies have already had to address those, AIG had to address and has. But my guess is there will be more to come. but I cant tell you how soon that will happen.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities: And do you have (inaudible) on the pace of loss cost trends of where weve been one year ago, where we are today and where well be in a year, you can talk to a yearbook or you can talk to the industry broadly depending on how you think is it appropriate?
William R. Berkley: I think the loss cost trends are no longer totally benign. theyre certainly increasing modestly. The global economic picture always has an impact on how these things happen and come down. and clearly, I think the issues that are being faced in Europe overall will impact the economic picture every place. That being said, I think we passed through the period in the United States at least with the benign loss cost picture, but I dont see anything running why  some of you saw loss cost grow at 2% to 3%, I think that would be my expectation. Look at that in some point, the United States just like the rest of world is going to have to face up to the ultimate issues of how do you deal with deficits that have accumulated over a long time and inflation and all that goes with that. but we sitting here today, thats certainly more than 18 months away.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith with Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Hi, good morning. The first question is on the top line, whilst strong this quarter that seen to sequentially decline for their some sort of one-time items this quarter and how do you foresee your top line over the next two quarters?
William R. Berkley:  I think first of all, last quarter there was a particularly beneficial item that caused some of the increase. But I think the turn cycle is not a nice, predictable straight [earned]. Candidly, we were more optimistic about that growth at the beginning of the quarter than we are today. we didnt know why we were surprised that it was in the point or two higher. but only when you sit and write numbers on a piece of paper can they be very predictable Vinay, its not Im not trying to be cute, I dont really know precisely why, where, we had some companies that move much faster in the first quarter than in the fourth quarter. And then we had some that just sort seems to snap their growth. we had a couple of companies where because they were disciplined in their pricing and we were really pleased they were disciplined in their pricing. they actually contracted in the first quarter and we were okay with that. It only takes a couple of companies in the narrow marketplace on [one-one] business or another to make the business competitive for the short run. And that happened in a couple of lines of business. So I dont think its a trend and were in a position where we saw growth at this level, we thought wed be more aggressive in buying back our stock for instance. but were going to have to wait and see ourselves. We, at this turn of the cycle and at that moment in time, are predicting how much youre going to grow and how much price increases are going to happen, hard to tell. Were still very positive and we would still expect certainly growth at least the level were at now maybe a little more.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay, fair enough. The follow-up is on the loss cost trends now you mentioned that Berkley is looking at a 3% loss cost trend, some competitors out there are seeing its about 4%, that still seems to be, I mean not very high. how would you look at pricing in the industry, going forward and I believe you mentioned about 8% to 9% in the next two quarters. But so if in the absence of significant spike in loss cost trends, do you still see pressures building within the system for rate increases?
William R. Berkley:  First of all, I think a couple of (inaudible). I said, I felt loss cost trends were 2% to 3% and I felt and hit by the fourth quarter, I thought price increases would be in the 8% to 9%. I dont think that theyre now, I think that but continue to get a little better. I might point out that every 1% decline in interest rates. For the Reinsurance business you need 7% on price, for the standard property casualty company business you need about 3.5%. Youve had a 150 basis points decline in interest rates over the past two years, maybe or it depends who you want to use and how you want to measure and what you want to say. But just to offset interest rates, you need substantial rate increases without giving consideration for the fact that in Specialty lines prices have to come down 25% and in Standard lines, probably 15% or 17%. So, yeah, I think that right now, people who were to print their accident year results honestly, a lot of people would have for company results operating losses on a marginal basis. So yeah, I do think youre going to have to have pretty significant price increases. For a while, before the companies get to where theyre, on a marginal basis making money. You cant look backward to your portfolio, you have to reinvest the money each day and you have to look forward. I mean some of the people were going to be in the most trouble are the people will price their underwriting margins and build them based upon their average portfolio yields as opposed to the marginal portfolio yields, and theyre going to find out that companies are losing money. So I think price increases are essential for the industry just to get the breakeven.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay, thats good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Thank you and good morning.
William R. Berkley:  Hey, Larry.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Im just curious with the new business pricing at 104.2 versus renewals, does that allow you to basically make a loss [picks] consistent new and renewal business?
William R. Berkley:  Ill let Rob answer that. I think that precision to something that wed like to have. But Ill let Rob answer.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: The answer is that what youre suggesting is what we target and when we think about our design loss [picks] and we revisit them every 90 days, wed certainly contemplate what the mix in the contribution is a new to renewal business. Having said that, our approach to (inaudible) on the side of caution a bit was new business versus renewal business is not just in how we price the business, but also and how we book the business. From our perspective, as I suggested earlier, a whole lot more about your [enforced] book than you do about new business. So we look for a higher rate for new business and we probably air a bit on the side of caution as to how we book it from a design ratio pick. Having said that, when we look at the book that has been written, we are cognizant of what percentage is new versus what is renewal, as we revisit those loss picks once again, every 90 days.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Okay, great thats helpful. And then with regard to your comment on the reserves, the favorable reserve development for the quarter, and that we shouldnt assume that the drop this quarter is indicative of anything in the future, was there anything unusual in that or is that just to suggest that one quarter doesnt make a trend?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think were trying to get across the message, and the message is, which I follow-up on that when I made the comment that our reserves relative to the average three years earned premium is at a high level or higher actually than theyve ever been. And theyve gotten higher in each successive year for the past five and despite of reserve releases and that no one should think that the amount of reserve releases was indicative in somewhere another of our concern of our reserve position. we do a review, we conclude where we think we are, but we didnt want people to get the wrong impression. and frequently, people think that the amount of reserves you release is a reflection on your reserve position. I now think I can speak from our company as well as a number of others. I dont think it necessarily is, some companies who are deficient, still release reserves, they even  they released record amounts of reserves, it doesnt change the fact that theyre deficient, its just theyre more anxious to show better earnings. Some companies that are redundant are cautious in what they release and they may be getting more and more redundant. I think investors tend to read too much in about reserve releases reflecting upon a companys overall reserve position.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Great, thanks. And then finally, just reading between the lines Bill, I mean I know youre talking about kind of a gradual up tick in pricing this year, its still relatively moderate loss cost growth. But I sense that you still believe at some point in time, this is going to turn into a more traditional hard market. Is that an accurate assumption?
William R. Berkley: The hard markets always start this way and then something happens, something happens, because someone [cheated] more than they thought they were, and gets into [dyer] financial difficulties. I mean it happened to AIG, but AIG got bailed out by the government. I mean, look at all the billions of dollars of deficiencies they had to make up forth. And we dont know if thats done or not, they do have very honest guys running the business now and Im sure they will get there. but the fact is, none of us know where and what is sitting out there. and all I can tell you is that every time we go into the beginnings of an upward cycle, it takes people a long time to get through paying for their past sins. and usually, someone doesnt have the ability to make it through. I dont know who thats going to be and I cant tell you for sure. But there certainly are a lots of issues and risks to that situation. and I think that you can have other kinds of problems out there. We certainly dont know who might be impacted by the European issues and the financial issues of the European banks. Lots of the capital that supports the overall industry is based in Europe. But I think, there are a lot of uncertainties. I think the fact that is profitability increase is very dramatically with 8% or 9% price increases in this year, and with the same next year, you see dramatic increases in return on capital  return on capital in the high double-digits certainly for us high  excuse me, high teams. and certainly, in the second year of 8% or 9% both increases, our returns will be in the 20. But I cant tell you or help any more than that. But yeah, I do think prices will continue to go up and I think that those price increases will get to be more substantial, just like today, a few companies can restrain price increases by their aggressive behavior. those few companies end up going both; I mean this is what happened with the Reliance and Frontier. They caused a lot of people a lot of money, because they restrained prices in a couple of areas and then they were broken, and literally in one month prices in commercial transportation in October of 2000 went up 28% on average. So that will happen, there will be a couple of what I would call smaller to mid-sized companies with a lot of business.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Great. Appreciate your thoughts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thank you. First question I guess is, so if we backout the International segment, trying to understand what happened to exposure trends, relative to that the pricing change Im assuming this may not right, but Im assuming that price change outside of International in your segments was better than the pricing change in the International? and just one follow-up.
William R. Berkley: Mike, we typically dont get into the detail of the pricing so to speak by segment, I would tell though that the International segment while rate play the component, it had more to do with additional units if you will of exposure driving the growth there as opposed to some of the other segments where [lead] played a more significant component in the growth.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Right, if thats so, if we back out the International in Thailand, you just focus on everything excluding that, I think net written premiums were up just under 5%, and so if the 6.5% price change that you saw year-over-year Im just trying to figure out how to think about what happened to exposures and whether its regional or specialty given those sort of the bigger remaining segments?
William R. Berkley: Say that, I want to make sure I was following you. Gene was sending me a piece of paper, which was of not much help.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So if we take the consolidated results and we take out International written premiums, if math is right, net written premiums were up 4.7% excluding international. And you said that in the International more of the growth was exposures not rate, so Im assuming that 6.5% is probably just fair as a starting point for the business outside of international. So it looks like if rates were up, if you had a $100 of business last year and then you lost some, and then you wrote some new business, youre getting 6.5% rate on the business you kept. Im just trying to understand, why the exposure line actually increased less than the rate change? So 4.7% versus 6.5% I guess, is my question
William R. Berkley:  Well, first of all I think you have to breakout (inaudible) its a longer question and were going to answer you. But a big part of that is impacted by alternative markets, which grew at a very low rate, barely grew at all, and that was because of one particular area that in fact declines, because how competitive price their business and we had substantial decline in premium in that one area. So when you take that out, I think thats probably a little misleading so, for example Specialty grew at roughly 9%. Its a lot more complicated than we can answer on this call.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I understand.
William R. Berkley:  But I think youre underlying assumption is by adding up of how many dogs do you have. If you have 17 animals, its hard to give you an answer that will make sense, but I think that in the specialty business. And by the way, you also have to weight it by amount of premium as its not just adding up the pieces. So I think that the answer would be that the units of exposure in the alternative markets declined and price increase in Specialty business, but price increases still drove most of it and as I said, Im sure if you want to go through the details of it, we can try and to do that and Gene will go through with you Michael later on. But its not something you can sort of aggregate and just sort of add up, its a fairly detailed thing. I think its one of those cases where the mathematical conclusion is correct, but I think it doesnt give you the correct aggregate conclusion, because as I say, the biggest section in the Specialty prices were up 8.8% (inaudible) was up 8.8% and unit exposure were up slightly.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. Thats helpful, thank you very much. And then just one question about some of the new businesses either in Specialty or International. Did you add any new teams or new platforms during the quarter? And in terms of the capacity of focus that youve brought online, I guess particularly International where weve seen the most growth. What sort of percentage of the business that they were writing before they came online here, are the writing now? Just to kind of get an idea of pipeline of potential business there? Thank you for your answers.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.:  Mike, we added one new team, and theyre going to be focusing on the public entity space and at this stage they have not even begun to write business, or there is nothing thats been down. We expect that to be happening later this quarter so, there has been no impact from what we did as far as starting new businesses in the first quarter on the income statement. We do think that over time it will be a meaningful contributor to the group, but certainly at this stage theres been no impact.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter with RBC Capital Markets
Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, most of my questions have been answered. Just two quick questions. First, I noticed if my calculations are right, your wholly-owned investees reported a pretax loss, is that I guess a seasonal swing or is there any particular issues?
William R. Berkley:  Its just a seasonal swing they expect to meet their budget for the year.
Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And my second and last question, you talked about how primary workers comp rates been going up industry wide, although loss costs have been kind of unpredictable as well. But you said that excess workers comp isnt following and you talked about how there is still some competition in the alternative markets, why do you think there is a disconnect and do you think that logjam would eventually break loose this year or do you think it will take a while  going through the (inaudible) market, I mean?
Eugene G. Ballard:  Yeah, I think what youre really seeing is just as we have suggested earlier, the difference in [KL] or duration of KL as we had suggested earlier, excess comp has a much longer tail than primary comp, and as a result of that it takes a bit more time from insurance carriers or market participants if you like recognized that they have an issue. So I do expect that you will see a shift in excess comp and as we also suggested earlier is probably give or take bottoming out. But there is a bit of a lag or a delay before the reality comes into focus and youll see the same type of momentum, building in the excess comp line that you are seeing in primary comp.
Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. Thats all my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Thanks, good morning. Two quick questions if I can. First, for Rob, when I guess cost (inaudible) not to extrapolate too much from the first quarters as they are releases
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thats right.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Where you saying the $25 million is lower or higher than I guess the expected run rate?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: I think I was trying to suggest to you that I wouldnt hang my hat at that is the number or the level going forward. I think it would be very problematic if I answer to your question more specifically.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: (Inaudible) Im sorry.
William R. Berkley:  I think if you put that together, what I said you should have the answer.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Yes, now I think I do.
William R. Berkley:  Which is our aggregate reserves have never been stronger.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Right, thats why (inaudible) I think this is interpretive Rob, the first time thats why I was asking.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.:  Okay. 
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: In general, Bill when you think about the mix between property and casualty, it looks like youre a little bit more heavily focused on the property side than historically, is that a reflection of rates or change in approach because as a larger company you can afford a little bit more volatility?
William R. Berkley:  I think there is several things that happened. First of all, with interest rates down the difference in expected return for short-tail line and I dont mean property lines, but short-tail lines has changed, because youre now no longer getting the benefit of that higher investment return on longer tail reserves. So on marginal business that we write new business out, the improved return from casualty business is less than on shorter tail lines of the business. So, yes, we have shifted whereas longer tail lines of business used to represent lets just say between 85% and 87% of our business today and probably represents 82% of our business, still very predominantly casualty focus, very predominantly long-tail, but yes, consciously a decision that says, were willing to shift. Number two, pricing on some of those lines of business have gotten much more attractive. And number three, some of those specialty lines in fact do have some volatility that when we were a lot smaller company we couldnt take and now we can afford to take it, things like marine business where we can afford to have an adequate and that to make money on line of business. So, all of the above that you mentioned.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America.
Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Just one question, its just something you guys have talked about and that was in the quarter the underlying loss ratio was better than a year ago. I guess as I thought about it, I expected that the earned premium for the first quarter still reflected obviously business written last year, when price increases did not keep pace of claims inflation. So while I think youre right, you certainly should see improvement later in the year. I was surprised to see it in the first quarter, anything else going on there?
William R. Berkley:  Jay, there are a couple of things going on there, but probably the most noteworthy what have to do with a benign first quarter as it relates to property losses, and obviously that drops right through. So relative to what our expectation would be for property loss activity in Q1 versus what it turned out to be things were a little bit better and while there are a couple of different moving pieces, I would suggest you, the lack of property loss activity was the leading contributor.
Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That was my second question, (inaudible).
William R. Berkley:  But overall, I think that the trend of loss costs again were less than 4% probably, slightly less than 3% of the third quarter rather. So there is a slight benefit of those price increases in the third and fourth quarter of last year.
Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then on the fixed income portfolio, can you talk about the difference between the new money yields and the expiring yields or your book yield, I should say?
William R. Berkley:  Well, first of all we have been pretty cautious about reinvesting. In the past 45 days, youve could in a 10-year guess anywhere from 240 to 197 and weve been cautious in what weve done. So we have more cash than weve ever had I should say ever had. We have more cash than usual. We have, I think $1.4 billion cash give or take. So, I would say a couple of things were doing, Jay. Number one, were looking to try to buy highly protected mezzanine mortgages where we can get 5% or 6% that have sort of three to four year duration, five year at most that will help us offset by lower yields on our fixed income marketable securities. So Id say overall, weve started to invest between 3.75 and 4 in a quarter. So we dont  we think its going to have a slightly adverse impact. We hope thats going to be offset by common stock dividend yields, which we could have invested probably $400 million of common stocks based on (inaudible) yields and attractiveness for what we think will be gain, but not what I call a dynamic stock portfolio, but a conservative one. And in addition finding  the particularly small niche thing that we bought some housing bonds that give us tax credits that will give us effectively 7% or 8% yield. But it doesnt appear in the investment income, its going to appear in a lower tax rate. So for now we think were okay. Still sort of maintaining this give or take 4% boggy and our yield. But as I say, Im very comfortable as the market changing. There is no doubt in my mind about price increases and where theyre going. My biggest concern is the harder the (inaudible) turns and the greater our cash flow where well be able to keep finding niches to invest and then opportunities to invest at the current portfolio level. And I think that certainly the situation were seeing in Europe, which is the populous movement not to face facts of economic discipline, physical discipline is an issue were going to face here too. And if we dont, were going to have inflation and with inflation you dont want to lock in higher rates for longer terms, which we actually have not done.
Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then one last quick question, I guess for Gene. Can we assume the catastrophe losses were all in the regional segment?
Eugene G Ballard: Thats right.
Jeffrey Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Farnam with KBW.
Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Question on the excess workers comp piece, so with AIG pulling back in that space, have you seen any changes thus far and do you see that as a good opportunity to have that market change more quickly?
William R. Berkley:  AIG has reduced their relative competitive position before they had gotten more sensible, theyre pulling was certainly helpful. There is one company that we think was a very aggressive price in the business. They didnt price their discount on their investment yields and excess comp is average duration of the portfolios price by 17 or 18 years. And its enormous impact would rate assumption interest rate assumption and they based discount on their average portfolio yield, not based on current marginal interest rates, because of that share prices were from 40% less than ours and thats the one place in our industry where we loss business, substantial business. That company is in the process of being sold, so were hopeful their new owners will get sensible.
Robert Farnam  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from (inaudible) with Capital Returns Management.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, guys. How are you?
William R. Berkley:  Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: I just wanted to ask about the 4.2% higher price increase you are achieving higher than your renewal business. How is that comparison of pricing for these two buckets trended over say like the (inaudible) quarters? And could you also comment on what the down versus quarter trend has doing in the same time period for the new business?
William R. Berkley:  Let me answer the first one and then I will  then if you could ask the second piece, I didnt catch the whole thing. Relatively speaking within the certain number of basis points that delta between new versus renewal has been pretty consistent over the past several quarters. So that is not a new phenomenon we decided to start to bring that to people (inaudible) because A.) We think its relevant and B.) Surprise us how the industry in general doesnt really seem to talk about new pricing that tend to focus only on renewal pricing, which we didnt feel as appropriate. So the short answer is that its been pretty consistent.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And the second question was actually just how is your down versus quoted metric has been trending in your new business and say in the same time period four quarters?
William R. Berkley:  As far as those ratios by the group or by segment or by operating unit thats just not the stuff that we typically get into. I would tell you that new business is a bit more competitive today than it was in prior quarters, at the same time we are finding opportunities. And it has once a year as become a bit more competitive for new business and thats more I think a reflection on a change in the attitude of the distribution system as much as anything.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Johnson with Citadel.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Surprising, almost all have been answered, maybe just one question. As you move from more into mortgages on the asset side, you gave some good statistics there. But what sort of loss assumptions youre using in those sorts of assets relative to what you might be using when you think about corporate investments? Thank you very much.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.:  The mortgages were buying are all less than 50% debt to value. So were not really using anything with significant leverage and were all  the mortgages were buying have relatively short duration. So the things were using is fairly frankly, we dont think there is any consequential risk that was, were not in the open market, were not buying just stock as a marketplace.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Do you (inaudible) underwriting these or are you buying products from others?
William R. Berkley:  Im not going to talk about the specifics. Weve had relationships with people who have done this for a while
Operator: And Im not showing any further questions at this time. Id like to turn the conference back over to the host for closing comments.
William R. Berkley:  Well, thank you all very much. We are very enthusiastic and well, clearly we felt we will grow more in this quarter than we did. I think one of the things it happens in a cycle (inaudible) the distribution part of our business is sort of sitting and adjusting to price increase environment and not out shopping the business that also means until some of the companies start to  that higher standards or terms and conditions there is not as much business outlook I think thats going to start to change more dramatically. I think right now what we would expect to have price increases continue when to accelerate somewhat and as we said, by the end of the year wed expect 8% or 9% may be a little better and wed expect [growth] to get somewhat better than it was in the first quarter. So thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes todays presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-01 09:30:00) =====
Executives:
 : W. Robert Berkley, Jr.  President and Chief Operating Officer Eugene G. Ballard  Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Amit Kumar  Macquarie Vincent DeAugustino  Stifel Nicolaus Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc. Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company Robert Farnam  KBW
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W. R. Berkley Corporations Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2010 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Thank you very much. Welcome to our year end call. We were very pleased with our quarter and the direction of things. We think that our general expectations are being met and well start with Rob talking about our operating results for the quarter. Rob, do you want to go ahead.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Thank you. Good morning. For the industry, the fourth quarter seemed to follow the same pattern that its been experiencing for the past several quarters. Noteworthy catastrophe activity along with a continued deterioration amongst many of the casualty lines. While cat events such as the floods in Thailand would seem to be exceptional or perhaps unexpected. This view is questionable given the recent industry experience over the past 18 months.
 : Having said this, it would seem as though with every passing day, the industry continues to further set itself up for classic hard market. The attention of carriers is being fourth to migrate away from reserve redundancies and redirected towards the need for additional rates and more disciplined with selection. In fact, there is growing evidence that some carriers not only have been aggressive in their underwriting, but also may have been overly optimistic in the reserving practices and may in fact be (inaudible). Earlier in 2011, the spotlight was primarily on the need for rates in cat exposed properties and workers compensation. More recently, it would appear there is developing recognition that brought our actions required. Shifting to organization, the groups net written premium for the fourth quarter was $1.09 billion. This is an increase of 19% over the corresponding period in 2010. The breakdown of this growth is approximately six points associated with increased exposures of existing insurers including audit premiums 4.2 points of peer rate and the balance from the new business. As in the past several quarters the companys growth continued to come about primarily as a result of how we have positioned our operations at more recently. Marketplace dislocations as many carriers continued to adjust their behavior. While the impact of these circumstances are felt group wide they are most visible in the specialty and international segments. Additionally continued gradual improvements in the US economy is providing further assistance to our insurers which in turn we are benefiting from as well. The group's price monitoring showed an improvement on average renewal rate of 4.2% in the quarter, and just shy of 5% in December. We anticipate this trend of building momentum of rate increase to continue well into 2012. Further on the topic of price monitoring, it's worth mentioning, our metrics do not fully focus on our renewal business, but also on new business. Our data would suggest that the group is achieving slightly higher rates on new versus renewal business. This would be an example of one of the many metrics we have that provide comfort with the respect to the margin in the new business level. The renewal retention ratio remains again at approximately 80% providing further confirmation that we are achieving rates without undermining the underwriting integrity of the book. The groups loss ratio in the fourth quarter was 62.7%, which includes 1.3 points or $15 million of storm. Approximately $13 million of the $15 million is associated with the Thailand floods. The companys expense ratio in the quarter was 34.1%. This improvement is mainly due to the gradual growth of our earned premiums. We anticipate this trend continuing throughout 2012. The combined ratio for the quarter came in at 96.8 however, when one adjust for reserve development as well as catastrophic events the current accident year remains at approximately at 99.
 : This approach has led to 20 quarters in a row of positive reserve development. The greater property and casualty commercial lines market has clearly entered a time of transition. There is no doubt with every passing day we are witnessing an increasing piece of change when it comes to carrier behavior. Market participants are not only looking to raise rates, but also narrow their risk appetite. This is not only evident in the rate increases the industry is achieving, but also through the accelerating flow of business into the specialty market, as well as the rapid growth we are absorbing in the assigned risk plan segment of the market. We have seen these changes in marketplace behavior accelerated through 2011 and anticipate it will continue further in 2012. It is very difficult for any of us to predict the future with any level of precision. On a macro level things are generally unfolding, however as we expected. The movement we have been waiting for is rapidly approaching. Years of underwriting discipline along with tireless efforts of many has positioned our organization ideally for a turn in the market. The fruits of these labors will become increasingly visible over the next few years.
William R. Berkley: Thanks Rob. Gene is now going to talk about our financial results, and then Ill try then I'll try to bring it together with our general view of the industry and where we stand from a positioning point of view with the company. Gene, go ahead
Eugene G. Ballard:  Okay, thank you. To begin with, Rob mentioned that net premiums were up 19%. Premiums actually increased for all five of our business segments and for 38 of our 46 operating companies. That growth as Rob was led by the international segment, which was 43%, followed by specialty up 21%, alternative markets 19%, reinsurance 15% and regional by 2%. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates did not have a significant effect on those growth rates for either the company overall or for the international segment itself. The increase in our overall combined ratio of 2.7 points resulted from slightly slower favorable reserve development, as well as modestly higher catastrophe losses. Favorable reserve development overall was $40 million or 3.6 loss ratio points in the quarter, compared with $55 million or 5.6 loss ratio points, a year ago. Loss reserves developed for all five business segments and the reserve development was inline with reserve releases for the year, which totaled $183 million and averaged $46 million for quarter. Catastrophe losses were $15 million in the quarter, compared with $6 million a year ago. The 2011 losses included the $13 million from the floods in Thailand that Rob mentioned $5 million of that was in our own international business, and $8 million was in the reinsurance segment, and resulted from our minority participation in the Lloyd's syndicate. The expense ratio improvement by two-tenth of a point compared to the fourth quarter of 2010 and also compared to the third quarter of this year as volume has grown, and we expect that expense ratio to continue decline as the recent increases in written premium become recognized as earned premiums over the following year.
 : The accident year number that Rob referred to is 99% in the quarter is exactly where it was for all of 2011. Operating cash flow more than tripled to $185 million thats due mostly to a 10 point decline in our paid loss ratio. Our paid loss ratio is 59% in the fourth quarter and just under 60% for the full year. Turning to investment income, our net investment income was $117 million in the fourth quarter thats down from $138 million in the prior year quarter. The income from our fixed income portfolio was $121 million, down $7 million from a year ago. Despite the current interest rate environment, the yield on the fixed income portfolio has remained stable at 4% annualized for the fourth quarter of this year compared to 4.1% for all of 2011, and 4.2% for the full year 2010. Income from our merger arbitrage trading account was $7 million. Thats an annualized yield of 8% and our investment funds reported a loss of $13 million that was primarily related to the decline in market value of energy related investments that are carried at fair value. Those investments are reported on the one quarter lag and based on the more recent information we have seen on that we believe fair market values have already recovered that loss. For all of 2011 our investment bonds reported income of $11 million. Realized gains were $52 million in the quarter and $126 million for the full-year thats primarily related to the sale of equity securities and at December 31, 2011 our unrealized pre-tax investment gains including common stocks were $660 million up $144 million from the beginning of the year. Youll notice that we added a new schedule to our earnings release that shows a breakdown of our foreign bonds by country and bond category. You also see that we have expanded our foreign bond disclosure by reclassifying approximately $230 million of corporate bonds into the foreign bond category also by country. Our income tax rate was lower in the quarter thats primarily due to the realization previously generated foreign tax credits and with that we end up with net income for the fourth quarter of $118 million and an annualized return on equity of 12.7%.
 : The accident year number that Rob referred to is 99% in the quarter is exactly where it was for all of 2011. Operating cash flow more than tripled to $185 million thats due mostly to a 10 point decline in our paid loss ratio. Our paid loss ratio is 59% in the fourth quarter and just under 60% for the full year. Turning to investment income, our net investment income was $117 million in the fourth quarter thats down from $138 million in the prior year quarter. The income from our fixed income portfolio was $121 million, down $7 million from a year ago. Despite the current interest rate environment, the yield on the fixed income portfolio has remained stable at 4% annualized for the fourth quarter of this year compared to 4.1% for all of 2011, and 4.2% for the full year 2010. Income from our merger arbitrage trading account was $7 million. Thats an annualized yield of 8% and our investment funds reported a loss of $13 million that was primarily related to the decline in market value of energy related investments that are carried at fair value. Those investments are reported on the one quarter lag and based on the more recent information we have seen on that we believe fair market values have already recovered that loss. For all of 2011 our investment bonds reported income of $11 million. Realized gains were $52 million in the quarter and $126 million for the full-year thats primarily related to the sale of equity securities and at December 31, 2011 our unrealized pre-tax investment gains including common stocks were $660 million up $144 million from the beginning of the year. Youll notice that we added a new schedule to our earnings release that shows a breakdown of our foreign bonds by country and bond category. You also see that we have expanded our foreign bond disclosure by reclassifying approximately $230 million of corporate bonds into the foreign bond category also by country. Our income tax rate was lower in the quarter thats primarily due to the realization previously generated foreign tax credits and with that we end up with net income for the fourth quarter of $118 million and an annualized return on equity of 12.7%.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, Gene. Let me just try and give you some. First of all, I have to say that Im more positive and more certain without the returning cycle and where things are going than I have been in years. Cycles dont change instantly, they change slowly and gradually until further events accelerate their change, I cant tell anyone what those further events will be it could be a European insurer size having difficulty because of the euro. It could be a U.S. company who has reserve problems or an unforeseen event, I cant tell you precisely what it would be, but there is no doubt that a number of companies have not faced out for all of the problems or potential problems in this difficult environment both financial and industry. We think that that cycle continues to move along and the increasing pricing better terms and conditions it doesnt always get measured December, as Rob said, we were just shy of 5% average price increases for the quarter 4.2%, but that doesnt tell the whole story. There are lots of people who misclassify business and wrote excess and surplus lines business as bonds. So a 5% or 8% or 10% price increase doesnt solve the problem when they really need a 30% or 40% or 50% price increase. So we might write the business that are the [total REIT] business basis. So some of these numbers are little misleading like when you hear about price increases, in addition we ask to keep in mind that price increases go back to the pricing charge originally so if you misclassify excess and surplus lines business as standard market business you cant charge enough marginal or any additional pricing to have the business becoming profitable, it is in the different classified example. So you have to be careful what you hear and how you react to that there is no doubt that people are looking at the past several years results as our which years loss reserves and asking whether theyre adequately reserved, what their accident year picks have been. We dont believe our business is worst that any other company, even though our accident year loss reserve fix or combine ratio fix sort of 98, 99 give or take. We think we are a bit on the conservative side, but thats the strategy because we cant judge with the certainty about loss cost trends or when and if inflation is going to be around the corner. We are more confident today that inflation is certainly a few years away and we will be able to review our reserves with the more positive outlook going forward through 2012 because of that. So we are optimistic that just as we were able to deliver double digit returns this year that well continue to do so. Were still able to find some opportunities to invest that give us reasonably good yields, common stocks dont represent much of our portfolio and that will probably dividend yielding common stocks all likely to represent a bigger portion of our portfolio. Were all likely who is going to buy very high quality commercial mortgages 50% 60% loan-to-value that we think are very well skewed with constantly looking to things like that, where you dont get instant liquidity, but not very long duration still, we are not interested in having our durations a lot substantially overall. We think that the cycle pricing wise will accelerate slightly. I have been optimistic, it took till December till we touched the bottom of my pricing expectations of just about 5% and in fact it was just with that not quite. But the signs are that those pricing expectation are little certain in 2012 and along with that we are finding that people are coming to us because of our consistent approach, so even when we maintained our underwriting standards even when we maintained our pricing we were always there as a market. When we brought in new teams of people they didnt close people out, they gave quotes even if they didnt write business so we have teams of people who came to us having written $200 million, $300 million, $400 million, $500 million before and for us they wrote $20 million or $30 million of business, where they are sitting there well armed with capital and having maintained those great relationship and people are anxious to do business with them because they were always there, they were always polite they always quoted we think that we are going to get the benefit of that. So its not going to be the 26 companies we had five years ago, its the 46 companies we have, the core are old companies that we were made up Berkley Corp shrank by 25% so while you may have seen Berkley Corp get somewhat smaller the older companies shrank by 25% not many of our competitors did that. We think well regain that business and then some and well have the benefit of all the new business. So we think we have a great world ahead of us and were extremely excited. No doubt, investment income is going to be a challenge, its the challenge we are most concerned with, but we are pretty confident that we can find opportunity at this point in time to do not quite as well as they have done 18 months or three years ago, but certainly as well as we have done in the past couple of years keeping that yield around 4%. So with that, Mary, Im happy to take questions.
Operator: Certainly. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Amit Kumar from Macquarie. Your line is open.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie: Thanks and good morning.
William R. Berkley: Good morning, Amit.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie: Just going back to your comments regarding new business pricing and renewal business pricing, can you sort of talk about the other leg, you know which is the loss cost trends and assumptions you have for 2012.
William R. Berkley: First of all, I think that we would say loss cost trends are, 2% to 3% is our estimate so we think pricing now significantly exceeds loss costs. Number two, we think we have built into our prior years loss costs and inflation rate higher than what we have realized and in fact its one of the reasons were very comfortable with out reserve position now because it clearly doesnt appear at this moment that were likely to have consequential inflation and we were more conservative than many of our competitors and we felt that appropriate to build in a loss cost level and for that possibility and I think that we would probably see even considering medical inflation that was certainly less than 3%.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie: Okay, thats helpful. And I guess the other question I have is, you talked about business moving back to specialty, I know that in the past you have talked about you know losing a lot of the larger accounts. Im just wondering has that behavior changed this quarter, are you seeing any of that flow coming back to you on the larger accounts?
William R. Berkley: I think I general we dont see behavior changing in a broad based way  Rob (inaudible), he can talk about the (inaudible).
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Im not sure if I would clearly differently it by scale of account even though that certainly will [in fact] I think that I would choose to define that accounts that seem to have more hair on them those are the ones that are more quickly turning up in the specialty market thats how we never should have left begin with as some of the standard markets are common to their bookings and reacting so the competition around larger accounts, well that continues to a certain extent because it helps people make their budget. Having said that I think the great differentiator is really there is an issue of loss experience those are the consecutive account.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie: Got it and then I guess just finally you didnt buyback a lot of shares in Q4 and Im just wondering you know just based on whats your saying about the market conditions. Would it be fair to assume that at something which is somewhat in the background; just based the new opportunities youre seeing going forward? 
Eugene G. Ballard: Its always nice when a friend ask that question. Though heres  let me take you through the old story about it. So then maybe be we wont have another person to ask the question. First of all, you all know we paid just a little over 28,000 shares to the stock we bought back; less than book value. So we were happy with the stock we bought back would have bought more back if we could have at that price. We always try and buy stock back at an attractive price, even if it stretches our capital position; we would buy back stock. So if we could have bought a $100 million of stock back at that price, we would have bought a $100 million stock back at that price, or a price near that. We couldnt, unfortunately. So were price sensitive to what weve had. What we do is each quarter, we sit and look and look where our premium volume is going. How much excess capital we have and we anticipate we have, what our dialog is with rating agencies and where were going and ensure how much capital we have that we think is excess capital and then, we move forward from there. I could easily see if the stock sold at a big enough premium for an extended period of time to say to pay dividend, a special dividend. Even though in some way is that sort of wasted money because it doesnt help how people look at it, its a way to get money back to our shareholders and its certainly something we would consider. I think giving shareholders their money, better than money back, was selling at a particular premium is better than buying stock back if we have a lot of extra capital. At this moment in time, I think, we will continue to look to buy back stock. Its not that out of our price range, its in somewhat out of our price range. But theres a lot of opportunities; we think theres a lot of opportunities for growth and expansion and Im hoping that Ill be able to need every dollar of capital I have, but thats a little more optimistic than even I am at the moment.
Amit Kumar  Macquarie:  Got it; okay, thanks. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: 
 :
 :
Vincent DeAugustino  Stifel Nicolaus:  Good morning. I  just first starting off with the with a loss cost trend question and one follow up if I may. Looking at workers comp medical loss costs inflation from the likes of NCCI, it looks like medical loss costs running somewhere in the low-to-mid single digits, kind of you talked about earlier. But it kind of compares to an accelerating pace in the low-to-mid-teens in 2001. So my question is, does it  a lack of rapid medical loss costs inflations accelerations imply less industry reserving (inaudible) compared to what we had gained last time versus now going into the next hard market. Does that imply less upward pressure on work comp rates, as we kind of accelerate from here? 
Eugene G. Ballard:  Okay, Id like to make sure that we understood the question. Earlier you had referenced some NCCIs statistics, could you share those once more?
Vincent DeAugustino  Stifel Nicolaus: Sure, just looking at a different industry stats and kind of what some of the participants are talking about it; its medical loss cost inflation in the  say 3% to 5% range and if we look back to kind what was happening say in 1999 to 2001; we had seen quite aggressive acceleration of loss cost trends out there into the low teens. And so, if were only running a  lets say a rather stable [word in] the single-digit range, Im just kind of curious if without that accelerating very high inflation rate, does that mean that we wont see the same level of the adverse development, pushing the industry higher on work comp rates as we kind of go into the next hard market? 
Eugene G. Ballard: Look, clearly the medical inflation component is very relevant to many lines and a few more so than workers compensation. Having said that, I think that the fundamental issue that is driving the change in workers compensation, it really has more to do with how many dollars people were collecting per unit of exposure. And well, clearly medical is a significant component and people need to contemplate that appropriately and then coming up with their pricings, quite frankly, putting that aside for a moment, people just got overly aggressive as how they priced the business beyond this the medical component. I think in addition to that, other trend factors such as frequency probably stands out in particular as far as something that people were overly optimistic about and its probably one of leading drivers as to the change in appetite and behavior that youre seeing in the marketplace today. I think the medical is an important component, I would not [slowly] hitch my leg into that assumption as to whats driving the change.
Vincent DeAugustino  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats very helpful. And I guess just kind of following along that the rate topic here. I dont think that the lack of adequate underwriting profitability or coordinate [investment] income yields. It doesnt seem like that is  that surprised anymore, I think thats probably accepted. So Im just kind of curious if you see any risks pushing the market back into soft territories. If everyone is acutely aware of the poor operating environment. So I guess what Im asking is, if irrationality can persist in this sort of environment if were all kind of operating in this, the same environment expectations?
William R. Berkley: Well, theres no one who could dial a [phone] that doesnt know with irrationality can exist in anything at any time. So I cant comment on that. But I will tell you that if anything at the moment people have if  have not even begun to feel the pain of the under pricing that took place in 2009 and 2010 and certainly the beginning of 2011. So I think that irrationality aside, I would expect that there will be a lot more pain. And if youre back in history, at turning the cycle, it always looks like we did worse than everybody else, by expecting a 99 action in here when other people were expecting 95s, 92s and everyone has talked what happened to Berkley underwriting, they really have gotten sloppy and the answer is, we havent gotten sloppy, we just have printed the numbers more of a reflection of what they are. So I would suggest that many people in the industry have probably not adequately reflective of the current action in here is vis--vis their pricing and I think the pain is just beginning. So I would be surprised, but you cant ever bet on how foolish people can wish.
Vincent DeAugustino  Stifel Nicolaus: And in terms of that pain coming down the pipe, how would you venture to take a guess on how long it is before we start to see some installment fees popping up or that really just depend on what reserve numbers  company is going to  putting out
William R. Berkley:  I think, by and large the industry is well-capitalized, I dont  I think, if youre going to see an insolvency, its going to be under  its going to be for something coming up that we didnt foresee; someone who had a cap on the reinsurance and they mostly underpriced their business for someone whos more modest-sized company with a $1 billion of capital and just lot more than they understand or someone who has investment problems because they were too aggressive. Id be surprised if there were any (inaudible) solvencies with the exception of the exposure somehow or another to currencies or foreign exposures that people, no one anticipates.
Vincent DeAugustino  Stifel Nicolaus: All right. Thanks for all the answers.
William R. Berkley: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Evercore Partners. Your line is open.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.:  Hi, good morning. Sort of wanted to get some more clarity on the transition of business from the standard market, to the ENS market and I believe youve mentioned that, that was because of the risk selection, rather than just pure price. And so just around that, are you, I mean if Berkley able to charge a higher price versus the standard markets, and also why arent standard markets taking that business if pricings are maybe 15% to 20% as you would be charging because its  you know because its an ENS market versus standard paper.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.:
 : As a result of that, they are coming through their book and they are driving the business to seek another alternative in the specialty market and often times the E&S market. I would suggest you that by and large, the specialty market is commanding a higher price than the standard market is seeking, and I would suggest that the E&S market is an extreme, if you will, both from a terms and conditions as well as a pricing perspective. So I do believe that the business that is leaving the standard market into the specialty market is commanding a higher price, the written terms and conditions are beginning to tighten and our expectation is that the flow of business from standard to the specialty market will continue to accelerate.
 : As a result of that, they are coming through their book and they are driving the business to seek another alternative in the specialty market and often times the E&S market. I would suggest you that by and large, the specialty market is commanding a higher price than the standard market is seeking, and I would suggest that the E&S market is an extreme, if you will, both from a terms and conditions as well as a pricing perspective. So I do believe that the business that is leaving the standard market into the specialty market is commanding a higher price, the written terms and conditions are beginning to tighten and our expectation is that the flow of business from standard to the specialty market will continue to accelerate.
 : As a result of that, they are coming through their book and they are driving the business to seek another alternative in the specialty market and often times the E&S market. I would suggest you that by and large, the specialty market is commanding a higher price than the standard market is seeking, and I would suggest that the E&S market is an extreme, if you will, both from a terms and conditions as well as a pricing perspective. So I do believe that the business that is leaving the standard market into the specialty market is commanding a higher price, the written terms and conditions are beginning to tighten and our expectation is that the flow of business from standard to the specialty market will continue to accelerate.
William R. Berkley: I think I would add one thing and that is the underwriters will have this business and are looking at it un-renewal in the standard market. Arent equipped to deal with changing hats and becoming E&S underwriters, and underwriter at X, Y, Z company, who has written it [as a Bob] doesnt have the beginnings of the knowledge necessary to write it and price it appropriately, they squished it and mushed it, so would fit in their box as an E&S as a Bob policy which never should have happened. So the fact is the risk cant fit in their area at all, so it just, its not like, we are a Bob underwriter and we are going to then write something they just dont have the expertise.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. So I shouldnt be looking at the plus 5% saying, pricing is not up all at much why you guys are writing business, its really I mean its really an apples to oranges correct?
William R. Berkley: Yes.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. The second question was I mean you certainly seem to believe that pricing will rise more this year versus last year. Just trying to get a sense of what the opportunity costs that are waiting sort of rather than growing 19% fourth quarter, why not wait for a few quarters until you get more appropriately priced product to write this year versus last year?
William R. Berkley: Well, first of all, if you look at every market turn, we start to grow before the dramatic access in price, because its easier to renew business once prices start to change. You cant  this is not a speed boat, this is not a boat that turns on the dime and you say, okay, wait, wait, wait go and then all of a sudden you change how to behave. As we start to see these things changing, you got to persuade brokers; you got to persuade agents to start to give you the business. If I thought I can wait, it would be better to wait till that moment happens, but thats not how the real world works, it isnt like buying a security and selling it, its youre starting on that parade to build the business which you then hopefully will renew at a higher price next year. And we have the capital to do it and we think we dont write any business that we dont think is profitable. So the fact is that we started growing in 2011, because we thought the pricing was beginning to be profitable, and we think thats continuing to be the case and we will renew the business that we wrote in the first quarter of last year at a slight increase and an increase on top of that increase and so forth. So its just how we believe you optimize the results for your business, it just doesnt turnaround, you just dont go into an agent or a broker and say give me the business now, here it is, so we just  that we just dont think thats how you run a business.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And so in terms of profitability on the new business, what ROEs do you think the new business is being put on your books right now?
William R. Berkley: We would hope that we would achieve our 15% return, thats our expectation, every piece of business that we write we target that now, that having been said, there may be one  its one area or another that doesnt get us to there, but that also depends on the investment returns we can get, it depends on a whole lot of things, but I can assure you that if were going to look back at the business we wrote at the end of 2012, you are going to see certainly an expectation that we will have had and return that would average 15% or more.
Vinay Misquith  Evercore Partners Inc.: Good, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Locraft from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Yeah. Hi, good morning. Actually just one of the follow-up on the ROE. Can you do a 10 ROE in 2012 and if so, how will you get there?
William R. Berkley: Well, I think that we did more than a 10 this past year. And as we have said, weve shifted some of our investment portfolio to realize gains. So some of our investment returns are going to come as gains as well as not gains in the bond portfolio, also gains in common stock, even though we are not investing big amount of money, weve been pretty successful in that. So I think we will  I think the combined ratio is likely to come down. We think that we still have some level of redundancies and we are not sure how much that is, but we are going to reconsider where we think inflation is going to be in our reserves as the year goes on, but yeah, we expect to have a double-digit return.
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay. So I mean, I actually, I have the ROE this year as an eight and change not as a 10, but youre saying include investment gains, so you want to  its a net ROE, is that what you are saying not an operating ROE.
William R. Berkley: Yes, because were taking out all of our funds and so forth and taking them out and weve told people on two calls ago, I believe, maybe three calls ago that given our investment strategy, which is shifting that  we think that that income is a better measure, but
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
William R. Berkley: I think our operating ROE was a little over 9% for the quarter; I think 9.1% for the quarter.
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, okay. And then I guess, again, to the last question, you mentioned a 15 on new business.
William R. Berkley: No, no, that was  the question was how do we price new business. And the answer is we price the business with a target of 15.
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And when you price it at 15, are you picking it? I guess it seems to me that youre  philosophically, given how well the releases have continued, youre pricing it for 15 and then maybe picking it much lower, and thats why the reported ROE is significantly below the new business ROE, after  new business target ROE after all the  after several quarters of growth. Im trying to figure out whats holding back the reported numbers from the target numbers.
William R. Berkley: When they price it  when they price the business, they are not pricing in cushions on reserves and so forth [and caution] that we build it. As well, there is a lag. It takes time. So the results you see now are results from probably 2010, 2009, its a blend of years. Its not just  whats reported in 2012 will be a combination of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012, and itll be a combination of  those years will be a combination of reviewing reserves as we set them up. You have the unfortunate job of trying to make an extremely complex business into something that seems easier to analyze. But as you well know, its this blend of accident years that makes it a little more difficult. Im sure if youd like, Gene and Karen would be glad to go over on how that blends in, but
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
William R. Berkley: Its just not one accident year that gets reported obviously.
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then last one is just flexing the balance sheet. You guys are crushing it on the top line now. The markets getting better. Youve obviously built the engine for this kind of a situation. How do we think about the upside to your top line? I guess if you continue this, youll be at a [$1.2 million] plus premiums are surplus by year-end. Can you  how much can you do if you love the business on the front-end?
William R. Berkley: Well, I dont  first, I dont think we will. I think that if we grow at that rate, you have to remember we have retained earnings were generating. So if we do, even taking a 10 or a 12 because net income is what generates capital. So if you do that, were only going to be about [$1.1 million]. But the fact is, I think that if were generating high returns and we love the business, we could probably run at [$1.5 million to $1 million] for a period of time. But the cornerstone there, Greg, is what kind of return can we get. If were not going to get over 15% reported returns of net income, clearly were going to be constrained to grow at a 15% or 20% after a couple of years. But we think our returns will be good and we think that well have the capacity to grow as much as wed like.
Gregory W. Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Thank you. Just a couple questions in the regional segment. Im trying to reconcile written premium trends there to some of the commentary. So first, what was the rate change, if you could, in that regional segment of pure price or pure rate?
William R. Berkley: Well, we dont give it out by segments certainly, [we dont do that].
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay. So  but it sounds like it was positives. So
William R. Berkley: Every, all segments had positive rate direction.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Right, okay. So then  and then exposures were also positives?
William R. Berkley: Yeah, I think exposures in the regional were  I dont they were positive. I would say [flat or down], maybe even down a little bit.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay. I guess my drive is  so I mean just kind of listening to other folks and trying to digest what were hearing is, it seems like U.S. commercial line pricing, particularly at the small end, is where youre seeing some of the better pricing and some exposure growth. But it sounds like youre seeing rate but not a lot of  not exposure growth. Im just trying to reconcile those trends in terms of how that  are you seeing that in your book or youre not?
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Mike, its Rob here.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Hey, Rob.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr.: Let me take a crack at this. We certainly are seeing rate in the regional book. Exposure growth, it is there but new business is very difficult to come by, given what our view is to what rates need to be. So were able to get the rate that we would like on our renewal book, which is give or take running around 80 plus percent in the regional group. Exposures maybe up a little bit, and thats coming through in our audits as far as the renewal book. But new business is probably the challenge really across the board, as people are trying to hold on to their books, and [technically] the distribution system, given the change in market conditions, is reluctant just to be moving accounts around.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay, I see. I see. Then I guess just probably just you kind of talked a little bit about current  your outlook for rates, and talking about pricing and earnings through. How should we think about the impact of higher prices earning thorough and offsetting the negative impact of investment yields on earnings. I mean it  are we deploying where that should be  they should offset each other in 12 or you think that the earns-through of pricing is going to overcome the negative income of investment yields on earnings?
William R. Berkley: Well, first of fall, our fixed-income investment yields remain virtually flat, 4.1% down to 4%. So weve been able to find places where weve been able to maintain the fixed-income yields. The return on the portfolio was purely from investment funds returns. And I think Gene already said that in fact the loss under investment funds and those [their effects] are reported; it was a delay of a quarter, already have been made up. So we know the first quarter investment funds are going to effectively offset those. Also, theyre going to be positive by  I dont know, whats the number, Gene, the ones we know about?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah. Well, the loss for this quarter was $13 million. So it will be something less than that, but it might be  a lot of thats already been recovered, so.
William R. Berkley: Right. So the fact is that the funds that we reported with a quarter lag effectively are going to be $13 million positive. So if thats going to swing investment yield for example in the first quarter, its one of the problems that you have with some of the various accounting changes that are being impacted. In addition to that, weve been able to be opportunistic, and we still have a  while we have good cash flow, its still not overwhelming us yet. And weve been able to find things to do with the money at this point in time. So I dont think investment income is going to suffer at least in the first six months, which is a plus because the pricing impact take, as you well know, take five quarters to be fully reflected. They get partially reflected each quarter a little more. So itll be the third quarter before theyre mainly reflected and the fourth quarter till theyll be fully reflected. So investment income will be good. There will be modest impact, but very modest in the first quarter of pricing. Hopefully, expenses will be better, because volume will increase of earned premium because that comes in right away. So I would think that it would be an accelerating trend. So by the end of the year, things will be [better the risk] by the end of the year, the cash flow was such that we cant find places to invest the money. The positive is you will have all those price increases having a greater effect, plus what I expect will be [substantial] this year. So I would expect though its an improving trend; investment income is doing well, and certainly not going down because were not investing for short-term stuff for the most part. So itll be marginal new investments. So I dont think that that will be the case, and I think we only have about $1.8 billion that sort of rolls out in the next 12 months.
Michael Nannizzi  Goldman Sachs & Co: Okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets: Yeah. Hi, good morning.
William R. Berkley: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets: Most of my questions have been answered. I just had a question for Gene. You gave your yield, is that a book yield? And also does that approximate new money yields notwithstanding all the previous comments that [Bill has] made?
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah, it is a book yield, and it has approximated as you can tell by the fact that it just havent changed that much. So weve been able to achieve those kind of  nearly that kind of a return on our new earned investments.
Doug Mewhirter  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks. Its all my questions.
Eugene G. Ballard: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone. Mike asked most of my questions. The only other question was on really the numbers. Im trying to [seeing] Genes methodology on ROE. You said 12.7% ROE. Im trying to get to it myself. Can you walk us through it a little bit?
Eugene G. Ballard: That was net income. That wasnt operating income.
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Yeah, I still get only about 12% though.
William R. Berkley: I think that [youre reaching] that, Gene.
Eugene G. Ballard: Yeah.
William R. Berkley: I mean I dont think we serve the purpose.
Eugene G. Ballard: I guess the only point Id make is we use beginning-of-the-year equity, so that just [maybe].
Joshua Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Maybe thats it. Okay, that resolves. Thank you very much.
William R. Berkley: I might add, we have for 40 years used beginning-of-year equity, or I shouldnt say 40 years, at least 15 or 20.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Yes, thank you. Many of my questions have been answered as well. But Gene Im wondering if you can just give us the reserve development by segment. I know that comes up in the Q and the K, but do you have those numbers.
Eugene G. Ballard:  All right, Jay I think it will be glad to go through them, but we dont they dont get tight out until the end of today. And Im sure they can go through them what we have them in the aggregate, but they dont get fully tied out until the end of the day with KBMG signing off. So given its year end Id appreciate it if you would understand and let them give it you at the end of the day.
Jay A. Cohen  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Thank you, understand. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Howard Flinker from Flinker and Company. Your line is open
Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company:  Hello everybody. I have two questions. One an extension to your comment about possible bankruptcy is would be that the markdowns on sovereign bonds in the Europe could put tremendous pressure on some of those companies. Can you just talk about it we dont know how big the mark downs are going to be? And the second when it comes to return on capital and return on equity Warren Buffett would have allow the insurance businesses if we did not include this capital gains. The use of the money is part of your business. And so if you include it, it seems realistic to me. The first question is minor they are both minor questions. You had a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter, did that come from because of capital gains on muni bonds.
William R. Berkley: No it came from foreign tax credits that effectively came in, in this quarter for various technical reasons but thats all. But in fact capital gains are the same tax saving was regular. Municipals do give us a big benefit.
Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company: Okay.
William R. Berkley: But its foreign tax credit and its likely foreign tax credits will continue to be a benefit as our foreign businesses are expanding.
Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company: Yeah, sure. And second Im curious about what I thought was a terrific gesture two years ago when BP had a blowout. You paid your clients claims I think within three days something like that. And now its almost two years later, what kind of responses you had from those or other clients? Have you been able to acquire other clients
William R. Berkley: I will comment philosophically after that Rob will talk about the actual business
Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company: Yeah
W. Robert Berkley, Jr. :
 :
 :
William R. Berkley:
 :
 :
Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company: No doubt. I am just curious without mentioning names, but some actual oil and gas companies where drillers come to you and say wed like to change?
William R. Berkley: We deal through brokers and agents, but its a small community and I think that or else being the same people know who has good reputations and bad.
Howard Flinker  Flinker and Company: No doubt. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Farnam from KBW. Your line is open.
Robert Farnam  KBW:  Hi, there. Thanks and good morning. Just a quick question, pardon me if I missed it, but how has your premium retention been when youve been raising the rates, have been able to retain the accounts that youve been raising rates for?
William R. Berkley: Yeah, the groups renewal retention ratio is running at above the 80s, which is give or take a similar level towards the (inaudible) past couple of quarters that obviously gives us further encouragement that we are able to push rates potentially further and also gives us a level of comfort that the underlying book is not  is not being eroded from quality perspective.
W. Robert Berkley, Jr. : I might add that if you go back couple of years ago, when we were standing firm about pricing we were (inaudible) for a while. And we were losing business not because we were trying to raise rate, but we were trying to maintain rates and we were  our usual retention levels were lower, 75%.
Robert Farnam  KBW: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I show no further questions in the queue and would like to turn the conference back to the speakers for closing remarks.
William R. Berkley: Okay, well, thank you all very much. We are very enthusiastic about where the market place is and where things are. Obviously there is plenty of things that can go wrong in any environment that is volatile and uncertain is the economic climate we are in today that certainly we think that certainly in the foreseeable future things are looking very positive. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This does conclude that program and you may all disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Eugene G. Ballard - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President W. Robert Berkley - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, Member of Executive Committee, Vice Chairman of Berkley International LLC and President of Berkley International LLC William R. Berkley - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research Unknown Analyst -  Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to W.R. Berkley Corporation's Third's Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded.  The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words, including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2010 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would like to turn call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Thank you very much, Karen. We had a good quarter. We were pleased with our results. It's roughly a year since we told you we expected the market to start to turn and we were going to begin to put pressure on raising prices. Unfortunately, we were early in that process but we, in fact, went through -- basically, starting at year-end, we continued that process. We had now our third successive quarter of increasing prices. It's been somewhat erratic, although generally month after month with some variation at the end of each quarter where our competitors were competing for volume more aggressively, where we've been able to deliver those price increases somewhat more slowly than I have expected, but not significantly. We've said that we expect, by year end, the price increases, looking back, will be 5% to 8%, and I think it will be a little above the bottom of that level, but we won't get to that 8%, I don't think at the end of the year. The environment continues to be competitive, but nothing approaching where it was a year ago. So I'll first turnover to report on our operations to Rob and then Gene will talk about the financials and I'll give an overall view. So, Rob?
W. Robert Berkley: Thank you, good morning. Cash-free activity persisted through the third quarter, leaving 2011 a year to be remembered or perhaps for some, a year they would like to forget. Clearly, the uptick in frequency of cash [ph] is forcing many industry participants to reexamine how they define their P&Ls. Additionally, the value that geographic spread brings to a property portfolio has become questionable during the number of severe events that have occurred around world over the past several quarters. Unfortunately, the casualty market is not a prettier picture. Our ongoing expectations that the industry's casualty/accident year loss ratios are on the rise continue to become a growing reality. Aggressive pricing over the past several years, combined with increasing loss trends, is proving to be a recipe for significant deterioration in industry results. Finally, the current interest rate environment is having a gradual yet building negative impact on overall returns. Some of the lines of business that stand out as being amongst the most competitive are in the excess casualty and excess professional liability space. In particular, public company, D&O seems to be leading the charge when it comes to irrational pricing. Unfortunately, a common characteristic amongst these lines is the lack of loss frequency, as well as a longer period of loss development. Consequently, carriers may be lulled into a temporary, yet false, sense of comfort with inadequate rates due to the lag in time before their portfolios true loss costs become apparent. In spite of these challenges that I've mentioned, there is a rapidly growing level of evidence that would support we are in the initial stages of a noteworthy change in market conditions. The commentary we have been hearing in the marketplace regarding the need for action as it relates to both pricing and, with selection, is finally beginning to converge into a change in behavior. This shift in behavior is visible to the increasing amounts of business that is being thrown out of the standard market into the specialty market, as well as carrier's ability to achieve rate increases without sacrificing renewal retention ratios and continued growth in the assigned risk plan policy count. While the states of change is not uniform across all territories and product lines, it remains clear that this is an increasing trend spreading throughout the industry. Additional encouragement can be drawn from the growth in auto premium activity, which would appear to be stronger today than it has been in several quarters. This apparent strength in auto premiums is a clear sign that the financial health of our insureds has improved. The company's net written premium for the quarter was approximately $1.13 billion, this represents an increase of 14% over Q3 2010. The main contributor to this growth, as in the past several quarters, were our specialty and international segments. More specifically, our operations that serve industries, as well as economies that continue to maintain significant momentum. Furthermore, the balance of our operations are, in general, no longer shrinking and, in many cases, are finding opportunities for modest growth. The company's price monitoring showed an improvement in the rate of 3% for the quarter compared to the corresponding period in 2010. Additionally, it's worth mentioning, rates were up approximately 3.5% in the month of September. One should also take note that this is the third quarter in a row where we achieved a growing level of rate increase. The renewal retention ratio remained at approximately 80%, providing evidence that the quality of the book is not eroding, as we achieve rate improvement. The loss ratio for the quarter was at 64.8%, which includes 4.8 points of storm. This level of storm activity is notably above our historic experience and was primarily driven by losses stemming from Hurricane Irene as well as an unusually high level of weather-related activity, principally in the Midwest. Our expense ratio for the third quarter was at 34.3%, this represents an improvement of roughly 0.5 points over the second quarter. We anticipate this trend continuing as our earnings premium build. To make a long story short, the company generated a combined ratio of 99.1% for the third quarter. Having said this, when you adjust for abnormal catastrophes, as well as a reserve take down, the business continues to run at just under 100%. The company's balance sheet remains strong on both sides of the ledger. In particular, when it comes to our loss reserves, we continue to believe that it is not advisable to presume that future loss trends will remain as benign as they have been over the past several years. More specifically, we tend to be measured with our initial loss picks and recognize this caution as the books develop. This approach continues to be evident through the results of our quarterly individual operating unit actual analysis, leading to 19 quarters in a row of positive group reserve development. The property and casualty insurance industry continues to be one that seems to have to learn the hard way. It has become increasingly apparent over the past 2 quarters, that painful lesson resulting from irresponsible underwriting has in fact, arrived. It is this bittersweet reality that is driving the apparent change in behavior that we're observing at an ever-increasing pace. The need for additional rate continues to remain painfully obvious, and it's finally beginning to be accepted and acted upon. Over the past few years, the company has remained focused on underwriting discipline, as well as investing in existing operations and selectively starting new ones. As a consequence of this activity, our shareholders have patiently endured an increasing expense ratio. Having said this, it has remained our belief that we are on the cusp of receiving a return on this investment. It is our strong view that the company remains particularly well positioned to disproportionately take advantage of this change in the market. Thank you.
William R. Berkley: Gene, you want pick up now with the numbers?
Eugene G. Ballard: Okay. Well, thanks. Well, first just back to premiums for a moment, the 14% growth in premiums that Rob mentioned, that was led by the international segment, that international segment is actually up. Net premiums are up 34% for the quarter, that's primarily a result of strong growth in our new Lloyd's operation, as well as our Asia-Pacific branch. And approximately 4 points of the 34% increase for international was due to changes in foreign exchange rates. The specialty alternative market and regional segments were each up 15%, as all of those segments have benefited from ventures that we've formed over the last 5 to 7 years. And our regional segment, where we formed fewer new ventures over that time period, was up 2%. Gross premiums were up 16.5%, slightly higher than net premiums, and that's again, due to the fact that we're seeing a greater portion of the business written by some of our newer companies. The overall combined ratio was 99.1%, up 3.7 points from a year ago, and that's primarily a result of the higher catastrophe losses that Rob described. Catastrophe losses represented 4.8 loss ratio points this year compared to 2.3 loss ratio points a year ago. Total catastrophe losses were $51 million, and that included $32 million for regional segment, $6.5 million each for the specialty and region -- reinsurance segment, $5 million for international and $1 million for alternative markets. We had favorable reserve development of $56 million in the quarter, and that compares with $51 million in last year's third quarter. The impact was 5.3 loss ratio points in both periods. All 5 of our business segments reported favorable development in the third quarter of this year, with a majority attributable to the specialty segment. The underlying loss ratio, before cats in reserve releases, was 65.2%, that's up just 0.4 from a year ago, as price increases and changes in business mix has basically offset any changes in loss costs. That gives us an overall combined ratio of 99.1%, and an accident year, combined before cats, of 99.5%. Our quarterly pay loss ratio was 61.5%, unchanged from a year ago, and our operating cash flow was up 32% to $269 million. As you probably heard by now, the FASB has issued new guidance on deferred acquisition costs, and we plan to adopt those new rules on January 1, 2012. We do not expect the new guidance to have a material or significant impact on either our expenses or our operating earnings in 2012. However, the initial adoption of this new standard will result in a reduction of the deferred acquisition asset on our balance sheet and a corresponding decline in book value. We've estimated that the adjustment to book value will be less than $0.30 per share. Net investment income was $114 million in the quarter, that's down 4% from $119 million a year ago. And investment income for the fixed maturity portfolio including invested cash, was $123 million, unchanged from a year ago. And the annualized yield for the fixed income portfolio was also unchanged, even though our average duration remained at 3.5 years. So far, we've been able to maintain the yield on the fixed income portfolio, in part because the decline in treasury yields has been somewhat offset by wider spreads for non-treasury products. And secondly, we've been able to invest a slightly higher portion of our cash flow in both corporate and agency mortgage-backed securities. With respect to merger arbitrage, our in-house account broke even in the third quarter and our externally managed account reported a loss of $3 million. That compares with arbitrage earnings of $14 million for both accounts in the third quarter of 2010. Also, investment funds reported a loss of $8 million in the quarter, that compares with a loss of $19 million a year ago. Within that energy-related funds, which are carried at fair value, reported a loss of $12 million, while real-estate and other funds reported earnings of $4 million. The energy fund losses reflect, primarily, the impact of lower oil prices on companies for which the fair value estimates are closely related to the price of oil. Realized gains from the sale of investments were $21 million in the quarter and our unrealized investment gains, before tax, were $632 million at September 30. We repurchased 4 million shares of our own stock in the third quarter, and that brings us to a total of 5.1 million shares, so far, in 2011. And finally, that gives us an annualized return on equity of 8.4% in the quarter and 10% for the first 9 months of 2011.
William R. Berkley: Thanks, Gene. So we're pretty pleased that prices continue to move upward. Opportunities in our market are increasing, as standard markets push aside some of the business. All is not perfect, some areas of the business such as worker's comp have double-digit price increases, other areas are still seeing virtually no increase. But overall, there's no question the market turn is definitive, it's here. Almost all our lines of business are having those price increases. Terms and conditions are getting a bit better here and there, and the opportunities in the specialty areas are beginning to increase. We're pleased by all that, the rate of our growth is mainly being shown as our new entrants, or they're not so new anymore, have gained traction and are adding to our bottom line. We continue to have several companies that we've added in the past year in the technology area, reinsurance enterprise that will start up in the U.K., and we continue to work towards broadening our horizon in areas of the business that offer the opportunity for us to achieve our 15% plus return. We think we still can attain that, and while treasury yields have come down dramatically, the spreads on mortgage-backed securities and corporates have gotten wider, and thus, investment returns have gone down a bit, but not nearly so much as it would look when you examine treasury yields first. I think, we disagree with several of our competitors who elected to lower the quality of their portfolio in order to gain yield. We don't think that the world is as wonderful as it might be, and while we believe the economy is going to get stronger and we're optimistic, we today, as always, have felt we take our risk in the Insurance business, not on our portfolio, and therefore, we've maintained the quality of our fixed income of securities, not going down in quality, maintaining that AA average portfolio rating. Giving up, on occasion, as I've said before, some of that liquidity, and we've been able to maintain our yield. Although clearly, if business gets a lot better and cash flows increase, we will give up something on that yield. It wouldn't surprise me if our new investment yields were down 5% or 8% over the next 12 months if we had substantially more cash flows. We're pretty happy with what we've been able to do and what we've seen, and because we weren't a corporate investor in a significant way or a real estate investor in a significant way, we have lots of room in the portfolio. But we are still maintaining basically the same duration and the same portfolio quality as we had before, and we've been able to do that and still keep the yield virtually unchanged. Business, still, is gaining traction and our -- especially in our new units, or newer units, and we're pleased. It's looking like the cyclical turn is getting stronger and we're optimistic. So with that, Karen, we'd be happy to answer questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Amit Kumar from Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: Just going back to your comments on the cycle turn. There is this debate, are market conditions currently similar to Q2 of 2000, when we had Unicover and several other issues, which resulted in modest pricing improvement over several quarters. I was curious what you thought were the similarities and sort of the dissimilarities versus Q2 of 2000.
William R. Berkley: Well, first of all, the market really had very little turn until October of 2000 when Reliance and Frontier went out of business. And when Reliance and Frontier went out of business, Unicover was a prelude [ph] to Reliance and Frontier going out of business and a lot of other things happening. Every cycle has its own qualities. Today, it's so different than any cycle we've had before because of the financial debacle that we've seen in the prior several years and the extraordinary volatility in markets, there was no place to hide. People who had aggressive investment portfolios had -- some had severe problems, although not so much in the property casualty business. The opportunities to invest your money became challenging. I think that this is a bit different than the 2000 cycle. I would say that, if you look at pricing, standard line pricing is down between 15% and 18% from peak. Especially in line price, it's probably down 25%. That said, pricing at its peak, gave us great returns and great underwriting results. But along with that, with investment returns down significantly over all, you're looking at an industry that's probably not making money. So I think the driver of pricing and cyclical turn is always the same and that is the fear of a total loss of profitability. And sometimes, it's individual events that bring about that fear, sometimes it's an examination of trends. And I think, right now, what it is, is it's the loss of redundancies in people's reserves. We're beginning to see recent year deficiencies develop, and I think you've seen a few companies report deficiencies in their current year, and I would guess that you're going to start to see a number of other companies in the past couple of years on their reserve positions were established at deficient level and they're going to have to start to recognize those deficiencies. And between that situation, which means they've got a problem with their pricing in a significant way and lower investment income, I think you're going to find a number of companies, especially those companies that claimed they were focused on these great information technology-driven bases, are going to find that their past data wasn't as accurate as they thought. And one of the things that happened, and always is a keystone of a change in cycle, is the data you relied upon didn't prove to be accurate. And in this case, the data of the reserve levels you put up for the current action of the year, I think, is going to prove to be deficient. So I think, for example, the current action here for the industry is probably 110, and worse for worker's compensation. And I think few people are putting up anything like those numbers. And I think that there's a lot to come. So, no, I think the cycle turn is different, but I think for those companies who've adequately reserved, the opportunities are going to be fabulous.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie Research: That's very helpful. And then just related to that, on competition. You mentioned this competition, aggressive competition on excess casualty and liability for quite some time. I'm curious, is it like a specific set of companies? And has the trend line -- is the trend line still downwards on that or do you see an inflection point approaching, in terms of that reversal of that competition?
William R. Berkley: I'm going to let Rob talk about it first, because I need to be restrained and not throw stones at anybody. So I'm going to let Rob talk first and I'll probably add some things. My lawyer is shaking his head, telling me that was very good. So, Rob, go ahead.
W. Robert Berkley: Yes. The answer is, and I fear this may not be particularly helpful, but it really depends on the part of the excess casualty space or excess professional space. Generally speaking, there are parts of those marketplaces that are as competitive today as they were 12 months ago. Some of that has been created by participants in those markets that are not particularly knowledgeable on the subject matter and it hasn't occurred to them the problems that they are creating for themselves. Others have withdrawn from those lines of business, but it seems as others -- as some withdraw, others turn up and try their hand at it. So we are not seeing the shift there that we were seeing in other areas. Once again, partly having to do with the lack of frequency in some cases and partly having to do with the length of detail. Having said this, it is our expectation that, over the next couple of quarters, you're going to start to see the level of anxiety start to increase with many that have jumped in without looking to see if there's any water in the pool.
William R. Berkley: I guess I would add a little bit and say that, I think that the true groups that are the most aggressive competitors, the small companies that won't be around to make up for their mistakes. And they're there and very, very aggressive. And their strategy is, don't worry about interest rates, they'll average back at 5% or 6% then you can discount them based on those numbers, and you're going to hold the reserves a long time. And they're aggressive pricers, and those people will be out of business. And then there are the big companies who use outdated statistical information. But ultimately, you need to make a profit and we think much of this pricing is right about to change. It's always the last part of the business to change, and then it changes at a very rapid rate, and it's the last part because you don't see those losses for a while.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Evercore Partners.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: On the new business. Just curious as to what ROEs you're getting on the new business. You've grown your top line quite significantly. And do you think that the pace of the growth this quarter is sustainable?
William R. Berkley: Well, first of all, we know we have carefully said, we can't say it's new business anymore, because some of this business has been here for a while. If you look at the company, all but 3 of the units have been here since 2009 and we can't say it's new anymore. That business is -- represents a large part of our business for this year. It's more than 10% of our business and it's going to grow a lot more. These people were patient and sitting by the side and we would expect, if anything, that will represent an accelerating portion of our business and of our growth. Some of these teams of people who joined us wrote $300 million, $400 million, $500 million of business before they joined us. And given pricing levels, we're happy to write $40 million of business in the first -- each of the first few years they were with us. We would expect those teams of people will write a lot more business as opportunities present themselves. So I think that, that's going to be a real generator of -- it's a very substantial amount of growth. And we have 3 units that we started, 1 in 2010 and 2 in 2011, and the 2 in 2011 contributed 0 premium and we would expect that will be different in 2012. And the one in 2010, really, is just beginning to get any traction at all.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So what sort of ROEs do you think that you're getting on this business? Because the argument we hear from the other side is that prices are going up, but with rates down, that the ROEs are still high-single digits.
William R. Berkley: We would not enter into any business where we didn't think very comfortably we could get a 15% plus return. And in the good parts of the cycle, which we think we're entering now, 15% plus means the plus side of that substantially. So our expectation is that's where we'll be. I would tell you, that -- I'll give you a better assessment of that next year, and we'll probably be able to give you our view. But I would be more than disappointed if we weren't able to deliver those kinds of ROEs starting -- beginning the second half of next year, on companies that have been running for a period of time.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. The -- just to follow up. When do you think we'll be able to see margin improvement from rate increases?
William R. Berkley: I'm sorry, could you repeat your question?
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: You are, right now, getting rate increases of 3%. You said you're hopeful to get rate increases of around 5% by the end of the year. When do you think that margins will expand? Because pricing is rising in excess of loss cost trends.
William R. Berkley: Well, for instance, in September, pricing increases averaged 3.5%. We expect prices are going to continue to rise, and I would expect that, that will continue. I would think that debt margins will continue to improve really, every month frankly, as that continues.
Vinay Misquith - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So what are loss cost trends right now? I mean, are they in the 3% range? Or 3% to 5% range right now?
W. Robert Berkley: This is Rob. As far as loss cost trends go, it really depends on the product line that we're talking about. Obviously, certain product lines are more slow. It slows to variables and that may be experiencing larger amounts of inflation or trends these days. And generally speaking, historically, unless there's going to be a change that I'm advised of, we don't get into what our trends are, that we're using or assuming by line of business.
William R. Berkley: I think the biggest issue with loss cost is the mix of medical cost involved. And medical cost is the real question. And it's a real unknown at this point, you've got the government trying to shove medical cost inflation everyplace except there, and simultaneously, you've got lots of pressure on the entire medical provider segment of this global business, trying to deal with that. So I think that's the big unknown.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Vincent DeAugustino of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I guess for Rob or Gene. Looking at the expense ratio, we've talked about the expectation for that to improve as the newer start ups gain scale. And if we just assume that there's no additional start ups at full scale, what ballpark range would you ideally like to see the expense ratio at? And then, if there's any sense of how long it would take to get there with the current structure. And then I just have one follow-up.
William R. Berkley: Let me just comment one thing, and that is you have to remember that the expense ratio follows earned premium, not written premium. And second of all, our view has always been the same, and that is, this isn't an expense ratio business, this is a loss ratio business. And we're not -- we view as -- when you take out commissions and you take out taxes, license and fees, expenses are sort of 10 points or less. And when you look at that 10 points or less on an earned basis, you'd expect that savings there just aren't going to move the needle much.
Eugene G. Ballard: But our expense ratio was comfortably below 30 points -- our part of the market in the last cycle.
William R. Berkley: So we would anticipate better growth. We would anticipate an expense ratio with that same area.
Vincent M. DeAugustino - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Just one kind of follow-up. Let's say the low interest rate environment continues out to 2014, 2015. Maybe not as low as today, but let's just say, less than optimum. Would you envision any structural change to the portfolio allocations? Not sure if high-dividend yielding equities start to look a little more attractive. I know you said that, at least in the current environment, you're not looking to change, but if that environment sustained longer...
William R. Berkley: Well, we've in fact, invested some money, relatively modest amount, in high-dividend equities. Probably $300 million or $400 million. And it's certainly something we would consider. I think that every day, in this volatile world, you make decisions on where you think you're going to go and what you're going to do and try to assess the riskiness of those decisions and the capacity to adjust. So finding ways to give you flexibility, financial security, and adjustment is important. But we're looking at every kind of option from high-dividend equities to various kinds of direct lending.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: You made comments, and I don't want you to repeat because it's a repeat of a question, you can just go to the next one, but you were talking about the competitive landscape. And I'm looking a lot of companies reporting, including yourself, whose premiums are ahead of auto premium and price increases. I'm wondering who's losing premiums in this market. Not by it specifically, but by class, maybe.
William R. Berkley: I think there's a few things going on. I think first of all, you're seeing some people just withdraw from the marketplace, who are getting out of the business, who are electing not to participate. So you're seeing some of that. And in bits and pieces everywhere, in areas of the specialty business, you're seeing people who, as Rob commented, are just finding the business wasn't as profitable as they thought. And then you're finding those opportunities are there. You're finding some people in the standard markets who are getting out of certain areas. So, I mean, I think it's across the board. And I think that, clearly, if you'd look at the total amount of business of our growth, the substantial amount of it, the growth, Josh, has been overseas. I think a big part has been our Lloyd's syndicate in Australia and Southeast Asia, and it's this relatively modest amount. Our domestic business has grown, but it's not a huge number. And so, I don't think it's anything dramatic at the moment.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then the other question in that. I'm just following up on your comments that you said that you thought the newer businesses would be 15% ROE businesses, but much higher when the market would turn for them. Is the legacy business not performing as well as those newer businesses?
William R. Berkley: No, I don't think that. I think the legacy businesses were much higher return businesses than 15% when the market got hard. And then what I'm suggesting to you is that the businesses we got in, we have the expectations that they will do as well as the legacy business.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Do you think, right now, the ROE of the legacy business or the newer businesses is higher?
William R. Berkley: We don't -- every business we got in, we think has met expectation. I mean, when we get into a new business, we talk to teams of people, we sit and look and examine the industry they're in, the lines of business they want to write, and examine what we know about it and what we think the returns will be in various phases of the cycle. And our expectation is we don't want to do things that we think will dilute our overall return. Now it'll dilute our return when the businesses are entered, because obviously you have to build up the scale. In a soft cycle, it takes time to build up the scale, more time than it would in a hard cycle. And in a hard cycle, you can get up to scale in 18 months or 2.5 years, maybe. And in a soft cycle, it could take you 4 years. But once you get up to that scale, you start to end up doing the same kinds of returns as the legacy business. Now obviously, something may change and one might do better and one worse, but basically, we think they'll both do the same.
Joshua D. Shanker - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the extent to which excess capital is dampening returns right now?
William R. Berkley: We were pretty aggressive in buying back stock. And, clearly, we have some excess capital. But if we continue to grow at the pace we're growing, and I'd be surprised if we at least don't continue to grow at a relatively rapid pace. We won't have that much excess capital. We'll be able to generate enough capital to maintain good ratios, but we won't have a huge amount of excess capital. I think we have probably $500 million of excess capital now, and if the opportunity came to buy stock back at an attractive price or to make an acquisition at an attractive price, risk adjusted, that's fine. But we don't think we have -- we don't think we're going to have huge amounts of additional redundant capital. We have enough now to put us in a position to take advantage of any opportunity.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mike Grasher of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Rob, you had some comments about growth in auto premium activity. And just curious, what about exposure units? And then, I guess, how about exposures overall, whether it's the higher utilization rating, commercial auto or payrolls and comp. Are you experiencing improvements anywhere in terms of exposures?
W. Robert Berkley: The answer is yes. We are seeing that in many of our insurers, whether it be worker's compensation, and payrolls are on the rise in part because of people adding positions or adding to staff. We also are seeing people who are adding power units to their schedules as far as commercial auto. And then generally speaking, much of our activity that is based off of receipts, we are seeing that either the initial estimate was overly conservative or things are working out better than had originally been anticipated. It is a better situation than what was expected as far as exposure.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Any areas, I guess, accelerating?
William R. Berkley: I think nothing that would really jump out. We are seeing it's certainly quite apparent in worker's compensation, but we are seeing it in some other areas as well, but comp would probably be the one area that we've taken the greatest note of.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then with regard to comp, big picture here. Is there a mix change, I guess, with clients where maybe excess comp demand goes higher as changes occur on the primary side, be it price or any reforms that are occurring on the state level?
Eugene G. Ballard: Look, it's certainly possible as primary comp rates go up, people become more interested in alternative markets solutions, and by extension, they may be exploring the excess comp market to provide some cover above whatever their retention is, if you will. But at this stage, we have not seen that movement. Quite frankly, worker's compensation for the average person walking down the street is a pretty good deal. It's going to be a less good deal tomorrow, but I don't think that reality has really come through yet, driving that change in behavior in that exploration into alternative solutions.
William R. Berkley: And we also should add that excess comp is getting to be a little more expensive than -- it's one of those lines that relies on discounting. And the interest rates people are using to discount have come down a lot. So therefore the pricing for excess comp has gone up and probably ought to go up a lot more.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then is there a preference, from your standpoint, just in terms of which direction you would take that business on or prefer to take that business on?
W. Robert Berkley: I'm not sure...
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Between the excess comp and the primary.
W. Robert Berkley: We want to take it on wherever we're going to get the best margins.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question. You mentioned, at the business level that, overall, are rate increases outpacing loss trend? I mean, do you feel like you're seeing that in your aggregate book?
William R. Berkley: I would say that, at the moment, they are just now slightly higher than loss trends. And I think that directionally, that they're accelerating in loss trends, are not accelerating at the moment although they've been up significantly from where they were, let's just say a couple of years ago. But understand that the volatility that you all see in the marketplace, and you see in the economy, and change that. We don't know a lot about what's going on, as far as the government's policies on medical costs and so forth, and that's the big thing that we worry about. But in addition, you've got lots of variability in the whole economic picture. Today, lost costs are not quite as rapidly increasing as pricing, and pricing seems to be increasing at a faster rate. But it's not our primarily worry right now. We're okay with that, but clearly, everything about the economic picture is more variable today than it's been in the past.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just one question on small versus large accounts. Can you talk about where the competition is more severe? You talked about small versus large insurers. But on the accounts themselves, can you talk about how the landscape is different among those 2 groups?
W. Robert Berkley: Mike, it's Rob here. The trends continue as it has been for probably the past couple of years now that there continues to be far greater competition around large accounts versus small accounts. Presumably, in part, that is because people's anxieties -- some market participants are making sure they hit their budget, then they start doing things like providing large account discounts which quite frankly, never made a whole lot of sense to us. But yes, the greater competition does continue around the larger accounts. The breaking point had been sort of around $100,000. I would suggest that it slide down to $75,000 or so, maybe even close to $50,000.
William R. Berkley: But one thing is even starting to see a few large accounts would be a big change. So that hasn't happened yet, but when it does, that would be a really big change because that really means that people are saying volume is not as important as it was. So it's one of the things we watch for carefully.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. If I could one last one. And this is just more like a -- kind of a -- in the business question. So if your business is not very cat exposed overall like relative to the market and insureds have decent loss experience, the policyholders themselves. What is the conversation like when you are looking to raise rates 3% or 5% to them? Like how -- you're accounting for loss trend or low interest rates, how does that result in and them accepting a higher premium?
William R. Berkley: Well, I think for starters, not many folks look forward to the opportunity to pay more for anything. Having said that, we do try and encourage people to take a look back and think about where their rates are today and what we're asking for compared to what they were a few years ago. And the reality is that we've been losing ground for some period of time and at this stage, we need to capture some rate in order to have an organization that can make a reasonable return. And we're not embarrassed about representing to our partners on the distribution side as well as our insureds that we're in business to make a return, and that is our expectation and if that means we need to raise our rates, we will do so. So while it's not received with open arms, I think generally speaking, people understand that we are entitled to get some rates, particularly given what has happened with the rates over the past several years.
W. Robert Berkley: I think that honestly, Michael, the discussion about rate is a minimal discussion when it's 3% to 5%. I think when the discussion starts to get up to 10%, it changes the tone and the nature of the discussion. Because, in fact, most everybody you talk to have seen price come down substantially as Rob pointed out and in addition to that, they recognize the fact that interest rates are down, everything else is down, all of which is how we make money. So I think it's a reasonable and okay discussion. I think that the discussion will not be as easy if you're pushing for a lot higher rate but in fact, on the lines where you're pushing for a lot higher rate, in general, you can show them that people are losing money. Here are the industry numbers.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gregory Locraft of Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I could just pursue the, I guess, the pace of change in terms of this particular cycle term. You mentioned the 15th ROE beginning, I guess, back half of next year and if I look back at '00 to '02, '03, it actually -- the ROE didn't go above 15 until 2003. So I'm wondering what in particular is making this rate of change in the market bigger than in the previous cycle term?
W. Robert Berkley: Greg, it's Rob here. I think first of all, it would be -- we were sharing with you our expectations, but it's not a perfect science. So trying to hang one hat on any 90-day period for such a significant change, I think, would suggest that there's a greater level of precision than really exists. That is our best estimate. Second of all, I think if you go back and you look at the period that you were referencing, much of the lag that we saved in achieving the type of returns that were mentioned earlier, had to do with some negative reserve development that we had encountered from prior years. So if you back the reserve development out, my suspicion is, while I don't have the specific numbers in front of me, that is going to get you into the neighborhood that was being suggested earlier.
William R. Berkley: Saved me from talking, Greg. Because I was still in charge when we had those negative developments.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to clarify that last commentary. I saw, when you were talking before, when you threw out that 15% ROE, that's what I -- I thought you were talking about kind of the pricing on some of these newer ventures, what you hope to achieve. So on a reported basis with the earned premium effect, it seems a lot less likely you'd see an actual reported 15% ROE into 2012 anytime.
William R. Berkley: We were talking -- the question that was asked that I had answered that question about was when did I expect on an underwriting year these companies to achieve that, and I answered starting in the second half of next year, which wouldn't be reported for the 12-month period. So that wouldn't be reported if you will -- June 30, 2013, it would be achieved by then. But I think that the point Rob made is true and that is the moment -- I can't tell you whether you're going to get price increases of 5%, 6%, 7%, or 8% in the second of fourth quarter of this year. I can't tell you what you're going to get next year. I can tell you directionally where things are going. I can tell you that my anticipation next year is that you're going to get another 8% to 10% price increases next year, maybe even a little more. And that's how things look. And you will get better returns by a substantial amount because the marginal increase in pricing. But we're also talking about the newer companies, I think the older companies that have been around for a while aren't going to start to gain more traction also as time goes by. So I would anticipate us being able to do better. But yes, you are correct. I was trying to answer Mr. Locraft's question as he presented it and not get into an "I said this" or whatever.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right, right. I just want to make sure I understood where you were coming from, so that's helpful. Just a question on 2 segments where the growth rate accelerated quite a bit. One was reinsurance, which looked like maybe it was an easy comp there. And the other one was alternative markets, which can jump around a lot. I was already wondering what's going on in both of those segments.
W. Robert Berkley: Yes. I think that, in fact, when you -- the growth in the pieces of the reinsurance part, which grew by $16 million. Again, a fairly small dollar amount which was basically our premium business just expanded. And also, some of it was our participation in the Lloyd's syndicate and that accounted for it. The alternative market business growth...
Eugene G. Ballard: That really had to do 2 things. One, the pools that we participate in where the premium just flows in and flows back out, and then the other area has to do with accident and health businesses, particularly medical stop loss.
W. Robert Berkley: It's where we have continued to experience a meaningful amount of growth.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Just on the Reinsurance business because I see a year ago, premiums were down about 20% and I remember there being something that negatively affected that business? Is...
William R. Berkley: That was one particular transaction where there was some return premium. That was just an unusual thing.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So in other words, going forward, is a 15% number a reasonable number to think about or is that a bit inflated because of that comparison?
William R. Berkley: I think the comparison was a bit inflated, number one, and number two, more than an insignificant part came from our participation in the Lloyd's syndicate.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Second question. On the capital front, certainly on a premium-to-surplus ratio, you look really well-capitalized. From a debt-to-capital standpoint, I guess you're bumping up just over 30%. Is there a range or a limit that you think about when it comes to leverage?
William R. Berkley: We've told the rating agencies that we'll stay within 25% to 35%. We ought to be, based on what we said, sort of at the higher-end of that range now. We're not at the higher end, we're right at the midpoint. We have short-term flexibility there. A great opportunity here, we have plenty of borrowing power as long as we demonstrated to the rating agencies that would come down. And we told them that, that range has been the range we put forth to them for an extended period of time, which is that 25% to 35% range. So I think we have capacity, we certainly have plenty of people who would be willing to lend us money. But as we look at the world today, we have plenty of capacity to expand. We were opportunistic in buying back stock because we view the cycle each quarter as being more definitive, and our stock traded down in the quarter. So we took advantage of it.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then last question, in the investment fund, I know that's reported, at least many of them on a one-quarter lag. At this point, do you have any visibility into the fourth quarter number?
William R. Berkley: Only for 2 funds. There are only 2 funds that report, one of which is okay and one of which is negative. But it's -- one of the parts which we knew when we changed how we reported is, especially in the oil and gas fund, we invested in a group that did venture-type investing, not quite development investing. And once those investments proved out, then they went -- the companies that we invested in became public companies. And when those public company stocks go up and down, the volatility in the marketplace with oil and gas prices changing, we reflect those unrealized gains and losses through our income statement. If we owned the same stocks just as investments, they would just be changes in our unrealized gains and losses in the portfolio. So that's really the problem we're facing, but we knew it when we said, look, it didn't make sense not having these funds as part of our income statement. So it gives us a little more volatility in that area and unfortunately, that one fund accounts for a big part of the losses in the funds. In fact, I think it accounts for more than all the losses. It's more than 100% of the loss of the funds. And all it is, is 2 successful investments that became public companies but as oil prices go up and down, their stocks went up and down a lot. And I might add, it's back up again, but that will be in the first quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adrian Mele [ph] of Eagle Capital.
Unknown Analyst - : Two quick questions. First question, do you have any opinion on if we're in a lower return world if this cycle would considerably look like past cycles or if you'd see a lot of capital coming in? If we're in a world where banks can't earn reasonable ROEs, will capital switch over to insurance or should it look like other cycles?
W. Robert Berkley: I would be surprised if it looked differently. I think the people who put money in after Katrina have not had a good experience. And a number of companies out there are not doing well and they're going to show bad results. So I think it's going to look with the historic returns we've seen before and in fact, I think more and more people who want to put their capital in the business want to put it in, in ways that keep them from being locked up, so they want to have it in special-purpose vehicles. So I think less real capital is going to go in the industry. So if anything, primary writers like we are ought to have a better opportunity.
Unknown Analyst - : Okay, great. And then if we look at the way you've marked your business in the last year in the new units and we compare it to the last cycle, I think you wrote ROEs in the high 20s in the peak of the last cycle. Would you -- you're bigger now in terms of your divisions. Would you expect given your business mix, if the last cycle repeated itself, would the ROE approach at the same levels, be higher or lower given your current business mix?
William R. Berkley: You just want to let Rob talk because the reason they weren't higher -- the reason they weren't higher last time is because we had some reserve deficiencies we had to make up at the beginning of the last turn in the cycle. And we are unfortunately not in the position now. So I would guess that we'd have a faster acceleration of our returns and our peak returns probably would not be nearly so long in the coming. But I don't think it would be much different.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones here for you. The first one, Rob, I think in the beginning you talked about some tightening in terms and conditions. I'm just curious if you can elaborate on that and do you expect much tightening in terms and conditions in this firming marketplace we're in similar to what we saw in the last cycle turn?
William R. Berkley: Actually, maybe -- I don't think I can comment on terms and conditions, but I'm glad you brought it up, that was a good point. Just by business migrating out of the standard market into the specialty market, that on its own is going to be tightening up terms and conditions on the exposures that go from one part of the marketplace to the other. Certainly, it is our expectation that you will see policy wordings getting tightened up, coverages getting tightened up, attachments, points being adjusted, deductibles, et cetera. So the short answer is yes. We are beginning to see the early signs of that once again as business migrates from standard to non-standard market, and we expect we will see more.
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And that's actually I guess helped looking forward with any kind of the loss cost inflation if it does kick up.
William R. Berkley: I beg your pardon?
Brian Meredith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess that should help offset any loss cost inflation if we get anything kind of going forward.
William R. Berkley: Certainly, it is very helpful to the rate you're getting for the unit of exposure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Bob Farnam of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: So is there anything that you worry about that could potentially derail the market turn?
W. Robert Berkley: Bob, you've known me a long time. Every day, I worry all the time about all kinds of things. I think that the greatest fear you have is people who believe their numbers in a way that leads them to wrong conclusions. And it doesn't require someone with an infinite amount of capital to derail a line of business or a group of agents. So Reliance and Frontier weren't huge companies, but they certainly had a huge impact on long-haul trucking. And frankly, a lot of companies who are relying on automated underwriting systems and have tried to remove people are going to not make quick enough decisions when trends change because trends take time to get into automated underwriting systems. And that will slow down, in some cases, those companies responses, hopefully management in those enterprises sort of override the system and say, hey, that doesn't count. But I think that most serious managers in the business know prices have to go up. And they're being driven by poor results and they look at their reserve development and say, we may have had past years with redundancies, we no longer do. And if anything, it looks like, you don't have to admit to yourself that it is, but it looks like there's some current year deficiencies. And as long as people face those realities, for most companies, it's within their realm to solve their problems. And I think that, that's the situation. But you're always going to have a company or 2 that deceive themselves that it can slow the change, but I think that, that's why we haven't had the change in a more rapid pace now.
Robert Farnam - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: All right. So, it's certainly nothing that's going to be derailing it, it may just be delaying it longer than you think.
William R. Berkley: Yes. And I would be surprised frankly, if, in fact -- I think we may be a little too pessimistic as opposed to too optimistic.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sorry, just a couple follow-ups if I could. Bill, one thing I just wanted to follow up with is your question on the 5% to 8% decline in yields if you continue to grow. I was just trying to understand, is that kind of a percentage of the current yield in the book or...
William R. Berkley: Yes. In other words, our 4%, Michael, will go down by 0.2% at 3.8%.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Oh, so like 20 basis. Got it. Okay. That makes sense. And then just when you look at kind of what other folks have said during these conference calls, have been positive comments here about commercial rates in the U.S. Just wondering why the regional -- your regional segment hasn't seen some of that or maybe it has and it's just a mix issue, if you could comment on that.
W. Robert Berkley: My understanding is that others have been commenting on their pricing as it relates to business insurance, and when you look at that portfolio and you compare it to our portfolio of risks, it would be probably similar to our regional group in particular. And the regional group has been achieving rates that are above the blended rate for our group overall.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So -- but not seeing exposure growth I guess, is that the offset?
W. Robert Berkley: When I talk rate, I'm talking about number of dollars we create for an apples-to-apples unit of exposure, and as the premium count is not going through, but to make a long story short, to give you a number, it was slightly over 5% for our regional group in the quarter with the rate increase, and that's [indiscernible] if you will.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Right. So does that mean that exposure units were down?
W. Robert Berkley: Yes. Modestly.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Got it. And then, Bill, if you were looking at the environment now, you're talking about like 5-ish percent now and kind of growing to maybe double digits next year, what would you place of the odds of just a period of 5% growth in rate? I mean is that -- instead of seeing momentum take it up higher to 10%, is that something that can happen that you think is possible, or do you feel like it's just a matter of time before rates have to continue to move higher?
W. Robert Berkley: I think the answer is when you look at just comp for instance, to get the line to where it's breakeven, including investment income today, you need another -- that line of business is having a rough, something slightly more than 10% increase right now, and you probably need another 8% in addition, another 8% to 10% next year. Just to get the line of business to be a breakeven because you got to remember comp has a lot of inflation with medical costs and loss costs. So I think you've got something. Other lines of business, to get to where they're profitable industry wide, you need those kinds of additional price increases. So I think that -- I'd be shocked if it stayed at just 5%. Now if it was 5% more on top of the 5%, possible. But I would think it's going to be 8% to 10% more on top of the 5%. But we'd have to look.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Walsh of Citi.
Keith F. Walsh - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: For Bill, in one of the last -- prior questions I should say, you alluded to the marginal increase in returns from higher rates. Maybe if you could just embellish on that a little bit, talking about marginal returns on what relative to ROE in combined ratio from increasing rates.
William R. Berkley: Well, I think, the reality is it's rate increase minus loss cost minus expenses. So, I mean, I think that if you say, for simplistic sake, your expenses are going to go up by 3%, that's insignificant, that's 0.3% on your rate base. Loss costs go up by 3%. Anything you raise your prices more than let's say between 2.5% and 3%, I'm going to give you additional margin. So if you get 5%, you're going to add, let's just say 2 points to your margin. If it can go up to 8%, you're going to add in round numbers 5 points to your margins. So I think the question Mike asked, which was a real critical one, which is everything you get over 3% is going to be a real improvement in your combined ratio or industry-wide, a diminishment of your losses. So I think that, that's a -- it's a really critical question, Keith. And I think that's why it's so sensitive as to how well you can get prices up. And I don't think that, that is the heart. I think there's a difference between September's 3.5% and the average for the quarter of 3%, tells you directionally what's going on and it was the same as we, in fact, directionally, things are getting better and I think that it's why I'm really incredibly optimistic about where things go because that marginal trend is the critical number in profitability. So 5% is huge when compared to 3%. So I think your question's right on.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America.
Jay A. Cohen - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Not to get too granular, but you suggested just recently that the regional business was seeing increases around 5% and you also said that worker's comp, you were getting more like a double-digit increase. And I assume most of that's in the either regional or alternative market business. It suggests that the specialty business is kind of well below that 3% still. Is that accurate? And I guess it partly reflects in the D&O which you say was still pretty competitive, but could you reflect on that?
William R. Berkley: I think that -- first of all, a big part of that comp business is in that regional business. So I think that, that part, second of all, I think that when you look at the specialty business, there is a piece of specialty business that's not getting price increases and lots of other parts that are getting substantial price increases. I think that it's -- one of the problems with being an analyst is you're trying to get -- Gene and I were talking about it this morning, you're trying to come up with a specific analytic number that won't add up the way you're getting at it. But in fact, I'm giving you information that's analytic from our pricing monitors, okay? And it's a matrix pricing monitor the comes up with those numbers. So, I'm going to have to -- to give you your answer, I'm going to have to spend -- I'd have to spend a lot of time trying to break apart all the pieces. You want to add to that, Rob?
W. Robert Berkley: Yes. I think if I understood your question correctly, Jay, obviously as we suggested, depending on the product line, we're getting a different level of rate increase. The comment about worker's comp, maybe it was lost, but the significant rate that we're talking about achieving is really around the line of excess comps, but we are getting a meaningful amount of rate on this primary comp. I would suggest that at blended basis, primary comps probably running at about 5 or so, and excess comp is something north of that.
Operator: And I show no other questions in the queue at this time.
William R. Berkley: Okay. Thank you, all, very much. I think that -- I appreciate it, and if anybody has any other questions, feel free to give Karen or Gene a call. And have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman and CEO Rob Berkley - President and COO Gene Ballard - SVP and CFO
Analysts: Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs Keith Walsh - Citi Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Bob Farnam - KBW Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus  Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Brian Meredith - UBS Scott Frost - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch  Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley Amit Kumar - Macquarie  Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities 
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W. R. Berkley Corporation Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation believe, expects, or estimate. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligations to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley: Thank you. Good morning everyone. I was pleased with our quarter and I think that all of our expectations for the turn cycle and for all in operations are coming about. Certainly things are happening if it's slower than we anticipated and we are pretty excited about where things are going. Im going to let Rob talk about our operations firsts and Gene will talk about our finances and Ill be there talking about overall of the business and where we stand. So, with that Rob please.
Rob Berkley: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Capacity activity during the second quarter following on the heels of the events of the first quarter is certainly the clear reminder of the value that the insurance in which we brings to the society. Additionally, the cat activity over the past six months has provided a strong wake up call to the industry for the need to appropriately price for the infrequent event. The recent natural disasters have compounded the pressure that the industry has already been facing.  This existing pressures stems from a modest investment income, evidence of increasing frequency trend and an overall lack of underwriting discipline that has existed for the past several years. The greatest level of competition continued to be found in accounts over $100,000. Additionally, excess casualty lines in particular excess workers compensation remains under significant pressure. These longer tail lines of business are typically slower to turn given the duration of the liability and consequently it takes more time for underwriting missteps to be recognized.  While industry conditions remains challenging and certainly by no means are we in the froze the of a hard market. There is a growing amount of evidence that would suggest we are in the early stages of hardening market. Much of these changes coming about as many standard markets in particular National Carriers are actively adjusting their appetite as they feel the pain resulting from over reaching during the past several underwriting years. The greatest supporting evidence of this change is the return of pricing leverage without the sacrificing of a renewal retention.  Additionally, our specialty companies are beginning to see some account they have not seen in years. Furthermore, in certain regions of the country we are observing an increasing population in several assigned risk plans. Historically, this has been an early to get accurate sign of a hardening market. The modestly improving U.S. economy is also providing assistance due to fewer insurers going out of business as well as continued strengthening in audit premium. Net written premium for the quarter was $1.06 billion, this represent an increase of 10% over the second quarter of 2010. While the main drivers of this growth continue to come from our younger operations, we are experiencing improving contributions from our more mature companies as the market begins to turn. The specialty and international segments again led the growth as we continue to benefit from those domestic industries that have not been impacted by the slowdown in the general U.S. economy. As well as our presence in the international markets with economies continue to prosper.  The group's price monitoring report for the quarter indicated an improvement over the corresponding period in 2010 of approximately 2%. Though 2% may not be overly exciting for some, this is in fact the second quarter in a row that we have achieved in aggregate [wage] increase. Additionally, this represents more than twice a level of rate increase we achieved in Q1 2011.  Our renewal retentions remains in the 80s consequently providing evidence of pricing leverage rather than adverse selection. The loss ratio for the quarter was at 66.3 which includes 6.2 points of storm. The unusually high level of storms contributed an additional $35 million of losses beyond what we would normally anticipate in the second quarter. The lions share of the loss activity was in our regional segment which stem from PCS 46 in Alabama and PCS 48 in Missouri. Our expense ratio for the period was at 34.8, this result is generally in line with our expectations given the investments we have made in starting new operations as well as where we are in the cycle. We anticipate a gradual improvement in the goods expense ratio as our earned premium continues to build, consequently enabling us to further leverage our existing platform.  All in we delivered a combined ratio of over 101.1 for the second quarter. While this result is below our goal we believe that it is tolerable in light of the level of catastrophes during the period. Having said this (inaudible) and adjust for a normal level of cat activity as well as back out our reserve takedowns our current accident year combined ratio remains at approximately 99.  Our balance sheet remains robust and we continue to be convinced that the strength of our aggregate loss reserves are comfortably sufficient to allow us to manage our ways to even an unforeseen event. Overall, there is growing evidence that the moment we have been waiting for is approaching. There the market does not turn overnight, there are ever grown number of signs that we are headed towards an improved environment. Thank you.
William R. Berkley: Okay Gene, give a numbers a bit please.
Gene Ballard: Okay. Thank you. Ill start with just a few more details on those catastrophe losses. As Rob said that second quarter eight quarter catastrophe losses were 63 million or 6.2 loss ration points. That represents our net loss after reinsurance recoveries and reinstatement premiums and compares with 30 million or 3.1 loss ratio points in the second quarter of 2010. Losses from the tornado center in Alabama in Missouri were 36 million in the aggregate and losses from 10 smaller but still significant tornadoes and hail storms in the quarter were another 27 million. We had originally estimated our losses could be 60 million, 65 million for April and May, however, our actual losses turned out to be slightly less than that estimate and fortunately the month of June was relatively benign compared with the first two months of the quarter. Four of our business segments reported cat losses in the quarter, 44 million for regional, 9 million for specialty, 7 million for reinsurance and 3 million for international.  Partially offsetting the catastrophe losses was favorable reserve development of 35 million of 3.5 loss ratio points in the quarter. The favorable reserve development was primarily related to the specialty, reinsurance at regional segments and emanated from accident year's 2005 to 2009.  Our underlying loss ratio excluding catastrophes and storms was 63.5 points down a half a point from the prior year. The specialty and international accident year loss ratios before were about 2 points lower due to the combined impact of rate increases and changes in the mix of business and that was partially offset by 1 to 2 point increase than the initial losses for accident year 2011 for the other business segments.  Our second quarter expense ratio was 34.8 thats up six-tenth of a point from the second quarter of 2010 and three-tenth of a point from the first quarter of this year. There are two reasons for that; first, written premiums were up 10% in the quarter and only a part of the cost related to that increase goes in deferred acquisition cost. And second, we include higher profit commissions for the reinsurance segment as a result of favorable reserve trends. That gives us a combined ratio including the impact of cat and reserve releases of 101.1 for the quarter compared to 94.4 in last year's second quarter. Nonetheless, our paid loss ratio decreased to 59.6% down from 64% a year ago. And our net loss reserves increased by 74 million as a result operating cash flow was up 25% to 161 million.  Just one other comment to add to Robs remarks on the premium growth and that with respect to the alternative market segment. You will see that the alternative market segment reported a 22% increase in gross premiums and a 4% increase in net premiums. We talked about this last quarter that again is due to the increase in premiums on the signed risk plan that we managed for a number of state, and that business is a 100% seeded to the respective assigned risk pause with no net retention for us. Net investment income was a 149 million up 15% from 130 million in the prior year quarter. The increase was attributable to higher income from investment funds and from merger arbitrage trading, income from investment funds was 17 million compared to 1.5 million a year ago due to strong results for both energy and real estate related funds. And merger arbitrage income was 4 million compared to 1 million a year ago. The overall annualized yield on the portfolio was 4.4% up 50 basis points from last year's second quarter. And that represents an annualized yield of 4.1% for the core portfolio 3.9% for the arbitrage account and 13% for investment funds. We also reported realized gains from the sales investment of 23 million in the quarter. And at June 30, our unrealized investment gains before tax was 600 million and the average duration of our fixed income portfolio was 3.5 year's down from 3.6 years at the beginning of the quarter. Finally, our net income was 83 million for the quarter which is an annualized return on equity of 9% and after taking into consideration that we purchased 1.1 million shares of our stock of book value was $27.77 at June 30, up 6% from the beginning of the year.
William R. Berkley: Thank you, Gene. So, Im quite pleased with where things are going. As Im sure many of you recall I expected the cycle to start to turn in the fourth quarter of last year in fact pricing didnt really change until the first quarter of this year. It's continuing to improve although at a somewhat slower rate. Part of that slower rate of improvement comes from this slow economic activity and the lack of the robust economic improvement. We still expect 5% plus rate improvement year-over-year by the fourth quarter. The one negative is you are also seeing this loss cost development which is certainly gone from where it's been totally benign where you noticed the trend is changing. It's not that we are seeing exclusive trend but it's now a noticeable trend in the wrong direction. So, if I were to choose a number it might be 2 or 3% at the moment, but the signs of that trend cause you to pay attention. It's one of the things that we try to take into consideration when we are establishing our reserves and looking at the adequacy of them to be sure that we reflect those trends and maintain reserves that assume those things continue. One thing, long-term benefit of being in the industry has gained for our company is that you have to always try and look ahead for these negative things, because they always appear when you least expect them. Our businesses are gaining traction, people are thinking about why they buy insurance and who is going to be there, people are beginning to recognize expertise is really important, people are concerned about financial strength to build, people are concerned that you have consistent approach. And brokers and agents are conscious of the fact that they need a ready market. And as people start to withdraw here and there they step back and say who is going to be around.  I dont serve my customer well if I have no one who wants to provide them coverage. And those thoughts are beginning to enter peoples minds it isnt a trend. It's isnt where everyone is worried. But there are number of places where people are asking those kinds of questions. And there are number of people who are still searching for price especially on large risks, but as many of you remember we have lost most of our largest a long time ago. So, it doesnt affect us much but in large risks it's still a very competitive world. I think that our international business is doing especially well. We are quite pleased with our ability to seek our opportunities and we continue to think that there will be more opportunities that we will be able to find in that area. The most difficult part of our business the moment the most competitive has been our facultative business where people just dont want to pay the appropriate price and we are really pleased that our fact people have been disciplined and we are perfectly happy we provide our expertise, but only if we think we can make money. And some people value that and are prepared to pay a fair price, but we cant offer our expertise in our capital without it and our fact markets have suffered in this market especially and thats one of the reasons to our reinsurance area volume is down is substantially.  From looking at the rest of the world from our perspective we think that we have got into the hurricane season, a tough hurricane season can clearly have a real impact on a lot of people who may not have the ability to buy another reinstatement, who may not in fact had the capacity to meet their liabilities. So, we are here, we are well positioned, we think the world is planning a pretty much as we thought although had a slower pace. And we are starting to get the traction that we expected.  So, with that Jerome, Im happy to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Gene one quick question on the development, it sounds like there will be about 3.5 points but my math will get that to about 93 on a ex-cat ex-development combined is that right or is there am I doing math wrong?
Gene Ballard:  Are you talking about combined ratio for the quarter?
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Yes.
Gene Ballard: Yes, about 90.5 exactly. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I was sure it 90.5 okay. Got it. Okay, thanks. And then just one question Bill or Rob if I could.
Rob Berkley: The combined ratio without the benefit of (inaudible) releases and without the cost of catastrophe losses is around [1 million, 0.5 million].
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And then just one question on international for Bill or Rob. What type of insurance is driving that growth and is these newer ventures primarily just further coming online and is there an area that we are focused on that you feel is continuing to allow tailwinds to go more?
William R. Berkley: Rob will give you the specifics, but Im going to just talk in the broader sense and part of it is the general economic environment. So, go ahead.
Rob Berkley: Well I think it is what was just (inaudible) a moment ago it's the economies that we operate in outside of the United States that enjoy the most momentum. It is predominantly focused around commercial lines. And if you look at where we do things outside of the United States you look at what economies are prospering you are going to see that. So, whether it be Canada or Brazil or Australia or parts of Asia those are places where we are benefitting from the macro underlying economy and our insurers are doing well and the economies are growing. So, we are able to grow along with them. Our operations in Europe and specifically the UK as far as they have felt a little bit more of a headwinds with the exception of parts of Europe that they serve such as market like Norway which because of their natural resources continue to boom. And then of course, our (inaudible) to operation is doing well part of that has to do that it's still getting traction because it's relatively young. And part of that it has to do with the lines of business that it offers.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: So, is that, you are up 15 to 20% of premiums there. I mean do you feel like thats the number that you could see grow, would you want to see that get 20 to 25, 30. And second real quick is all those risks written outside of the U.S. on the risks that are also written within subs outside of the U.S. on the risks that are non-U.S.?
William R. Berkley: Yes, they are. There may be one off that doesnt but in principal that some of our business that (inaudible) is written by U.S. businesses, but all of the rest is outside of the U.S. Then I think that Id expect that our U.S. which is where we have had many of our new specialty will start to grow. And therefore, while the international business will probably be somewhat of an increasing portion of our business, it wont grow to be as much of increase as you might think, because we would expect our domestic business will start to grow a lot more rapidly. So, I wouldnt surprise if it got to be 20%. That we sort of have said that we would be really happy if our international business represent a 20% of our overall, but I think that in the next couple of years we think our U.S. business is most likely to grow substantially. SO, our international business is not likely to be a huge increase in its proportion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh - Citi: First for Rob, in your commentary you mentioned you are getting priced without sacrificing retention I believe in, it seems new business is very strong, maybe if you can talk about how the hit rate on wholly new business has trended over the last several quarters and then I have got a follow-up.
Rob Berkley: I didnt mean to suggest to that new business is particularly strong, I was suggesting that our renewal retention is particularly strong even though we are achieving rate. The growth that we are seeing as they group in 10% that is pretty concentrated amongst certain operating units that I tried to at least to get in with some of our newer companies in the specialty segment as well as outside of the United States. So, I dont think that newer business or is plentiful across the board. I think once again it's pretty concentrated. 
Keith Walsh - Citi: Okay, very helpful. And then Bill, just getting back to loss costs, where are these loss costs specifically, give me a detail where the comment from in. And just historical view or higher loss costs consistent with the sluggish economy can you just talk to that a little bit? Thanks.
William R. Berkley: I think our trend the actuaries that pointed out to us directionally loss costs have turned from whats been a long-term decline to where they have directionally moved upwards slightly not a lot but definitely a directional change and though they generally dont in the sluggish economy. On the other hand where we were having a very good economy they were coming down which isnt something one would have expected (inaudible). So, I think that lost costs has huge move in ways that we cant predict at the moment. It's though different than inflation. We didnt have inflation when the economy was doing well mainly because it effectively Chinese low cost production was subsidizing our cost of goods here and at the same time inflation was being eating up by people who are willing to invest in U.S. securities which may not be (inaudible). But the fact is that I wasnt suggesting that I know I was nearly commenting of what the numbers are saying at the moment. And we are cautious. I think if you look back at our annual report from the first month now we always have said what you worry about is the unforeseen event. You look at the numbers and say what may they be telling me that I cant see out there and I would say we dont have any worry about inflation. That is just not happening. The economy is (inaudible), but thats the unforeseen event thats why we are not buying long-term bonds, thats why we are reserving things loans costs trends. They felt the numbers have turned the corner and start to move in the other direction. So, I wish I could be more specific regard to that, I love to see more specifics. And this not a case of me trying to keep information for competitive reasons, Im telling you everything that I know at the moment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Grasher with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Just a couple of questions, just with regard to the loss costs issue. Can you share with us in terms of, do you believe it's driven more by the duration of claim or is it more of a frequency matter?
Rob Berkley: Our view at this stage is what we are seeing is a tick up in frequency. What we have had all long particularly in workers compensation is you have this medical trend or headwind that we have been finding for a while and it's a social issue, a political issue and then industry issue as well. But really the change that we are noticing most recently would have to do with frequency, (inaudible) head in a more clear way and workers compensation but we are seeing signs of frequency just in the general causality lines overall ticking up as well but it's really comp that we are seeing in the previous level of activity.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: And then if you look at your accident year combined ratio at 99, would you all agree that the industry probably is tracking closer to a 107 to 110 range?
William R. Berkley: Id actually say the industry is probably higher than that. If you look at the numbers and the where the industry is in a mix of business, Id say the industry is probably closer to 110 at this point. And the reason for that is we have lost all our large accounts, large accounts are probably doing significantly worse at this point in time. So, Id think that our spread right now between what we do in the industry is probably at the maximum, so historically that would so at 10 points. When we are assure of doing average industry business we would be served about the same between 5 or 6 point. Rob would like to add.
Rob Berkley: One comment that Id add is that if you look at the commercial lines space and the largest line in commercial lines as workers compensation, according to NCCI, 2010 combined ratio ran at somewhat between 110 and 115, I believe it actually look at 115 combined ratio for the accident year. So, that on its own is the largest commercial line is probably pointing you in a direction that things are running hard.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: And then with regard to Workers' Comp in the pricing environment there, obviously driven by the states, but relative to the class of risk, what do you experience there in terms of the change in the pricing dynamics?
William R. Berkley: You mean pricing dynamics today?
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Yes. Relative to the class of risk that the workers comp the exposure would be to. 
Rob Berkley : Generally speaking we dont get into the specifics of class of business within a line of business as to what we see going on and we dont necessarily get (inaudible) telling the specifics as what leap were achieving within classes within a line, but what I can tell you is that we were seeing certainly encouraging signs in the primary if you will or comp market as appose to the excess comp market which seems to be a very different circumstance where they doesnt seem be any noteworthy discipline entering that part.
William R. Berkley: In the excess comp market people are just making incredibly optimistic statements or assessments as to what they think future interest rate should be used to discount their loss. So, we are having people use 5 and 6% discount rates on establishing loss reserves for excess comp and as appose to the current interest rates on 30 year treasuries. We think excess comp is still incredibly competitive.
Rob Berkley : As far as primary comp goes the market does not march in lock step it really depends on the territory if you will how the market is shifting.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Sorry to keep on this loss cost thing, and I realize I'm splitting hairs a little bit, but if your rate is up 2%, and loss costs are up 2 to 3%, is it right now at this moment loss costs are exceeding rate, or are they about the same? Where are we right now?
William R. Berkley: I think you are trying to be more precise about loss cost than I can be. And loss costs arent something we can measure it especially because the loss cost trends are based on frequency and it's literally one quarter whereas for pricing we have quarter-to-quarter measures with a lot of consistency. Those numbers have some level of accuracy. And loss costs as Ive said is sort of you look at a trend and directional changes what Im really telling people. And Id say that we are gaining a little we are losing little, Im not excited about [pricing because loss costs are actually going the wrong way. So, Id still say we are net price positive but it's not significant and Im concerned about loss costs directionally. But you are asking for precision Josh, but I dont have any yet. And Im trying to tell people who follow our company about why we are little more cautious in our reserving why we are little more cautious about how good the pricing is. 
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: That's totally understandable. Can you give a little detail on the excess workers comp market that you already did. If you listen to a lot of primary layer comp writers, they're talking about rate increases and the brokers surveys seem to confirm that. But obviously one of the primaries is that these loss costs are rising at workers comp, they took a small charge on it. What is going on in the excess market and how does pricing compare in the competitive marketplace? 
Rob Berkley: The excess markets while the primary comp market and the excess comp market while they maybe to a certain extent showing the same underlying exposure if you will and many cases the same customer base. The fact of the matter is that the markets do not march in lock step at all. Clearly, there are regions within the United States where the comp market is beginning to turn in our opinion having said that once again it is our view that the excess comp market has yet to show any signs of turning and it remains a very competitive segment to the industry.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Along those lines, if people say that primary is up 1%, do you have an idea about pricing the excess market, the rate move at this point?
Rob Berkley: The answer is that we are seeing many without getting overly specific we are seeing many competitors in the excess comp space operate in a more aggressive way today than they did yesterday.
William R. Berkley: I think also the customer in the excess comp market are widely varying it's a very long tail line of business. And there is some modest pretty aggressive well established companies have in there a new people who are wildly aggressive. So, I think it's a very wide range of competitors some who think it looks so attractive, please get all the money long time and some who are just making what I define as irrational but judgment as to interest rate returns. So, from our point of view I think prices are just inactive when you compound interest rates at 2 points higher for 17 year's which is the average duration of excess comp. So, a lot money in pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Farnam with KBW.
Bob Farnam - KBW: Talking about the new ventures, how much additional momentum should we see from the new ventures? I'm trying to get an idea of how much capacity is being used for the new ventures thus far.
William R. Berkley: When you mean additional capacity, Im trying to understand what are you trying to answer Bob?
Bob Farnam - KBW: You're getting pretty solid growth from the new ventures. I'm trying to figure out, will that continue? Will it grow even more?
Rob Berkley: The answer is I guess we need to define the environment, Bob, assuming there is no turn in the market even though it is our belief that the market isnt in the early stages of turning but the purpose of discussion lets assume that there is no turn in the market. It is our expectation that you will see some reasonable level of growth certainly for the balance for this year. Having said that as we get into 2012 if we do not see a turning in the market and we do not add additional new ventures to the group, I think well I would not suggest we will plateau or shrink I think it is likely that our growth rate would slow. Having said that I think our expectation is we are in the process of returning market and we would expect the growth rate to continue well into next year.
William R. Berkley: I mean I think that critical element here has to with both the economy and the insurance marketplace. So, at this point our fast judgment is growth continues as it is maybe even accelerating. However, it's a lot of uncertainty and there is no question with the economy on edge like it is, you cant feel good about where all that takes us for the moment and therefore, we would be stepping in the wrong direction if we continued our expectations unchanged as we feel a bit less certain about economic activity.
Bob Farnam - KBW: Fair enough. And a question on any change in terms and conditions? I don't know how that terms and conditions have held up over the past couple of years. Are you seeing them starting to tighten or are they still deteriorating?
Rob Berkley: As far as terms and conditions go the placements that you are seeing them tightening a little bit is just when you see business migrate from the standard marketing with specialty or non-standard market inherently in that transfer ownership that you are going to see (inaudible) we are seeing a bit of that but not an overwhelming on that. Putting that aside we are not seeing any tightening of terms in any significant way to where it has been recently.
William R. Berkley: I think by the way Id add, as part of the reason e have been losing business in our specialty business, specialty pricing we have most, because we havent been willing to change our terms and conditions, and we lost business because of it. 
Operator: And so our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: I was hoping we could, I guess this is for Gene, the reserve releases and reinstatement premiums by segment.  
Gene Ballard: It was other leases that e normally dont talk about that on the call we will have that in our 10-Q.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: With regard to the quarterly results, did the natural catastrophes you incurred have any impact on acquisition expense?
Rob Berkley: The catastrophes?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Right. In other words, basically did the division compensation change because of the outside level of catastrophic losses?
Rob Berkley: No.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus : One big picture I was hoping to run by Bill, is it too early to tell how good this market will ultimately get? You've given your expectations.
William R. Berkley: The biggest issue thats sitting out here is the economy as a whole and where we will fade I think that we are going to have, every cycle changes gradually until some events take place. Whether it's 9/11 or Reliance and Frontier going broke. If we were to have two severe hurricanes you would change this market dramatically because reinsurance capacity would disappear because there are number of people who have no capacity to buy reinstatements who are in the reinsurance business. They use their one reinstatement towards out there already. And there is not a market for it. And therefore, that would change the market dramatically. It's clear that if you look at Katrina, a number of reinsurance in fact really went bankrupt but they forgot to tell me buddy and investors put a lot of money in it. Between the time they decided to help people that were bankrupt and the time they raised the money. Somehow they forgot. I think that there is a lot of stuff out there. And I think that we sit here and wait for the unforeseen events and how that it hurts our competitors and doesnt hurt us, because we hopefully are prepared for it. And we go forward. But I think that based on pricing and pricing all, you need 15% increases in the average price, 20% increases in the average price. And even then the return on capital in the industry will be probably only 8% after-tax. Thats based on where I see the combined ratio now for the industry. Now there are lots of companies they are doing better than that. And then there are plenty that are doing worse. So, if I were to give you a forecast Id say that by the end of 2012 we will get 5% this year and we will need 10% more next year. And then maybe even a little more certainly by the rate changed by the end of next year needs to be higher.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I've got a couple questions. The first is, you mentioned in the Specialty business the accident year loss ratio ex-cats improved by a couple points, and I guess I'm assuming that the earned price impact is still either flat or negative, and you mentioned claims beginning to go up. I know the business mix is changing. Maybe that's a big part of it, but if you could explain that. And the second question, I'm wondering, Bill, if you could comment on the debate now about the debt ceiling and how you see it playing out?
William R. Berkley: First of all, I think the comments are pretty straight forward about the specialty lines business. I mean I think that business is increasing volume is increasing mainly from new businesses. And pricing is up a little bit. Thats one of the places where we had some positive impact on pricing.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I guess I just wouldn't expect the earned effect of those price increases at this point to be outpacing your loss costs, especially when you say loss costs seem to be increasing, maybe it's just too modest at this point.
William R. Berkley: I think what I was trying to say is loss costs are giving us signs that signs give us concern because they have changed directionally. And we feel we just have taken the view, I should say always. But certainly through the more than the past 10 years we have taken the view that you dont better than everybody else by retrospective analysis, you do better than everybody else by looking for signs that give you a directional point of view. SO, we got a little bit cautious. We can always become less cautious if 3 or 6 and 9 months down the road we were too cautious. For the moment we would rather be a little more cautious. As to the debt feeling, (inaudible) who voted against the raising the debt limit along with every other democrat on a number of occasions is just a little worse than we pointed out that we had 17 votes to increase the debt limit for Ronald Reagan which tells you that Congress only gave Ronald Reagan a little bit at a time, but this President (inaudible) little bit at a time. Look it's a terrible problem, we have become so politicized that no one seems to put our nations interest first. Individually you talked to these people I think Congressmen, senators are really extraordinary people who are devoted to our country. And then they all get together and they are worried more about reelection and it's unfortunate. I think it's a serious issue, optimistic that we will get at least some temporary solution. It is a philosophic breakdown of the two extremes in our nations and not much from the middle which says, get this off, no one has thought about the fact that every other nation restricts healthcare costs through restricting funding. Every other nation restricts their expenditures by controlling how much they spend. I dont mind about taxes, if they want to raise taxes some of that sign. But the fact is it has to be irrational taxes and it has to let our country be a competitive force in world which will become (inaudible) unless, but right now we need to snap to an act like a single country thats sophisticated and intelligent and that means we should get together and ask something and have a plan for how we are going to resolve this. And for a Warren Buffet is a great idea that said if we have deficit more than a certain amount and no one in Congress would be allowed to stand for reelection. I think that was a wonderful solution. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Bill, I just want to follow on Jay's question for a second there, if the U.S. credit rating is downgraded from a AAA to a AA+, what would be the implications for the property-casualty insurance industry and also on W.R. Berkley. Specifically, you do have municipal bonds, some probably AAA rated, what are your thoughts on that?
William R. Berkley : First of all we have a relatively our duration is not long and we havent been tempted to go out and buy yield by going out along or buy yield by getting lower quality securities. So, I dont think that thats really going to be a significant issue for U.S. We have lots of liquidity and it's kept in places that we wont be restricted from having all of that liquidity. I think that the issue will be the same severely issue we all face and that is today America and treasury securities are the reserve currency in the world. And it's an unquestioned issue in all of our securities are priced off of that. I think it will raise the issue about the quality of (inaudible). But from a real day-to-day operating point of view since what come in everyday is more than what goes out every day. It shouldnt have any consequence and while in the very short run, there might be a slight hick up I dont think it's going be a consequential one. We There arent many AAA securities and I just dont imagine it would have a very significant impact. 
Brian Meredith - UBS: And then for Rob, are we seeing any impact at all from RMS 11 on some pricing in the industry yet, on the primary side?
Rob Berkley: I think we are certainly seeing it in the reinsurance marketplace and you are seeing it attempts of both to try and push rates on the primary side, but it's really not materialistic at this stage in our opinion or certainly not significantly material as far as changing market conditions are rates for property, but we will see as the year progresses and rating agencies take more of a position as it relates to RMS 11.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Frost with Bank of America.
Scott Frost - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : I was wondering if you could go over any exposures to European credits, specifically peripheral's. I saw the foreign government agency exposure, but I was curious about your corporate portfolio, if you have any credits in the Euro zone that you're worried about?
William R. Berkley: No, we were based most of our credits are really what I will tell you managers know we dont, we have done that werent concerned about at all. And most of our non-U.S. credits are Australia, Canada, UK and Brazil. 
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: If I could, one question on you mentioned the facultative market is tight, is that on the property cat side or just general facultative?
William R. Berkley: No, not tight. It's very soft.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Soft, sorry, right.
William R. Berkley: Yes, it's very soft. And then soft on both left soft on the property side than on the casualty side, but casualty side is very soft because the problem is on facultative business you price it independently of the originating price. So, if you charge a rate of 2% than the facultative people think the rate should be 6%, they give you 4 to 6% for whatever they are taking, which may leave you nothing for your primary business. So, you say I cant buy I cant afford to I guess I dont have paid anything for what I retain. So, thats the problem. On the property frequently people get the property quote before they make their primary property quote so they take into consideration. 
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: I see. So what would have to happen on the property side for you, or is there something that could happen on the property side that would cause to you take more property cat risk or is that something that you don't want to do? 
William R. Berkley: I think we are prepared to take more property cat risk but not domestic property cast risk. We think on a global basis we will consider it, but we are not going to do it domestically, we have plenty of property cat exposure on a primary basis. So, on a reinsurance basis e wouldnt take it domestically at all.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: I wanted to just better understand, I'm having a hard time modeling the investment funds side of the equation, and I know roughly half the portfolio is in real estate and about a quarter is in energy. What would you do if you were in our shoes to try to get a handle as to modeling that? Obviously it's going to be somewhat lumpy, but any help would be appreciated in terms of how you think about it.
William R. Berkley: Im sure Greg that Gene will be happy to go through, but it's not very easy to marvel over a short-term basis, because first of all oil prices are volatile, and as to the real estate that is more predictable. Gene can go through with you, we know more real estate to market so thats a bit more predictable, but the energy funds it's a volatile is a market first for oil and energy related things, but Im sure Gene will go through as much detail as you want but it's very hard quarter-to-quarter to build the model.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: So I guess, Gene, should I just follow-up offline then?
William R. Berkley: Yes, give in a call offline and he will with as much detail.
Gene Ballard: Id be glad to, also it's hard to predict but we can go through kind of what we have.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: With regards to real estate, do you have visibility? Do you sit in the third quarter and have an understanding as to what the fourth quarter is somewhat looking like for that part of the portfolio?
Gene Ballard: To a degree we book these funds on a lag basis the one quarter lag basis, so we talked to them all the time, but we dont really have their actual earnings until the subsequent quarter.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: Another question, just shifting gears a bit. On the reserving side, the reserve releases dropped from the 4, 8, and 12-quarter averages. How does that tie to your loss costs commentary? Did you all change anything in the reserve?
William R. Berkley: We began a bit more cautious until we see how loss costs develop further.
Gregory Locraft - Morgan Stanley: So that is a sustainable, the trend which you've called out, you've actually reflected in your reserving, that resulted in less releases, and therefore that's probably the new level that we should be assuming?
William R. Berkley: I wouldnt say we changed trend Id say that we have said lets understand thats a little better, lets see where that takes. Its better in any quarter to be cautious and get your footing and understand the knowledge you have than to continue blindly moving ahead. So, I wouldnt say that we are just examining everything, so I dont think we have directionally change anything, lets be sure we understand whats going on does it change it better to be cautious at the moment there is so many uncertainties out there caution is better. We think we will have a better understating at the end of the next quarter and we may revert back where we were, we may stay where we are, we may get more cautious. It's a constant revaluation. Our job is not to be the same our job is to use our best judgment each quarter. 
Operator: Next online we have Amit Kumar with Macquarie.
Amit Kumar - Macquarie : Just one quick question in regards to capital management. Just what we had a modest buyback, and I'm wondering, based on where the stock is trading, should we expect that going forward or has been any change in the capital management philosophy here?
William R. Berkley: Mr. Kumar, have I ever told anybody what Im going to do about buying back stock?
Amit Kumar - Macquarie : I want to keep on trying. 
William R. Berkley: The answer is that it's always the balance between what we see our needs for capital and price to stock at any moment and time. And we will have to make that judgment than we do each day and we are how we see things coming along for the moment of use havent changed but they didnt changed in the first quarter we didnt buyback. 
Operator: And next online we have Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Bill or Rob, are the early signs of an uptick in workers compensation frequency, are you seeing anything like that in medical malpractice?
William R. Berkley: I think the difference medical malpractice is moving incredible profitable line of business, more profitable business we would have expected. And while it's been competitive workers compensation never got to the levels of profitability, you got from workers compensation. And it was just never as profitable as malpractice. I think that malpractice business is seeming to be getting a little more stable at the moment, but there is not any dramatic increase in pricing outlet.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: And the liability property split right now, is that about 60/40?
William R. Berkley : No, we are still probably Id have said 75/25, and thats down from probably (inaudible) 80 plus casualty 3 years ago in about 82, 83% casualty 4 years ago. And today we are probably 75% casualty. 
Operator: And next online we have Kenneth Billingsley with BGB Securities.
Kenneth Billingsley - BGB Securities: Just a question for Gene. Looking at the diluted share count for the second quarter, it went up from the first quarter despite the little over 1 million share buyback. Can you just talk about what else is going on in that line?
Gene Ballard: Yes, well a lot of that just has to do with the timing of when share transaction take place so we did have some stock exercises and option exercises in the first quarter that took place late in the quarter. So, came through on a full quarterly basis in the second quarter and some of the buy backs Id drove in the second quarter came in later and didnt get reflected. So, it's really just more than timing of those transactions.
Operator: And sir, Im showing no further questions at this time.
William R. Berkley: Okay, well thank you all very much we are concerned about the economy, concerned about Washington, but enthusiastic about our business and the position we are in going forward. So, thank you all very much and have a great rest of the summer.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program, you may all disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  William R Berkley  Chairman and CEO Rob Berkley  President and COO Gene Ballard  SVP and CFO
Analysts:  Kevin Walsh  Citi Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley Jay Cohen  Bank of America Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Bob Farnum - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney Connie Deboever  The Boston Company 
Operator:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
Gene Ballard:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 : So with that Im happy to take any questions, and we are all sitting here and well be pleased to answer any of your questions.
 : So with that Im happy to take any questions, and we are all sitting here and well be pleased to answer any of your questions.
 : So with that Im happy to take any questions, and we are all sitting here and well be pleased to answer any of your questions.
 : So with that Im happy to take any questions, and we are all sitting here and well be pleased to answer any of your questions.
 : So with that Im happy to take any questions, and we are all sitting here and well be pleased to answer any of your questions.
 : So with that Im happy to take any questions, and we are all sitting here and well be pleased to answer any of your questions.
Operator:
 :
 :
Kevin Walsh  Citi:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Gene Ballard: Yeah, its around $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion each year, in 2011 and 12, that would be rolling off and maturing.
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
Kevin Walsh  Citi: And roughly whats the gap between the portfolio yield and the new money rate today that youre seeing?
William R Berkley: I would guess that were probably talking about 0.5%, maybe 0.75%.
Kevin Walsh  Citi:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Kevin Walsh  Citi:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
Kevin Walsh  Citi: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: In terms of equilibrium, what would be causing admitted carriers to be behaving more responsibly if they havent yet seen losses?
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Rob Berkley: I think you covered it unless Josh had a further question.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: The only thing, is there any rule of thumb we can use to think about pricing between business  how its priced in the admitted market versus how its priced in the ENS market?
Rob Berkley: Well clearly historically the non-admitted market or the ENS market has had more robust rates and perhaps as if not more important, their terms and conditions are such that it translates into perhaps a better all-in effective rate.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Its difficult to quantify.
Rob Berkley:
 :
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Yep, alright.
William R Berkley:
 :
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith from Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse:
 :
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse: And then the new business that youre getting, would it be fair to say some of it is coming from the old companies that are staying with and some of it is coming from the new companies?
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse:
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Billingsley with BGB Securities.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities:
 :
William R Berkley: Can you speak a little louder, Ken?
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Yes, can you hear me okay now?
William R Berkley:
 :
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities:
 :
Gene Ballard: Yeah, $51 million.
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities:
 :
Gene Ballard:
 :
 :
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities:
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities:
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
Ken Billingsley  BGB Securities: Great, congratulations on the quarter. William R Berkley  Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug McGregor of RBC Capital Markets.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:
 :
Rob Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley: Well since youve already decided what it is youve answered your question for yourself, theres no sense in me responding.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:
 :
 :
 :
Rob Berkley: Yeah, 11% is not anywhere near a high for that.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:
 :
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley: Yes.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America: Okay.
William R Berkley: And it also says that probably one would think that any takedowns probably are somewhat offset by caution in the current years.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America: I guess you also have the other issue of prices that have been going down, so that would obviously put some upward pressure on that pick, too.
William R Berkley:
 :
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
Jay Cohen  Bank of America: Any exposure to the New Zealand earthquake?
William R Berkley: Nothing of any consequence.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America:
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Farnum at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods.
Bob Farnum  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley: Yes, sir.
Bob Farnum  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Bob Farnum  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:
 :
 :
William R Berkley: I wont say well be a very different company but its certainly an issue that I take seriously and we will have to give consideration to that, because yes  I believe ultimately the cost of capital is a long-term driver of companies abilities to survive.
Bob Farnum  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
Bob Farnum  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: So not much different than your current, your domestic book.
William R Berkley:
 :
Bob Farnum  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:
 :
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney:
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Interesting, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Connie Deboever at The Boston Company.
Connie Deboever  The Boston Company:
 :
 :
 :
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Connie Deboever  The Boston Company: Understood, thank you.
Operator: And sir, Im showing no further questions in the queue.
William R Berkley:
 :
 :
 :
 :
 :
Operator:
 :
 :
 :

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley  Chairman and CEO Rob Berkley  President and COO Gene Ballard  SVP and CFO
Analysts: Dan Johnson  Citadel Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank Keith Walsh  Citi Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse Brian Meredith  UBS Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley Robert Barnum  KBW Howard Schlenker [ph]  Schlenker & Company [ph] 
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporations Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call.  Todays conference is being recorded.  The speakers remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as the representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved.  Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2009 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of a new information, future events, or otherwise. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Good morning, everyone. First, we got to all let you know that this is a celebratory day, because its Gene Ballard. And, therefore, after this call, well be all out on a birthday party for Gene.  Before I give you my views or whatever, were going to with Rob, talking about the operating units and Gene is going to talk about the finances and then Im going to give you my overview of where we stand and then take questions. With that, Ill start and turn this over to Rob Berkley.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, good morning, everyone. Overall, the market conditions during the quarter remained challenging due to the headwinds that continued to exist, coming from both the general economy as well as in overall competitive marketplace. Having said this, the good news is, that it appears as though pricing has generally bottomed out, payrolls and receipts are not eroding at the same rate they were in the past quarters, and consequently, the pace of written premiums is slowing. Additionally, there seems to be a glowing recognition amongst both carriers as well as the distribution system that the status quo is not sustainable.  Our price monitoring indicated that are our rates were down a modest 0.8% for the quarter. Furthermore, it is worth mentioning there are growing number of areas where we are achieving rate increases. Finally, for the first six months of the year, our renewal retention was running at about 80%.  Our net written premium for the quarter was $961 million, an increase of 5.8%, which was the first time that our net written premium has grown in almost four years. The growth came about predominantly from our startup. The international segment, led by our Lloyds operation in particular stands out, but also, our companies in Brazil, Argentina, Norway, Hong Kong, Australia, and Canada has performed well. The alternative markets division also contributed handsomely to the Groups growth over the three months. Our specialty and reinsurance business remains relatively flat with our regional business shrinking somewhat.  It is worth noting that while the net results of a segment maybe flat or negative, one should not misinterpret that. There may in fact be companies in those segments that are growing. Obviously, seeing this type of growth in parts of our business, given the environment, raises our antenna. However, it is worth commenting that we have a high level of confidence in the people managing these businesses and we remain comfortable with their risk selection and pricing. Additionally, our rate monitoring and underwriting audits provide all interested parties with additional peace of mind. We strongly believe our growth has come about as a result of our customer focus team, their relationships and the financial strength and stability of the Group. Finally, I would remind you that we have started 19 businesses over the past few years. So this level of growth should not be surprising. And, for the combined ratio for the quarter, which was a 94.4, which was comprised at a 60.2 loss ratio and a 34.2 expense ratio. The loss ratio was adversely impacted by storms as well as our exposure to Transocean, which in the aggregate added 3.4 points. The expense ratio improved by almost a point compared with Q1 and we expect this trend to continue.  Now, Gene, will take you through the details regarding the numbers. One additional comment from me on this topic is when he cuts through all of the moving pieces back and forth, it is our belief that we are currently running at a current accident year combined ratio of a 98. And if you add storms into that, it brings you to approximately at 101. Having said this, it is certainly possible that we will outperform these numbers, given our ongoing philosophy of cautiously reserving the current year. As we observe the current market conditions, we cant help but notice there are many parallels that are present between the existing environment and the market conditions the industry experienced in 2000. Obviously, one noticeable difference is available investment returns, which may very well apply additional pressure to the situations impact. The Group continued to remain focused on maintaining underwriting discipline while simultaneously positioning ourselves with the inevitable change in the market. Finally, I would suggest that the growth the Group experienced in the second quarter is a fraction of what we expect under improved market condition. Thank you.
William Berkley: Thanks Rob. Now, Gene, you want to take us through the numbers quickly. And, then, Ill add probably two sentences.
Gene Ballard: Okay, thank you. And, thank you, for not mentioning which birthday this is as well. Good morning, everyone.
William Berkley: 65.
Gene Ballard: Rob already took us through the change in premiums for the quarter. The only further details I have to add on that are the actual numbers for the startup company. The net premiums written for the companies, the recently started companies, by that, we mean the companies we started since 2006, were a $162 million in the quarter and thats up 81% from $89 million in the prior year quarter. Most of that growth was  more than half of that growth was in the international segment. Startups overall now represents 17% of our premium volume for the quarter. With regard to losses, our overall loss ratio was 60.2%, down 2.5 points from the second quarter of 09. Favorable reserve development was $67 million or 7 loss ratio points in this quarter. That compares to 3.5 points in the prior year quarter. The majority of that favorable reserve development in 2010 was related to the specialty and regional segment and to the 2006 through 2009 accident years. Storm losses were $30 million or 3 loss ratio points compared to 2.5 points in the prior year period. In addition, we incurred a net loss including reinstatement premiums of approximately $5 million for our share of the Deepwater Horizon loss. The expense ratio was 34.2, up 1.7 points from a year-ago. About seven-tenths of the expense ratio in a quarter was related to startup companies that for which the earned premiums have yet to reach sufficient scale to cover their fixed expenses. And, for the international segment, the impact of startup companies was actually 2.8 points. On a calendar year basis, the overall combined ratio was 94.4, down one point from a year-ago. And, as Rob mentioned, on an accident year basis, the combined ratio was 101.5, including storms and 98.5 before the adds. Net investment income was a $128 million, down $4 million from a year-ago. The decline was due to lower earnings from the arbitrage account which reported a profit of $1 million this quarter, compared to $7 million in the prior period. As a result, the annualized yield on the overall portfolio was 4.0% in the quarter compared to 4.3% in the prior period. Investment funds reported a small profit in the quarter. State municipal bonds represents 41% of our overall portfolio at June 30th. We included a schedule of our state municipal bond portfolio in the earnings release this quarter that illustrates our continued focus on pre-refunded bonds, revenue bonds, and non-state general obligation bonds. As you can see on the schedule state obligation bonds, for the six dates that we presented, represent just 3% of the overall tax exempt portfolio. As weve planned all along, we used all of our earnings in the first half of the year of $229 million to buyback treasury stocks, we bought back 5.1 million shares in the quarter and almost 9 million shares year-to-date, and thats nearly 6% of our outstanding shares at the beginning of the year. We also set aside cash at the holding company to repay a 150 million of debt thats maturing this September. Our operating cash flow exceeded our earnings. Operating cash flow was a $130 million in the quarter. Our overall tax rate after giving effect to our tax exempt income was 24%. And the impact of foreign exchange rates on the quarter was not significant. Altogether, that gives us operating earnings of $0.65 per share and net income per share of $0.70. In addition, unrealized investment gains were $505 million at June 30th, which is up a $105 million in the quarter and a $170 million for the first six months. With that, our book value per share was $24.81 at June 30th, up 4.2% for the quarter and 8% year-to-date.
William Berkley:  Thank you, Gene. We were pleased with the fact that the quarter came out as it did. Its interesting, lots of you on the phone think Im an optimist, but rather Im a realist, not an optimist. A realist in that, I look at the facts, I look at where things are and how the marketplace is and I see it as it is. Many of the people who we compete with, in fact, are optimists. They see the world as theyd like it to be. The result of that is, I may have anticipated a market change sooner than they do, thats because of realism. Looking out ahead, were pleased with our results. We started this 19 odd new operating units over the past four years and candidly they got off to a slower start than we expected, thats one of the reasons our expense ration was crapped up. And this slight increase in volume is that theyre finally gaining fraction just over time being there, using their long-term relationships and the discipline of maintaining with pricing has kept them from growing very quickly, but were getting business slowly overtime.  And, as Gene mentioned, they represent almost 20% of our total business. And thats because our historic business is down so much. Weve been able to maintain some resemblance of our continuous level of volume because of those new units. And, now with those new units continuing to grow, and our established businesses no longer losing volume, were starting to see that growth. We dont think were going to grow particularly rapidly, but we will continue to get traction, especially in the international segments and a couple of other pieces. We do believe that were now in the final stages of the market turning around. April and May, prices were basically flat. In June, prices were down. In fact, the entire quarter, we thought were going to be flat until June came along and the entire eight-tenths of a percent declined and pricing took place in June basically. I expect a sign of aggressive competitors trying to achieve certain volume gains. From our point of view, were out there seeing in our standard business less competition. The most competitive areas are in large risks, which weve basically already lost almost all of them. And our excess [inaudible] business and our regional business are the two businesses that have the most pressure today for volume or low. We see that at least in the E&S business, as weve lost our largest risks there, that pressure is not quite so great. Looking out ahead, we do think our investment income will recover. The downturn in investment income in this quarter came primarily as a result of the reducing spreads in our arbitraging panel which caused a decline from quarter-to-quarter of $7 million and that was the big change. Other than that, yields and so forth are relatively unchanged. So were optimist, we see a good year ahead, still very competitive. We continue to seem to establish our current accident years on a more cautious basis than some of our competitors. We probably are giving where inflation is, have been continually more cautious than maybe warranted. That will only mean that our reserves continue to have a comfortable margin should inflation in fact returns. Were not suggesting it will or it wont, were just suggesting that we have taken a more cautious approach at the moment. So, with that, Im happy to take questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Dan Johnson from Citadel.
Dan Johnson  Citadel:  Great, thank you very much. Couple of questions; maybe first just a few simple ones. The FX impact on the top line, if you could, please?
William Berkley: Not significant. Its immaterial. Less than $1 million.
Gene Ballard:  Yes, right.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Okay. Just another simple one on the new money deals, where youre investing today, you had some comments about maybe not going out quite on the duration level you had before. So can you tell us little bit about when youre putting money to work sort of roughly what are you putting it to work at?
William Berkley: First, I dont think I said that. I think  what I said is, we had spoken in our last quarterly call about extending our duration. And, in fact, several people asked about that. And as we got into this quarter, we concluded that extending our duration was not the thing we wanted to do. So we try to maintain our duration as it is right now.  And with that, that really means, were probably buying things in the 10 years or under area other than a few Build America Bonds that are out a little bit longer, but not much. I would say that the duration of our investments is still probably matching the duration of our long  slightly longer slide of our portfolios of, if I would have guessed, its probably in the four to seven-year area is what were buying now.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: And the yield to drive off of that?
William Berkley: Our target yields are still trying to match our current portfolio yield, which is give or take little better than 4%.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: 4%, okay. And then 
William Berkley: And, in fact, weve been able to do that.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Yes, great. And then, lastly, on the price monitoring you talked about, can you just give us a little background on the process and how you do that, especially when you look at things like exposure changes maybe if you have any views on exposure changes as well and whether or not this focus is on new business as well?
William Berkley: It  go ahead, Rob.
Rob Berkley:  The answer is that, lots of people call it price monitoring. But, what in our opinion is, is its really weight monitoring. Its a number of dollars you collect for a unit of exposure. And, certainly, as weve discussed in the past size monitoring is, is not a perfect science. But we believe at this stage that there is some precision to it.  Clearly, with the renewal book, where were able to keep track reasonably, carefully of the  of exposures were able to understand the change in exposures with new business it can become a bit more challenging depending on the line of business. So, generally speaking, we think there is a reasonable level of precision in it. Theres probably a bit more with the window [inaudible].
Dan Johnson  Citadel: So your number includes new business as well.
Rob Berkley: The answer is that we  my point is, it includes new business, but we track them with a fair bit of granularity, so were able to dissect it to see what the rate changes are. But the 0.8% includes new business as well as the renewal booked.
William Berkley: It has coincidently, for renewal business, its 0.8. And then, we examine new business to see if its pricing on a par with our existing business. And so the conclusion is, were tracking the same.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Good. Ive got more questions, but I better  Ill jump back in line. Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Good morning, everyone. I want to follow on Dans question a little bit. The new Berkley businesses that are generating the top line growth and in terms of the pricing those businesses, how do we confident about your pricing in those markets? So how  where do you base that sort of pricing analysis off of?
William Berkley: Ill let Rob answer with details. But basically, when we enter any new business, whether startup or whatever, we have a price model, we examine pricing levels. So we have standards that we enter into the business before we get into the business. So its not that we go into a business and say, Okay, lets see, what happens. So you enter the business with pricing expectations, with market expectations, having examined it. Its not sort of a random mock theory of pricing. Rob, do you want to?
Rob Berkley: Yes, I  I think youve covered it. But the ones that I would add is, I have suggested, we have a technical rates and  that we derive through a fair bit of work. In addition to that, obviously were conscious of where the market is.  And, quite frankly, its  when we look at the pricing that we see in these startups, not only they are both technical rate, but generally speaking, they are the top level or above market. And so, our comfort that you think these folks are doing the right thing in building these businesses. And in addition to that, obviously, we do have other resources within in Group, at sister companies that have expertise and we are able to doing this peer review to there as well.
William Berkley:  And, in addition, I might add that, a number of these teams of people wrote hundreds of millions of dollars of business in the places they were at and theyre now in our company writing $30 million or $40 million of business, because they understand we mean that were looking at price discipline. So they understand what they mean. So were  this has been a very slow start and its still moving very slowly. 
Rob Berkley: Most of these businesses that I think youre referencing are below the budgets that they have put together for themselves, 12 months ago, because of market condition. And to the point that I made earlier about the number of startups combined with the amount of business that these people wrote or managed it by organization, this is really  this is really just a reflection of their skills, expertise, and relationships in our opinion.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  Would it be a correct statement that most  the vast majority of business that youre receiving is business of a broader  from their former employers at this point? And 
William Berkley:  That would not be a correct statement.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  That would not be.
William Berkley: No.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then the second question will be, why do you think that in the second quarter of 2010, it seems like theres been an acceleration upward?
William Berkley:  I just think it takes time. It takes time, it takes time, the relationships. We dont go out and ask people to move business. It takes time, we have relationships with people and they get comfortable doing business with you. And the fact is, they get comfortable that we and they are going to be able to do what they expect and write the business.
Josh Shanker  Deutsche Bank:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Walsh with Citi.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Good morning, gentlemen. First question for Bill. Bill, youve been on the call talking the last several quarters about undisciplined competitors, then you guys put this type of premium growth. So, I guess, my question will be, what would your reaction be if your competition put up your numbers this quarter will be the first question?
William Berkley: Well, first of all, I think youre asking the wrong question, sir. I think the first question I would have asked is probably starting a few years ago was, why is Berkley investing so much money in all these startups and is getting no business out of them. Because, in fact, we started 19 operating units and we still shrank over that whole period of time. But with 19 new operating units, we shrink about 15 quarters. So thats the first question youll have to ask, because if you want to take a snapshot of one quarter, then you probably shouldnt be investing in the insurance business.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay. So 
William Berkley: Let me finish your question, please.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Sure.
William Berkley: Then, second of all, I think the next question if I was out there is, where is the growth and its mainly in international and places that there are other kinds of opportunities, there are other things going on. And, finally, if you divide that number up off 5.5% which is $50 million amongst 20 operating units, its not very many dollars from all those teams in that investment. So, I certainly pay attention, Id look at it, but I wouldnt come to any conclusion right away.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Okay. Then, taking your advice, if we just focus on the new business, my second question would be, doesnt the new growth imply your undercutting existing players in those current markets?
Rob Berkley:  No, what it imply  I mean, I guess, in that statement or that question, that assumes that, people make selections as to who they do business with or who they buy insurance from purely on price. I think in that comment, youre suggesting the skill, reputation, relationships, financial strength, ratings, et cetera, are relevant to the decision process.
William Berkley: And I think the long and short of it is, there is a lot of people out there that have relationships, that do business. And, as I said, its not very much business when you look at it on a per operating unit basis.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay. And then the last question just on pricing. You consistently say, you think pricing was getting better or will get better at some point. 
William Berkley: What I know  what I said is, prices have stopped going down.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay.
William Berkley: I didnt say, theyre getting better. And I specifically said, prices are down, eight-tenths of a percent in the quarter.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Okay. So my question is from a client point of view, why should I care about lower investment yield when the industry is still putting up reported underwriting profits. Why should I factor into my decision of why pricing needs to  why I need to pay more for insurance? Thanks.
William Berkley:  Who are your clients? Are they the people who buy insurance or are they the people who invest in insurance?
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Im talking about as a buyer of insurance.
William Berkley: The answer is buyers of insurance have only one thing in mind. They would like to have the least possible costly insurance from the highest quality, most certain providers who pay claims the fairest.
Keith Walsh  Citi: I guess the point Im getting, when I talk to risk managers or even smaller customers that buy insurance out there, they dont care necessarily about what you get on your investment yield. They just care about, they look at the underwriting profits in the industry. So why should they 
William Berkley: Well, we dont disagree. The question is, the people who are running insurance companies, the nature of a well-run business is the markets  the competitive markets sets the price. But competitors are supposed to price based on their cost of goods sold. And what I am suggesting is based on cost of goods sold, everybody would like to buy insurance for nothing. $1 would be a good price, but thats not a rational economic scenario.  And if the people whove bought insurance from Allianz or Frontier 10 years ago, how happy they are with that settlement or mutual risk. The answer is, people do have the sense to know they need to buy insurance from companies that will pay. And most responsible companies recognize at some point they have to make a returns so they can attract capital. Attracting capital requires return. Not many people who manage companies should find it attractive to raise new capital at less than book value, which is what a many of those stocks are selling and theyre selling there because of the inadequate returns those companies are generating.  So, at some point, whats going to happen is, people say, we answer to our shareholders, though shareholders dont want to be diluted. And, therefore, we better get better returns, so we wont have to raise capital and dilute our shareholders. Eventually, thats where it all plays out. The price people, people always want to buy the most they can for the lowest price. We totally agree on that. And people buying insurance dont care what my investment returns are.
Keith Walsh  Citi: Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Mike Grasher with Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone. Bill or Rob, maybe you could comment a little bit on the growth that you achieved that in the quarter around the alternative markets line of business. I guess, my perception on that business would be, that would be, sort of new business development or small business is starting up, and in this economic environment, that just doesnt seem to be the case. Im curious about that business and how youre achieving that growth.
William Berkley: Yes, Im going to let Rob go into the details. But its  that business has some ups and downs in the quarter and the second quarter is one of its smallest quarters. So while Ive chose the percentage increase of some consequence, the quarter as you might see was the first quarter was sort of $250 million and this quarter is a $150 million so to start with. So its a smaller quarter. So a modest gain gives you a bigger percentage gain. But, with that, let me let Rob comment.
Rob Berkley: I think, as you suggested, obviously Q2, were working off a smaller base in some of the quarters. But the  the most significant growth was probably coming from our accidents and health business specifically around the medical stop-loss lines. But we did see growth in some of the other lines as well. We certainly are seeing some improving conditions in the California comp and a couple of other spots as well. But, once again, I think that one needs to keep in mind its a smaller quarter, so it takes a little bit less to move the needle.
William Berkley: And, while accident and health doesnt flow into that startup Group per se, it is really in many ways its starting up as an enterprise because of the business it does.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then, the California comp portion, was that driven more by rate filings or by exposure units?
Rob Berkley: Its more  its exposure units. But you need to keep in mind that in the great State of California, one files their rates and I think you have the ability to deviate from those filings by a notable margin as if appropriate. I wouldnt focus too much on peoples filings in California as it relates to comp as much as  we  long story short, we think that there, as we mentioned in prior calls, reason to believe that the California comp market has bottomed up and is beginning to reform slowly.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray: Understood. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Quick question if I can on alternate risk. Can you quantify the modest premium contribution to the premium growth?
William Berkley:  Im sorry, could you repeat the question?
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, Im sorry, I hear an echo. Can you quantify the contribution of written premiums or additional audit premiums to alternative risk growth in the quarter?
William Berkley:   You mean the alternative of market segment to what extent that growth was driven by audit premiums?
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes.
William Berkley: It was not significant. The net of the auto premiums and the written premiums wouldnt be significant.
Rob Berkley:  One comment I would make is that, audit premiums and written premiums generally speaking are not overly meaningful, rather I highlighted that in my comments, because I think its just one more indicator so to speak as to impact the economy is having on the industry and by extension our business.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thats helpful. On the reserve side, if we look at the first quarter stat numbers, there was actually a reserve strengthening for exiting your 2009. And based on Genes comments, it looks like we went the other way in the second quarter. And I was hoping you could put some color on that?
Gene Ballard:  Nothing in particular. Just the ordinary re-estimating the reserves from one period to the next. Nothing significant in that change.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. And one last question, if I can, I was hoping Bill could give us some thoughts from his recent trip to Washington.
William Berkley: I think this  I testified before the House, no one from the other side  in fact we chose to testify, although they were invited. I think that they  we think that there is a fair possibility of this happening, but one never knows in Washington how things play out. Ive been at this now for four years. I have perfectly  I have lots of tenacity and Im going to persevere as we move through this.  And I would suggest that we probably are now with a better than 50-50 chance well get some  some thing attached to other legislation because of the need to raise money, and the blatant unfairness of the existing tax structure. And the fact is that the United States insurance companies pay taxes in different way.  And if you write business in the United States, you wont pay taxes the same way we do for that business and thats really what the new bill says, and we certainly believe there is a reasonable possibility that that will happen. If doesnt happen, it just means Congress will decide to continue to give a competitive advantage to non-domestic companies.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Doug McGregor, RBC Capital Markets.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Most of my questions have been answered. I guess, my two questions revolve around  first question revolve around startup businesses. Especially with the growth of the international business and then there is certainly wide variety of countries and underwriters as well as in the domestic area, does that  do you think it would meaningfully change the profile of your insurance portfolio overtime and maybe a more of a swing toward property or a certain kind of casualty or do you think that your  sort of your business is still kind of consistent with your historical profile?
William Berkley: I dont think our business mix is making any long-term dramatic changes. In the short run, obviously, when more business comes from new units, there is some subtle changes. But the mix of our startups is primarily looks like our existing business. There is some additional property exposures, although, its not catastrophe related property exposure. There is certainly some additional property exposure, no different than the startup being our offshore energy business where we had the Transocean risk, which in fact, was the charged statement, but didnt change our operating results. So, I think that we were in this position once before and we dont really think that this is going to have a material impact. We think whats going to really happen is as the cycle starts to turn, our other domestic businesses will start to grow dramatically. And, candidly, this business will not grow at that point in time, and nearly as greater rate, and well just be a much larger company, and this will be a piece of that larger company.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then the second question which is, more in the whats happening right now. The rates seemed to be, I guess, I would say, fairly benign based on your tracking. How are terms and conditions hoarding up? Ive heard little rumors here and there that there is  people are softening terms and conditions because they really cant  they are seeing every pressure to keep above the line of price.
William Berkley:  You mean price, prices are so low already, there is nothing else they can do but look.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:  Yes.
William Berkley: Yes, I think the answer is, for probably the past six months there has been some changes in terms and conditions, especially on very large risks thats the case. We  as I have said now for probably the past 12 months, weve lost virtually all our large risks and terms and conditions dont change much on small risk, although they have changed somewhat. I think that that seems to not have continued to get worse at the moment. But you can have a rash of a couple companies wanting to get more business for the quarter, so you can have a month where crazy things happen.  One of the signs of the turn in the cycle is seemingly volatile decision-making in various companies where they zig and zaggle a lot and thats some of the things you are seeing, people getting into one business, getting out of another business, doing all kinds of things to try to generate business. And I think youre starting to see that and theyre all the signs of that turn of the cycle coming, but its not here yet. Theres no question, its not here yet.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. Thats all my questions.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi with Oppenheimer.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer:  Thank you. Just a question on the ventures, if I could. Can you talk about how the accident year picks have been an ample growth as to the rest of your book? And then, also, since I think you had Gene that most of the development across the entire business has been in 06 and since years, has there been any sort of development in the startup? And if I can one follow-up. Thanks.
William Berkley:  I really think our loss picks have been conservative pretty much in every year and more conservative anything in the startups than in the existing businesses. We consistently increased our loss picks each year to reflect what we think our trends for inflation and pricing trends.  So our loss picks, for instance, are  have more probably 10 plus points higher than our developed loss ratio for instance in 2007. So its  so weve got substantially increases in our loss fix and that may or may not prove to be needed, but that is how we go and the startups have more conservative loss fix as opposed to less conservative loss fix.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: Okay.
William Berkley: You had another piece of your question, you asked Gene.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: No, no, that was it on the startups. And if I could one  I mean, maybe mostly for Rob. On the alternative business, it look like the gross written premiums were higher, seating was also hiring. Can you just kind of talk about what drove those trend and maybe its just a one-quarter phenomenon? Im sorry.
William Berkley: Just one second.
Rob Berkley:  One second.  
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: Okay. 
Rob Berkley:  I think that that has more to do with the assigned risk premiums that flow through as far as the gross versus net.
Gene Ballard:  Well, and in addition to that, we historically have written and assigned risk business in two segments, the regional segment and the alternative market segment, where on  were gradually migrating all the business into the regional segment, so wed no longer  and into the alternative margin. So youre seeing some noise from that. But, the important thing about that, our business is, is thats a 100% reinsured, so it goes through our gross numbers, gets a 100% reinsured back out and it has no impact on our bottom line.
William Berkley:  Or on our net numbers.
Gene Ballard: On our net numbers.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: Great, got it. And then, just a capital question mostly, so portfolio and debt relative to equity are bit higher than the peer group, and I would have guessed that the debt is costing you more than you can generate right now just on dollars invested basis in the portfolio. So what would need to happen on the underwriting side or just on the outlook for the business side to consider buying back some of your own debt and reducing both of those portfolio and debt?
William Berkley:  Well, by September, we payoff I think a $150 million just as it comes due.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: Right.
William Berkley: And I think that, there is a whole lot of issues that you have with characteristics of the debt thats issued an outstanding. And some of the debt that thats out there has some characteristics that you cant issue anymore. Its 30, 40 plus years, trust preferreds and some other things that has terms and conditions and they are out there in ways that would be hard to replace. And we think that the return on our equity is such that the  if anything would better off using new capital generated to buyback stocks, than to reduce that at the moment.  I am  I think that at some point we may consider that buying back debt would be a better alternative but not now. I think that when we look at capital management, we look at several things, one, we look at buying back stocks, two, we look at buying back debt, and three, we look at dividends. Do we want to change our dividend policy? You want to pay a special dividend?  And every Board meeting we sit and we talk about that issue of our capital management and best used as alternative for that capital. And at this point, we think given the quality of our ability to generate underwriting income and investment income, the returns are still better than keeping the debt outstanding is a better alternative for the moment.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: And just one follow-up, if I could, on that topic. On the ARB business, so I think you had said that spread income was about $7 million lighter over the link quarter last year. So what  what would have to happen there for you say, maybe, that thats something that you either dont want to keep doing or maybe just set a timeframe for achieving what might be adequate returns in that business. I guess its been kind of a decent year on the M&A front relative to last year. So I just want to understand like how youre thinking about that as part of your overall portfolio. Thank you for all the questions.
William Berkley:  Yes, the amount of money we allocate to our ARB business was up and down. I mean, at one point, 18 months ago, I think we had a $150 million allocated to in the rest of the cash we had.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: Right.
William Berkley: So its not  its not we give them and money it  money and it just sits there, they have it. So its an integral part of our portfolio. And weve gotten fabulous returns over 20 years, substantially better than alternatives and weve had money in other  outside of our accounts and our guys have basically on a risk-adjusted basis have equaled or exceeded those returns in virtually every year. So were pretty happy with the returns theyve generated.  Were not happy with some of the volatility we have in a quarter there and its aggravating. But I have to practice what I preach and that is I cant change our strategy, because one quarter was disappointing and they continue to do an outstanding job and we expect well continue to get great returns. And then, frankly, Im more concerned with how do I maintain liquidity and get  were getting such crappy returns on cash which is a bigger concern for our company and for every insurance company, returns on cash is so crummy.
Michael Nannizzi  Oppenheimer: Right. Thank you so much for the answers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith with Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Could you provide some clarity on the growth in the international business? And the combined ratios in the business have a 100% plus, so if you could help us understand how you gain comfort on the newer business? And is some of that growth because of the new large platforms?
William Berkley:  Go ahead, Rob, why dont you start.
Rob Berkley: Yes, a significant amount of it is from the Lloyds platform. We are comfortable with the growth. Because when you put aside the combined ratios, I think that you mentioned a moment ago, when the businesses are in their infancy, we are particularly focused on what we believe the loss ratio is and we believe that the expense ratio will get sorted out as scale comes along in an appropriate manner and we have earned premium that will be able to leverage, so that we can leverage the expenses by. So is there another question you had?
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse:  Specific to that, that was it. And the second question was with respect to reserving on this is  I think you mentioned something about that before. I just wanted to confirm that the loss pick on new business relative to the renewals is higher. I mean are you picking at higher loss ratio for the new business?
Rob Berkley:  The answer is, that generally speaking, when use design loss ratios for our younger businesses or startups if you like, we feel as though it is prudent to err perhaps on the side of caution, because clearly, the available data and information with a new business is not as plentiful as it would be with the business that has been part of the Group for an extended period of time or more mature.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse:  Sure. So since this business surely hasnt earned through as yet, should we expect lower accident  higher accident DR loss ratios for the company in the near term, just as the new business earns through?
Rob Berkley:  I dont think thats necessarily should be the case. I think that our writings have been gradually growing over some period of time and I think youre going to see the earned premium begin to become more visible that have has in prior quarters.
William Berkley: And I think that while the payout tale for losses maybe the same as their averaged duration, there isnt the same risk of new losses and the development as new losses themselves. So we should  we should know pretty quickly as to the loss picks, although the payout patterns are still going to be in the probably three plus year duration.  So were going to know pretty quickly we have not gotten into in the international business other than Australia which has a fairly long duration, we have not gotten into any businesses that we will find  we should find anyway surprises as to the loss picks, payout patterns theyre long theyll also in some of these areas.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse:  And, how has Berkley managed to grow in these international locations versus the US peers? Is it that US peers dont have this sort of presence in the foreign countries that you have?
William Berkley: Well, I think, again it comes to hiring teams of people who are well connected, who have relationships in these countries, who know people. And, its also its not like we started yesterday, okay? We started these things three years ago and its taken a long time before weve gotten any significant traction at all that theyre just starting to do well. If you look at the total volume from all these businesses, theyre all very small.  I mean, as I said before, some of these teams of people ran businesses that were 300, 400, 500 million. In fact, one of them was $1 billion team that today theyre writing 10%, 20%, 30% of what they were writing three years later. So its not like theyre suddenly writing these huge amounts of business that theyre barely scratching the surface and thats the price we paid for when we started.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse: Thanks everyone.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith  UBS: Hi, good morning. I have two questions here. First, just a quick one for Gene, tax rate in the quarter looks like it was a little bit low. Was there anything unusual there or is it just my calculation?
Gene Ballard:  Yes, no, its nothing unusual. I mean, its just the mix of our tax exempts then come relative to our total profit. But its probably 
Brian Meredith  UBS: This will be the  because the arbitrage is probably down, thats probably why.
Gene Ballard: Well, yes, its a function of how much our pretax income is, because the tax exempts have a  lower the pretax, the more the tax exempts impact, we get some exempt, so it varies some. But the amount of tax exempts that we invested in has not changed.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Got you. 
William Berkley: Its actually  it was about 24%.
Gene Ballard: Yes.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Okay. And just one other just quick number question for Gene. Do you have the reserve relations by business segment?
Gene Ballard: Well have those in the Q.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Okay, thanks. And then the last question, Rob and Bill, on the new business or try to be [inaudible] in this, but is it more that your submission activity is up or youre actually seeing hit ratios rise as well as on that business?
Rob Berkley: The answer is that, the most of the growth is coming because people are showing us business due to the relationships that these teams have. So its not necessarily that theres been the constant flow of business and all of a sudden hit ratios are ticking up in a meaningful ways rather its driven by business being brought to our attention, because of the relationships and peoples presence in the marketplace and the  if there are the distribution system and insurers want to do business with us.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney:  Good morning and thank you. Bill, with you guys realizing accelerating and I dont know what looks like to me record reserve redundancies over the last four or five quarters, have you  are you seeing anything that changes your thinking with regard to when the industrys redundancies might run out?
William Berkley:  Its very hard to assess other peoples redundancies, not so hard to look at where the current loss picks have been. I think that we have consistently and continued to be more cautious in our current accident year picks as prior year redundancies become greater since we set our current years based on the prior years that automatically means our current years are going to prove to be more conservative.  So if 2006 was set and it was proved to be 7 points or 8 points redundant, that means, however we set 2010, the establishment of that base was going to have started from a base level that was 7 points redundant. So that automatically means our current accident years are more cautious.  As far as the industry goes, I think that if you look at the industry, at the non-catastrophe accident year loss ratio, I think that probably a number of companies are picking pretty conservative numbers and I think most of all larger companies are. The question is, are they conservative enough. And some companies are pricing their business knowingly at a more aggressive price basis, expecting that on renewal, theyll be able to raise prices which hasnt in fact in the case. So I think that this is a game of actuaries and accountants giving together and look backwards and forwards and trying to conclude where the returns are. I think when you look at the world and you see the judgments that Boards need to may and they have to focus on and that is when you see stock selling at discounts to book value, the marketplace is telling you that your returns are less than what they need to be.  And, therefore, since if the printed returns will be reflective of the current returns, that wouldnt be the case. So, I guess, the long and the short of it is, I think people are being overly optimistic that their redundancies are certainly on their last legs, whether that means they have one quarter, one month, or one year, I cant tell you though.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: But you  you would say that your results currently are a reflective of conservative loss picks going in as opposed to, youre just seeing no loss is developed in certainly lines of the regional business where you might have go up there and see losses before.
William Berkley: I wish there were no losses. Every night, some people ask they should live another day, I say, could I please have no more losses for one day and that never happens. We get losses every day and theyre within the realm of predictability, there is no question, the trends have been better than we would have expected, but not enough to offset the silliness with the pricing levels. And, again, if you recast everyones invest income to current yield, you dont have anybody or certainly have very few people making decent returns.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, just a follow-up on that last question, and specifically on the claims, I mean, you had mentioned that the claims trends maybe have been somewhat better than you had expected. Have you guys been able to dig into why that is, because we hear from others, but no one has a good sense of why and its probably an important question if were kind of concerned about that going the other way at some point?
William Berkley: Well, I think first of all, I think there are a couple of external factors Jay, that you have to look at. First of all, inflation has been virtually nonexistent except for medical. Medical inflation has been rear, its been substantial, and its had an adverse impact on cost trends for lots of lines of business.  But the other side is, because of a difficult economy, people have been more willing and more anxious to settle claims and get paid. So the capacity to settle claims will then reason has really improved somewhat. So I think youve got those two things at an external basis.  Less business activity, less drive, and all those kinds of things that take place in a more difficult economic time certainly reduce the number of exposures you have to bad things happening. So I think you just put all those things together and things were a little better. A little better however isnt enough to take care of to offset the medical cost inflation and declines in prices. So my guess is that people are being a bit optimist.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I guess, if we do have a stronger recovery and there is more miles driven than  and more workers out there, I guess theres a change we do see an increase in claims frequency at that point.
William Berkley:  I would think that. But also simultaneously would that be industry would have a more courage to raise prices. I think right now theirs  right now, there is a driving price today, really are companies are afraid to lose business, the agents and brokers are afraid to lose business, and the customer is reluctant to pay more even for better coverages, so youve got everything including that. I think that thats easy up, because those lots of companies that are recognize they are not making any money in the current situation. And there are a lot.
Jay Cohen  Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Thanks Bill.
William Berkley:  Yes, sir.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Johnson from Citadel.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Thanks. My questions have been asked and answered.
Operator: Our question comes from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to get an update on how much capital is at the holding company level. And once the debt comes due, how youre thinking about proceeds going forward?
William Berkley: I think we have  in terms of cash capital, maybe $300 million, and we also have some investments that we can turn into cash probably for another $100 million to $150 million. So probably $450 million of available resources, $400 million. And we buyback stocks on a quarter-to-quarter basis, well look at that, well look at dividends.  But, right now, the plan is, as we said, were going to effectively and thats what we earn each quarter in buying back stocks, but we have a Board meeting coming up and well discuss whether thats the optimal alternative or not.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And then, just shifting gears to the portfolio, you mentioned that, is your new money yield today equal to  equal to whats rolling off?
William Berkley:  Its pretty close, yes.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:  So what 
William Berkley:  Pretty close.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:  So I think you gave a little bit of color. But, just once again, what are you buying today thats able to equal those yields?
William Berkley:  We really dont talk about individual purchases of securities, but there are things around, one of the benefits of having a property and casualty company, we have positive cash flow is, you can buy things that dont give you instant liquidity. And, therefore, if you sit in the marketplace and deal with people, you find things that are of high quality, but not easily liquid. And when you look along those lines, most investors create liquidity and therefore cant or arent track those things. Its one of the benefits we have.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley:  Okay. So youre buying less liquid things. It sounds 
William Berkley: No, I said  didnt I say that, I said that that is one of the attractive  were buying a whole array of individual securities that effectively it can give us that 4.2% give or take return.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay. And whats the average duration of what youre buying?
William Berkley: Well, why dont we do, when we file our Q, all that information will be there.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, okay, because the duration seems to be going down, but 
William Berkley: Duration is  in our portfolio was virtually flat. It varies one month plus or minus and thats all its varied for an extended period of time.
Greg Locraft  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Robert Barnum with KBW.
Robert Barnum  KBW: Hi there, good morning. So for rates to go up by yearend, youre going to need your competitors to come to their senses it sounds like. So why are you so optimist that this will be the case and can a few renegade companies keep that from happening?
William Berkley: You make a judgment, you look at the world, and the fact is that that my judgment is  first of all, a few renegade companies cant make it happen. They cant pre keep it from happening. And I think that there are lots of people who are sitting back and saying, You know, if we repriced our portfolio to yield what current yields are with the same portfolio, its going to be very hard to maintain the returns. And I think that there are a lot of people who are thinking about that now. And theres always a few people out there who are aggressive, but they dont have unlimited capacity.  And, in fact, there are several people who are in the marketplace trying to get into new lines of business and couldnt find any reinsurers who would support them, because they did right what they were doing price wise. So there is discipline in the marketplace and thank goodness there are actually a lot of reinsurers who say, Hey, you know, this is silly. And who arent supporting the most aggressive players. And thats one of the things which starts to bring that discipline about. But I think for the most parts and most serious people in the business understand where things are and theyre going to come to the conclusion that they need to make those changes.
Robert Barnum  KBW: So, you do not see new competition coming in right now or do you think thats pretty slow at this point?
William Berkley: Not  in general, no. Theres always competition, there are always people going in and out. But its certainly, theres not aggressive new competitions of the business. By in large, there are more people leaving the business and getting in. And, if I had money to invest and I was outside the business, its even not very attractive things wed add to is a new competitor.
Robert Barnum  KBW: Right. Okay. And do you  what changes do you see in the marine energy market and maybe early, but just curious what you see out there?
Rob Berkley: I think that generally speaking were a bit surprised that the liability rates havent been moving up, even though were not really much of a player in that space, as much as we were thought on the heels of a recent events and certainly as property rates have been moving up. Having said that, thats very much driven an influence by quality of operator and region of the world. 
Robert Barnum  KBW: Okay, very good. And, thank you, thats it from me.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Just one quick follow-up. Bill, can you talk about was there any trends in companies looking to be bailed out by being acquired?
William Berkley: Its actually  were just beginning to see people know they have problems, they would not tell you theyre being bailed out. They would tell you there is an opportunity for you. But its just beginning to be that point. And I think that youre starting to see accountants and actuaries looking at things and beginning to be a bit more skeptical. So I think thats just at the starting phase.  That would be  I think that  and theres something in the market turning around, it would be the  but one of the best things it can happen is, someone getting a lot more pressure from their outside auditors or accountants that something had to be done. But, in fact, weve seen people who we thought were in trouble and having difficulties get acquired in the past six months  past few months.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Howard Schlenker [ph] with Schlenker & Company [ph].
Howard Schlenker  Schlenker & Company:  Hello Bill. First, Id like to pay you complement and then I have a question. I saw that your early payment of your customers claim at the Deepwater Horizon or Deep Horizon whatever its called, was really brilliant, and you lost the interest maybe six months to 12 months on the cash you laid out, which your goodwill is probably 50 or 100 times what you had as an opportunity cost. Kudos to you. And, my question is, in your rating or reserving, approximately what do you think your underlying inflationary estimate is?
William Berkley: The answer is, we dont  we dont establish the inflation rate per se.
Howard Schlenker  Schlenker & Company: No, just back of your  its somewhere in the back of your mind, thats what I was trying.
William Berkley: I think we generally look depending on what it is, its sort of a 6% medical number and sort of a 3% general inflation number when we look at the mix of the claims. But it depends on how long we hold this, it depends on the pad, it depends on the type of line of business, so it widely varies. 
Howard Schlenker  Schlenker & Company: Thats okay. I just wanted to know  Ill ask each management that because conditions are changing in a way we havent seen in probably 50 years or 70 years. And, one way or another, therell be a surprise and an opportunity.
William Berkley: There are no questions.
Howard Schlenker  Schlenker & Company: Thanks.
Operator:  Im showing no further questions in the queue.
William Berkley: Okay, thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-27 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - Chairman and CEO Gene Ballard - SVP and CFO Rob Berkley - President and COO
Analysts: Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray Doug McGregor - RBC Capital Markets Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney
Operator: Good day and welcome to your W.R. Berkley Corporation first quarter 2010 earnings call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce Mr. William R. Berkley. Mr. Berkley you may begin.
William Berkley: Our general counsel will now read our Safe Harbor statement.
Unidentified Speaker:  The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as the representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2009 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
William Berkley: We are going to start by having Rob talk a little bit about our operations and Gene talk about the financials. Then I will pick up and talk a little bit about anything they left out and then talk a bit about the industry and where we see our business going. We were pleased with our quarter and generally happy with our results. So now I will turn it over to Rob. Go ahead Rob.
Rob Berkley: Thank you, good morning. In aggregate the quarter was in line with our expectations certainly by most measures the environment remains competitive and some might describe the market as two steps back, one step forward, but more recently we are encouraged to see a growing number of isolated situations where perhaps it can be described as two steps forward, and one step back.  Some of the areas that are also in the greatest level of competition continue to be as in past quarters commercial transportations, construction and product liability and a bit disappointing but a reality one could add some of the professional lines over the past quarter to that list, particularly large account D&L. The company had a good quarter, particularly given the environment, the gross premium was down to mere 2% coming at $1.126 billion.  Our price monitoring indicated that are pricing was flat and our renewal retention ratio was in the 80s. We ended up delivering a combined ratio of 94. This is made up of a loss ratio 59 and the expense ratio of 35. Its worth noting the 59 includes $23 million of the storms as well as tax. And the expense ratio was predominantly driven by lower earned premiums as well as start up expenses with some of our younger organization.  When you go cut through all the moving pieces as far as reserves and storms and cash, our best estimate is that our current accident year is running give or take around a 100 combined. If you take a step back and you look at our history and our approach to reserving there is certainly evidence that could suggest that it is possible that, that number could improve as the year develops out. A couple of sound bytes on the five different segments maybe cutting right through to the chase as far as the one particularly noteworthy outlier that would be our international segment. It came in with a combined ratio of a [111]. This was in part driven by an expense ratio of 44. and this was really due to some of the fact that we have a significant number of start ups in that segment including our new Lloyds syndicate, our operations in Australia, our effort to build our business in Brazil as well as a few branches that we have created in Western Europe as part of WR Berkley, Europe, our FSA company.  Having said that, we also had some cat losses related to the Chilean earthquake to the tune of $4 million which hit our Lloyd Syndicate. Our regional segment had a very strong quarter coming into the 92.7. They incurred $15 million of storms. Its worth noting that this market place continues to be exceptionally competitive and there is a fierce tug-of-war that seems to be going on amongst a few national carriers and we are doing our best to stay out of the way of that battle. Berkley North Pacific, our newest regional company in the North West is getting the traction that we would have hoped for. And our surety business is enjoying the early signs of improving US economy. Moving on to the regional segments, continues to be a challenging environment for our re-insurance companies. Perhaps the greatest challenge comes from our receiving partners or the company that see business to us. In an effort to support their top line, they seem to continue to buy less re-insurance. As a result of this and this reality over the past several quarters, our expense ratio has been picking up. This has also driven by our underwriting discipline. Its worth noting that we clearly recognize that there are two types of partners. There are those that try and see business to us in an effort to try and arbitrage our capital and there are some that are true partners through out the cycle. We recognize these two different groups and approach them accordingly. It's also worth mentioning that the Reinsurance Group encountered $4 million of cat losses through a relationship that they have in Lloyd, these cat expense from also the earthquake in Chile. The alternative market was not insulated from the challenges of the environment altogether, having said that they have faired particularly well given what they are dealing with. Obviously, as traditional risk transfer solutions, quite frankly evolved to a very much buyers market, people are not interested in trying to find ways to stop insuring. Workers compensation remains a competitive line. This level of competition though varies greatly depending on the territory. Our accident and health business is getting great traction and we are particularly pleased with the progress that's being made in the medical stop-loss case. And finally our specialty segment, which arguably is facing amongst the greatest challenges throughout the industry. The specialty market has been under a great deal of pressure over the past several quarters, mainly driven by the admitted market or the standard market, increasing its share of the overall market place. We have seen business migrating from the specialty lines into the standard market, and as that has happened we have seen an eroding of terms and conditions. Unfortunately in the past 90 days for the first time, we have been seeing terms and conditions eroding within the specialty market. More specifically we are seeing specialty players who have gotten to the point that they can't find a way to give anymore on fine, so unfortunately what they have decided to do is cave on terms and conditions. Historically this has been a sign of the last shoot of drop or the final straw, so while it is certainly disappointing and challenging in the short run, it is encouraging and leaving us to believe that the change in behavior is not in too distant far. To make a long story short, our sense is that the pressure in the marketplace is building everyday, we remained focus on maintaining the appropriate level of underwriting discipline and we wait patiently for the inevitable change. Thank you all, Gene, you want to pick up the financial?
Eugene Ballard: Okay, thanks Bill. In spite of the level of catastrophic loses and storm activity in the insurance marketplace this quarter, it was another solid quarter for us in terms of both our underwriting results and our investment performance. Our net premiums were $984 million, which is a decrease of 4% from a year ago, although premiums were down slightly in the quarter, the rate of decline was about three points lower than it was in the preceding quarter, so we are seeing an improving trend there. Premiums while at start of the company on a gross basis were up 39% to a 166 million and accounted for about 15% of our overall gross premium volume. While our domestic business declined by 5% through our premiums for the international segment which has a higher proportion of new businesses increased by 9%. The overall lost ratio was 59.1, down three points from the first quarter of 2009. Favorable reserve development, increased 54 million a year ago to 62 million in the current quarter, and represented about a seven loss ratio points. Reserves developed favorably in all five business segments with a majority of the favorable development in the specialty and regional segment. Weather-related losses for the regional segment were $50 million, up slightly from $9 million in the prior period and losses from the earthquake in Chile were $8 million including $4 million in the re-insurance segment and 4 million in the international segment. Our paid losses decreased by $3 million from a year ago.  Our accident year combined ratio was just over a 100 if you include the cat and storm losses and about 98 without the cat and storm losses. Again Rob said, the loss estimates embedded in these combined ratios reflect our conservative approach to reserving especially for recent years that have greater uncertainty and higher risk of inflation.  The expense ratio was 35.0, that up 3.5 points from the first quarter of 09 and 6/10th of a point from the fourth quarter of 09. the current quarter expense ratio includes approximately 1 full point of incremental expenses for start-up companies that have to yet to reach sufficient scale to cover their expenses, and it also includes another point related to several large reinsurance trees with above average commission rates that are fully offset by lower loss ratios.  The overall combined ratio was 94.1 compared with 93.7 a year ago and the combined ratio was below 95 for all four of our domestic segments. The international segment combined ratio of a 111.5 includes four points from the earthquake and five points for expenses related to three new companies in that segment. Net investment income was a $139 million, thats up about a $0.5 million from a year ago. The portfolio mix is basically unchanged from year end with 89% invested in fixed-income securities 5% in our arbitrage account, 3% in equity securities and 3% in investment funds. The average duration of the fixed income portfolio was 3.7 years at March 31st, up slightly from 3.6 years at the beginning of the year. The annualized yield on the portfolio was 4.3%, down slightly from 4.5% in the first quarter of 09. Earnings from the arbitrage account were basically unchanged from a year ago. Unrealized investment gains increased $62 million to $400 million at year end and income from investment funds was $5 million and unrealized investment gains were $6 million. That gives us an operating earnings of $0.70 per share and operating return on equity of 12.4% for the quarter. After the impact of share buybacks, we bought back 33.8 million share for about $95 million in the quarter, after the impact of those re-purchases as well as dividends our book value per share increase 3.6% to $23.80 at March 31st.
William Berkley:  Thanks, Gene. Well, we continue to see signs of the market reaching its bottom, but clearly, the psychology that was required for a turn of the cycle of any dramatic proportion is not yet here. Certainly again in line in certain lines of business prices are not just firming, but prices are increasing. In general though, as Rob said, prices are flat, the declining prices while it still exits in some areas has general stopped. Competition is continuing however for the largest risks and we see it sporadically especially in the closing periods of every quarter where people are trying to make budgets and getting aggressive. The other thing we see is people occasionally are starting to have to pay the piper for their prior years poor judgment. So we are starting to see some people not only not having any redundancies to release but have deficiencies that they have to deal with and we expect that that's is going to continue. The overall environment is still not positive. people haven't face up to the fact that today the industry is probably in general at 110 combined ratio in an accident year basis, even the best companies in the industry are at a 98 to 100 on an accident year basis. There are number of good companies still have significant redundancies, but you still have to look at that 110 best companies just under a 100 and the current level of investment income which is delivering for the average company a zero rate of return and for good companies 10% at best, we are optimistic that the cycle is still going to turn, we expect it to turn by the end of the year. we think you will start see price increases as people approach the end of the year, do their budgets for next year and have to look realistically at where things are and our general view is unchanged about price increases of substantial amount in the fourth quarter. We believe that there continue to be opportunities to right business where customers recognize they buy insurance in order to get claims paid and whats been unsaid here is a number of the most aggressive competitors are behaving in ways that historically this industry has found unacceptable under being more difficult payments and claims and more aggressive in resisting their claims responsibilities. We think both the agents, brokers and ultimate customers are going to migrate towards those companies to take their responsibilities more seriously and to understand people buy insurance to take claims and get them paid. So we are optimistic that well continue to be able to hold our own, expand our position. There continued to be people talking to us because we find that our opportunistic approach to be in growing to expand even in this difficult environment offers traction to people who are experienced and like our disciplined style. With that, Id turn this over to questions Mary.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mike Grasher from Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray:  First quarter, just following up on your comment there at the end about the opportunities that your are finding. Can you talk to despite the environment that we are in, how is it that you are able to find these new opportunities? And really grow this start up?
William Berkley:  This is still a people business Mike and relationships still exist, novelty and expertise is really the grounding of this business and while its not easy to build a large business. There is a core of relationships that go with people who have expertise and knowledge and if you can attract those people you are always able to build the starting point of good business. We havent been able to make a number of those businesses grow as much as wed like, but we think by getting outstanding people, we are able to get traction pretty quickly.  Not only as quickly as we like them. But its still, as I said, its a people business and that represents the reason we have been able to do this. 
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then how much does the idea of joining Team Berkley sort of incentivize those people on the outside?
William Berkley: The person who they usually talk to first is Rob and when I let Rob talk and then he is more modest than I am, so after he talks then Ill probably tell you my less modest point of view. 
Rob Berkley: I think that certainly for many people we offered attractive alternative perhaps where they currently are or other alternatives, because of our general approach to the business that is reasonably decentralized and we are great believes that the folks that are closest to the frontline are the ones are in a position to make the best decisions, but consequently we empower them and give them the authority.  So, I guess long story short, I think people find our organization attractive yes because of our financial strength, but the real reason is because we have a track record that allows that would suggest that people given the authority and the economy to run those business as opposed to being exposed to being micro managed by some giant centralized home office. 
William Berkley: I think a good example is our budgeting process, we dont direct goals as the volumes or anything else our budgets come from each operating unit who then tell us what they think they can do and we have a dialogue about it, as opposed to us telling them what we expect. Many people who come here for the first time are shocked that we actually do what we say. But our segments are manageable, theres one person between Rob and I and the operating units that the Senior Vice President who is not a long line to get through if theres not a lots of ways that you are prevented from talking to anyone of this organizations so, its a very few tiers of people and easy to work in and focused on getting the job done. We like to say we are outcome focused, not process focused and there arent many companies that have our resources that are still able to do that
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray:  Okay. Thats helpful. Thanks for the insight there. And one final question just around your comments with the industry accident you are probably somewhere around a 110. Can you talk to more specific lines of business that maybe you are above that 110? And those are maybe below. I guess more importantly, those that are above?
William Berkley:  I dont really. As you know, having listened to our calls before, we dont get into discussions about the individual lines of business on these calls.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray:  Not within your own company, but just within the industry.
William Berkley:  Its just as dangerous for me to do that, so I'm going to pass Mike.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Doug McGregor from RBC Capital Markets.
Doug McGregor - RBC Capital Markets:  Just a couple of quick questions. First, I guess maybe Gene. Was there any Forex impact, adverse or favorable under international business for you?
Gene Ballard: A modest amount about $5 million in the quarter if they stay favorable gain.
Doug McGregor - RBC Capital Markets: $5 million favorable, that will be in premiums mainly?
Gene Ballard: No, it's normally when we' will have an overseas operation that has invested in a currency other than its own functional currency.
Doug McGregor - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that make sense. I guess the second question would be more of overall capital management question. Obviously you are pretty aggressive with your buyback this quarter. You indicated that a general appetite for buybacks given the current conditions. Could you remind me first of all what your current authorization is,a dollar or share amount?
William Berkley: It's about 11.5 million shares, it's not stated in the dollar amount. It's 11.5 million shares
Doug McGregor - RBC Capital Markets: I would assume that you saw the appetite to buyback as current conditions would hold?
William Berkley : We don't even tell people when and how and where we determine what to buy a stock back, that's not something we just play out, we bought back shares and at times we do and times we don't. We are interested in buying back stock when we think it's good for our shareholders and that maybe today or may not be today but we think it's not something we just play out. It gives us less of an advantage for our shareholders if we tell the people on the other side the transaction what our plans are.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Oppenheimer
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: On investment income, is that number a little light relative to last quarter, as a result of the buybacks which look like it occurred mostly in early part of the quarter?
William Berkley: I think the buybacks due to occur in the very early part of the quarter. I think the investment income is basically flat. It's not light I think that in part being quite as a function of, you're always running a race especially when we have older higher yielding paper coming off and investing in that current interest rate. So, it's a foot race to maintain our yield.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: On the net investment funds, can you talk a little about the $4.7 million there, that includes the mortgages and if I heard you right, can you just kind of talk about that line relative to that last quarter?
William Berkley: What you mean, what makes up them?
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer:  Yes, whats the number relative to kind of where we were we were last quarter there. I just wanted to understand.
William Berkley:  Its basically what you, it is not much change really it is evaluation changes, some oil and gas funds that we have in Canada or which is probably the biggest single piece, then it is real estate. We have two real estate funds.
Gene Ballard: 
 : 
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer:  You mentioned our qualitative matters as far as your service profile, claims paying and these other aspects of your business that differentiate you from others. Are you seeing that get equal footing or more footing now relative to just pricing and could you talk about whether or not that behavior or physiological change happened prior to the last cycle turn. 
William Berkley: One of the things that Ive tried to talk to people about is the state of mind that really drives the cycle change because its not just the reported numbers, its when the fear of the business doing badly and the real results ending up being much worse than the reported results that cause people to act and as people start to see those adverse trends, there are some companies that choose to tighten up their claims paying procedures and their behavior in the field gets more difficult.  Those companies always end up suffering. So, I think that the independent agent recognizes that. The independent agent then starts to move away from those companies that they see behaving in an arbitrary way. So, we have benefited in general and cyclical turn as large companies and small also, but primarily large companies get being tougher with claims and agents decide thats not something they can deal with. So we have benefited by that and in the last cycle the same thing happened.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Meyer Shields from Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: 
 :
William Berkley:  No, the answer, thats all, (inaudible) that Credit Arrow [ph] continues to do better. Its a business. I dont think the margins are going to get better. Its an industrial company if you will, they are doing better and I dont think that will continue to have a significant increase in the margins. Its a little more volatile quarter to quarter. I think theyre doing fine and its giving us a good return on our investment, but I think you have started to see a significantly better economy before they would be really be benefiting. And I dont think youve seen it yet.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: And you talked a little bit about professional liability in (inaudible) price I think. Do you expect the recent Goldman Sachs news changed that?
William Berkley:  Sorry, could you repeat the question?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: I'm sorry. I was asking whether the recent Goldman Sachs user charges is likely to impact pricing for specialized D&O. 
William Berkley:  Unfortunately not. We dont think that the Goldman situation is all of a sudden going to dramatically change the appetite or the environment for a large account D&L. I think that you are going to see a series of significant SEC claims that will provide the required wake up call. I think what were seeing right now is the greatest level of competition particularly on some of the lower layers as some of the folks that have been in the market place for some period of time playing some of the higher access layers or looking for ways over the past call it 12 months to elbow their way up to the table and perhaps become the next AIG, so we will see with the time whether that works out or no, to your specific question, it is unlikely in our opinion that Goldman situation on its own will drive a change in market behavior.
Gene Ballard: And some of those people actually may become the next AIG without the government's assistance. Thats wishful thinking unfortunately I am afraid, but I think that the only loss that we see that could change a particular segment might be the drilling of rig loss in the Gulf where the loss is going to be very large loss, it was the kind of loss that no one anticipated, very high quality, partners operating it, in everyway, technologically advanced rig. Big loss, not storm related, not the kind of loss you would expect in a market that wasn't at the peak of competitiveness, but was certainly competitive. That's the kind of loss that might have an impact on the margin, but generally speaking one loss or one issue like Goldman Sachs would not have an impact on the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Can you discuss the amount of shares youve bought back to date in the second quarter?
William Berkley:  First of all, no of course I cant discuss what I have done in the second quarter. Because then I would be saying something that I have little enough to say Jay, what would I say of the second quarter call if I told you know.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Quartet to date, just give us a taste for it.
William Berkley:  No, I cant do, my lawyer is sitting here is waving his finger at me saying, lets not talk about it I am sorry.
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  All right because of the company actually did mention this one but lets go to other question.
William Berkley:  I have a lawyer who is bigger than me what can I say. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Rob, you had mentioned you are seeing some sings of terms and conditions loosening up. I am wondering how widespread that is?
Rob Berkley: I think that how widespread it is kind of hard to articulate that, you know Jay I think as we have discussed in the past on these calls and I think other occasions as well. We have seen terms and conditions loosening or an extended period of time as I suggested that business migrated from the non-standard or non-admitted/specialty market into the standard or admitted market. That just happens naturally, but what we are seeing now and it seems to be becoming more widespread, is an erosion of terms and conditions that are being offered within the specialty market. And I guess our only conclusion is to wire a speculation as to why folks are doing it, is because they finally realize that they hit the wall with pricing. So in an effort to attract business, well what they are doing is since they cant give any to more up on price front. They are just giving it up on terms and conditions. How wide spread is it, I dont have a metric that I can share with you but certainly it is not something that we saw in a significant way in 09 or prior, it is something that has come somewhat out of the blue in Q1 of 2010 and I think that you would find that if you went back to sort of 99 - 2000 it is perhaps a page out of Berkley book, as I also suggested earlier. The good news is that when you get aggressive with pricing that takes a little bit of time to come home to roost. Often times when you start playing with terms and conditions as it has been suggested in the past thats one way to take long tier business and make it short tier business. 
Jay Cohen - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thanks Rob, last question on the claim side can you give us some flavor for what newly arising claims are looking like from a frequency standpoint, actually weather of course?
William Berkley: I dont think there has been a particular change in our claims either frequency or severity. There is nothing we [talked]. I think in general we would say that we have been more conservative in our claims reserving for a number of years having found ourselves short in 2001 to a greater extent than we ever anticipated. I think that embedded in our claims process is a much higher level of conservatism which continues and redundancies continue to develop and the fact is there is nothing that causes us to see inflation trends or anything else thats directionally changing where claims are going we are pretty benign. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Vinay Misquith from Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse:  On the margin for the business, the [accident] in your loss ratio extent seems to be slightly better than the fourth quarter and significantly better than 2009. Could you help us understand whats driving the improvement? Is it business mix or is it your view that lost core strength are not as high as you had anticipated originally?
William Berkley:  I think that its a couple of things, I think there is some change in the business mix as Gene mentioned for instance in the re-insurance area. Our expense ratio went up because we wrote some property business, non-cat related property business that we knew ahead of time or to have a lower loss ratio with a higher expense ratio. So that accounted for part of it. I think another piece of it was we recognized that we will probably more conservative than we should have been in establishing our loss to extend a number of areas and we are trying to get a more precise handle as we look at it line-by-line. And I think that finally, some of the areas of business have proved to be more positive results than we expected.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse:  Thats great. And the third question is your exposure towards the Transocean rig if you could just give us a sense of what do you have any re-insurance on that and what your exposure would be? 
William Berkley:  The long and short of it our net including everything, including re-instatement premium was something just low $5 million. And we in fact will probably pay that claim this week and it was well within what we expect thats the business we have anticipated loss ratio and its well within the numbers we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: I was curious about the composition of the favorable development by acts in euro lines and if you can give any color to that?
William Berkley: You know we dont talk about that, on the phone you are welcome to talk to Gene.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay, lets talk about the industry in terms of a 100% for the quality players, a 110% for the industry usually I think of the market risk property versus casualty running at a higher combined. Are you just talking about lines that you are participating in or the industry broadly speaking?
William Berkley: Josh, I think what we are referring to is commercial lines ex-property cat.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and is property running around the same as casualties.
William Berkley: Well. I think what we are doing is we are looking at commercial lines in the aggregate ex-property cat we are not at this stage looking to have break it out the casualty or the property or the CMP versus it so thats I think thats a general view when we do our homework as to where we think the industry is running.
Josh Shanker - Deutsche Bank: Okay very good. And finally you spoke in the first conference call about potentially a 15% ROE for the year do you still think thats achievable?
William Berkley: Yes. Its a really simple thing by the way, if you would take out our unforeseen storm losses, our net income would have given us about a 14.8% return as of 13.5 net income, I know if that wasnt talked about operating income. I talked about net income because weve moved our gains and a fair portion of that to where its not in our operating income. But I still think that we will do that. Yeah. 
Operator:
(Operator Instructions):
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney:  Rob you highlighted on the re-insurance side having partners and then dealing with arbitragers and I am just curious. Are you seeing anything unusual in that breakdown seg.
Robert Berkley:  No, I think quite frankly you know just to make sure that we are on the same pace what I suggested, certainly meant to suggest are there are two types of partners, those that are opportunistic and want to use as one of its convenience for them. And those that are truly our partners throughout the cycle. And as far as the split between the two, obviously in a challenging market. Those that are opportunistic were not able to find ways to do as much as with them as we came in a hard market. Those that are truly our partners throughout the cycle. We value those relationships greatly and we continue on with them through second [sem]. So, I guess to answer your question yes it becomes more waited in a soft market. Towards those that are partners throughout the cycle as opposed to those that are trying [game up].
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney:  Okay, but you are not seeing any of the more of the traditional relational partnerships and moving into to the other camp of trying to game the system?
William Berkley: I think that the answer is in a soft market there is enough pressure for everyone to go around. Having said that we have partners that are built on long-standing relationship, we understand what our role is, we understand what their role, they understand what our role is and there is a mutual understanding that the relationship needs to be rewarding for both parties.  So, is there a bit of fraying around the edges then certainly there is some relationships that we sort of question a little bit here and there. But I would suggest that the core of that group is well intact and we are pleased to have the opportunity to support them and be their partner. 
Unidentified Company Representative : In many ways that relationship is no different than it is doing business with large insurance. We dont write very many if any Fortune 500 companies because they have finance capital and again there is a capital arbitrage. We are happy to write insurance for people who want to buy protection from volatility, protection from loss. We are not interested in writing if you will risk arbitrage in the insurance business because frequently the insured knows more than we do about the frequency or likelihood of loss. 
Larry Greenberg - Langen McAlenney: Bill, I mean if I could summarize your position on the marketplace it sounds like on the one hand you think that the industry is at a 110 accident year and thats clearly an impetus to change pricing. On the other hand there is spectrum, there is still lot of redundancies out there and that probably is going to mute things to some degree.  I mean, can you just elaborate on the issue of redundancies in the industry and maybe youve got some historical perspective on this?
William Berkley:  Why dont we start by saying pricing levels based on our analysis are roughly at the kind of levels they were in 2000. Inflation has driven costs higher than that and investment income is substantially lower than that. So the industry is doing worse. So you have to put that in the context of what were talking about. But the past five years have been extremely profitable years and a number of companies, not even intentionally but almost in spite of themselves have found themselves to be extremely conservative in prior years reserving because business was much better than they anticipated. And as those loss years develop, they are finding redundancies and the redundancies are proving to be far more than they had anticipated. The companies that are in that position are not evenly spread. Companies that reported results in the low to mid 80s are unlikely to have great redundancies. Companies that reported high 80s, low 90s are likely to have more redundancies than companies that reported somewhat higher results will probably continue to have redundancies. So all companies are not going to be created equal with the amount of redundancies they have to bring down, and it varies by lines of business, the shorter the power lines of business, the less redundancy or likely to have because they will have a merged more quickly. So companies that are like private passenger automobile are not going to continue to have big redundancies in all likelihood. Companies that have property business are not going to have accumulated big redundancies, its going to sort of washout catastrophe business, where they have shown great results virtually immediately after you didnt have many cats. Companies that had significant casualty business will have longer or at least a possibility of longer tail and accumulated longer redundancies that will take time to be released. So its going to be different for every company but the third in the cycle is going to come about when people start to recognize the reality of where pricing is and that they need to do it and do something about it. And you know we are running at a 97 - 99 or a 100 I cant tell you, but I can tell you that our current action year is not great and while as compared to the world, we are doing alright, we are not where we want to be and historically if youd look at our chart we do 8  10 points better than our better competitors and more than 10 points better than the industry as a whole. So, well have to see how that comes out and when do people major players starts to say we cant live with prices at this level. But to make that decision you have to be willing to lose business. And thats a hard thing for an insurance company executive to say, that we are prepared to have our insurance volumes go down and either fire people or have a bad expense ratio. So its that state of mind that the long term pain of more loses is something I just cant do with, and when Rob talked about terms and conditions. Frequently changing terms and conditions changes how quickly losses get reported. Because you had coverages that allow people to report things that otherwise might not be reported. So it accelerates the reporting and thus reduces the tail on specialty business. So thats the best I can do to tell you that we are bunch of irrational people with a huge marketplace that respond to our emotions more than the economic reality.
Operator: 
(Operator Instructions). : 
William Berkley:  Okay, I thank you all very much. There are lots of signs that there are people who are recognizing this issue as they start to see things happening that surprise them. I would expect our prognostications timing is not going to be off much if its off that will be by a little, but we still anticipate the fourth quarter, people will start to look at those changes and react. So, thank you all very much. Have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays program, you may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - Chairman and CEO Gene Ballard - SVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citi Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse Brian Meredith - UBS Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation first quarter 2009 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions). The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2008 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. William. R. Berkley. Please go ahead sir.
William Berkley: Good morning. It was a quarter that reflected pretty much what we expected to happen. The good news actually is, it seems pricing is changing a bit more quickly than we anticipated. Those of you who follow our comments, we expected the market to turn in the fourth quarter of this year, the first quarter of next year and in fact pricing seems to be changing a bit more quickly. We are starting to see pricing by the end of the first quarter, there were a number of lines that pricing started to move upward. We certainly are a long way from where we think pricing needs to be, but there is positive momentum. It's clearly being somewhat restrained by the economy in certain areas but overall much more positive trends sooner than we anticipated. The pressure of people being conscious of wanting to buy insurance from people who they are sure will be there is becoming a theme that's a constant and serious agents and brokers who are worried about their best use of their expertise are warning their customers that it's an issue you have to be conscious of and it's not necessarily closing people to leave where they were but it's at least raising the bar, and people are worried. As that's going on, we're seeing a better show of business, somewhat offset by greater declines due to the economy in construction and commercial transportation, which are two very large lines of business in our industry. Overall those two lines and some moderation in order premiums from workers' compensation bring about really a decline in volume and a number of companies going out of business. So while pricing was down only about 1.5% and in fact, by the time we got to the end of the quarter, pricing was better than that reflected for the quarter. Our loss of business reflected more competitive environment and people going out of business. We are quite enthusiastic. I think that if you look at the first chart that we put out, which was market drivers, it's on our website. If you didn't see it, you can get it on our website, which shows the property casualty industry and the corner stone of market drivers, which is the US property casualty insurance industry return on capital and the change in policy over the surplus. You can see that 2008, in fact, reflected exactly what we are talking about. And my expectation is there will be further declines in 2009, which has historically been the bottoming out of the industry cycle. We see nothing on the horizon to change our view. We are more confident than ever that the cycle is turning. The big issue is how sharply it will turn upward in pricing. That will be impacted by the economy somewhat. Pricing is going to move up. It's going to move up to the adequate levels. But I think that, the question is, will we get fabulous returns or just very good returns. I think that if you're to believe that the current view that the economy is bottoming out and we'll start to see at least a stop of the decline and moderate improvement, not a V bottom but a moderately improving economy to flat. We'll get substantial improvement in the pricing trends, because people will be more conscious of being sure their insurance can perform. If you look at the second chart, which shows our own pricing trends, you can see that pricing is now back about where it was in 2006. We think that pricing probably by the third quarter, but certainly by the fourth quarter will be in the positive area. It could happen in the second quarter, as I said, pricings improved more quickly than we thought and March was substantially better than January and February. So we're optimistic for modest improvement in pricing, and while this is not going to be a dramatic thing, it's going to be of significant impact as we get to the end of the year. Remembering that it takes five quarters before newly written premium is impacted in the reported results. So right now, we're really reporting mainly from that much lower area in 2008. So you're not going to see these improvements from this quarter and subsequent quarters of any consequence till we get to the fourth quarter of this year, the first and second quarter of next year. So that will be when it impacts our earned premium. Several people over the year, if you look at the next slide, had asked where did I come up with the idea that we're going to get to our 15% return? We just put this chart in to try to demonstrate, where and how we get there and that is taking out, what we think of these unusual losses that do get charged to our income statement. They would always been reflective on our book value, but the various rules now make them charged to our income statement. So, that gets you there, but we then need to make up what we didn't earn in the first quarter. We think we will do it by changing our portfolio mix. Right now, our duration is slightly more than three years, and the duration of our liabilities, excluding our own debt, is somewhat more than four years, including our debt is more than four and a half years. So, we expect to bring our liabilities, inline with our portfolio. Our portfolio inline with our liabilities, and extend with bond portfolio from slightly more than three years to just around four years, maybe a shy in shade short of four years. We are in much more of a trading mode today than we have been in. That's just a function of more volatility in the marketplace. We are no longer just buying things with the view of longer term holds, so you're likely to see more volatility in our portfolio as far as positions go. So, we will be selling more things and buying more things, trying to take advantage of what's clearly a different portfolio environment. We continue to be quite optimistic. We think, we are well-positioned and we are looking forward to what would be a greatly improved balance of the year. Let me let Gene Ballard now talk a little about our operations.
Gene Ballard: Thank you, Bill. I'll start, as usual, with the underwriting results. First our net premiums written were $1.023 billion, which is down 11.6% from a year ago. As Bill said, the decrease was mostly due to a combination of lower economic activity, particularly for the construction and transportation related businesses and also to a decline in our own new business production. The largest percent decreases were in the reinsurance and specialty segments, where lower exposures resulted in premium declines of 22% and 19% respectively. The increase in international premiums of 35% was due to one reinsurance treaty in Asia that was relatively large, at least in relation to the international segment. The overall combined ratio was 93.7%, that's up 3.3 percentage points from year ago. The loss ratio was up 1.5 percentage points as the impact of price changes and lost cost trends on an earned basis were relatively modest, and the expense ratio was up 1.8 percentage points and that's primarily result of a 13% decline in our earned premium volume. Prior year reserves developed favorably in the quarter by $54 million, that's exactly equal to the amount of favorable developments in the first quarter of '08. This year's favorable development was primarily in the specialty and alternative market segments, which in turn had combined ratios of 93% and 86% respectively. The regional combined ratio was 94% that's including storm losses, which are generally low in the first quarter, as they were this quarter at $9 million, compared with $14 million a year ago. For the reinsurance segment, the combined ratio was 99% and for the international segment, which is still absorbing cost related to the startup operations in Canada and the UK, the combined ratio was just under 102%. Our net loss reserves increased by $29 million in the quarter to $8.15 billion at March 31st. Our loss reserves have consistently increased over the past three years net, even as our earned premiums have declined, since they peaked in the fourth quarter of 2005. Since that quarter, our earned premiums have actually declined by about 20%, while our loss reserves have increased over the same period by 40%. Investment income was unchanged from a year ago at $138 million. In spite of a dramatic reduction in cash returns, the annualized yield on the overall portfolio increased from 4.4% in Q1 of '08 to 4.5% this quarter. The annualized yield on the arbitrage account, which totaled about $400 million at the end of the first quarter, was 12.6% compared to 1.9% in the prior year. Losses from investment funds, which are reported on a one quarter lag, were $115 million, and that includes the losses from real estate and energy funds of $111 million that we had previously announced. The losses for those funds, which are generally attributable to their fair value adjustments, are included in our operating income. Realized losses including other than temporary impairments were $97 million, compared to realized gains of $54 million a year ago. The 2009 impairments were primarily related to debt in preferred stock of three major financial institutions that experienced adverse credit events and ratings downgrades in the quarter. Those securities were carried at fair value at year-end 2008, so most of the decline in their value had already been reflected in our year-end equity. At March 31st, 2009, our net unrealized losses were $81 million before taxes, which is less than 1% of our portfolio, and that's down from $221 million at the beginning of the year. We did not adopt the new FASB rules regarding temporary impairments and fair value measurements that were announced on April 9th of this year. Although those changes will allow for more management discretion in the valuation of certain securities, they will have much less impact on higher quality investments. We plan to adopt the new rules in the second quarter, but we expect them to have little, if any impact on our portfolio. To summarize the quarter, our operating income was $0.25 per share, which is an operating ROE of 5.6% and our book value per share increased 2% to $19.22.
William Berkley: Thank you, Gene. A couple of things that before we go to questions, first of all, this morning Lloyd's approved our new Syndicate 1967, which will commence underwriting June 1st. It will be run by a gentleman named Mike Sibthorpe, who joined us I guess about 10 months ago, and we're quite excited about that. We think it will give us a new international footprint and the opportunity to do additional things using the platform that Lloyd's provides, which is one of those outstanding global platforms that do all kinds of unique and unusual things. So we're pleased and happy about now joining that enterprise as a participant, in a more full and complete way, having had a relationship for many years with Lloyd's, actually going back to the '70s when I had a personal involvement. We also believe that there continued to be outstanding opportunities to find new ventures and new teams of people, which we continue to look at and talk to. As we look ahead into these more complex uncertainties that the current economic environment presents. We have become a bit more cautious, to be sure we understand all of the possible ramifications of new enterprises, not wanting to get too far ahead of ourselves with more start-ups than we can handle. We've started up a number of new ventures last year, we want to not start more than we can be sure to, both fund and take on the operating expenses. The operating expenses are things that we have always felt there are better ways to enter new businesses than buying new businesses. On the other hand, it cost us between $5 million to $10 million a quarter, depending at what point in time in the cycle, in operating losses as we build these businesses up. And better prepare ourselves to have the optimal level of leverage, as the cycle starts to turn and the economy gets better. We think that gives us real opportunities when the cycle turns, but obviously for the past several years, it has cost us substantially. With that, I'm happy to answer any questions. Connie, whenever you're ready, we'll take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll take our first question from Josh Shanker from Citi.
Joshua Shanker - Citi: I'm trying to understand, simplify something in a way that I shouldn't, but you'll correct me I am sure. If I look at the premium volume, net premium written in 1Q '09, the top-line was down 11% and that's compared to being down 8% 1Q '08 compared to 1Q '07. Now in that slide on-page 3 that you put together, which I really appreciate, it shows that premium rates are down, rated down about 1.5% to 2% in 1Q '09 compared to a year ago and back in 1Q '08 it was down 6% compared to the year before that.
William Berkley: Yes.
Joshua Shanker - Citi: The conclusion I would draw is that in 1Q '08 almost all your premium decline was due to rates, and the conclusion that I would draw now is that your premium is declining from things that you can't really control potentially. And I would sort of want to rectify that misunderstanding that I have.
William Berkley: No, you don't have a misunderstanding. It was very insightful and succinct. So why is that happening?
Joshua Shanker - Citi: One might ask.
William Berkley: I think it's happening for a few reasons. First of all, construction is not an insignificant amount of the insurance pot, and in our Specialty area especially our construction business has been adversely impacted. And so that's not only hitting construction but in workers' compensation in California and all that's related to that. In addition, long haul trucking has been hit. So, both of those two areas have been impacted by the economy. And we were just talking, Im not sure we have been nimble enough, but we are getting a lot more nimble, I might add, to respond to those things. But in industries, where there is a special economic pressure, there is also more price pressure. So, for example, in commercial transportation, to survive truckers need to push, especially the marginal truckers, the hardest on pricing, which means we're going to lose more business because they have to buy from the cheapest. So, when you go to talk to a customer about, don't you want to worry about having your claim paid, their answer is, we have to be on the road to have a claim. We can't be on the road without insurance, we'll tell our drivers to drive carefully. It sounds trite, but it isn't trite in these difficult economic times. So, in commercial transportation, you've got people, some fair number of truckers are just, they have to buy the cheapest, not worry about claims or service or any of those things. They have to be out there and buy the cheapest. That's just what they need to do. And so, we've lost a fair amount of business. We in spite of the fact that at least one if not two of commercial transportation competitors have effectively gone out of business. There are still major people, who are writing policies at lower than we would assess is the burning cost. Therefore, we're losing that business and that's not insignificant, and it was particularly true in this first quarter. The construction business was the other place, and there a number of people are just going out of business. So, it's really focused more on those two particular lines of business in the first quarter, Josh, but your assumption is reasonably accurate.
Joshua Shanker - Citi: If two more years of this recession, are we going to see pricing improve, but probably there's going to be a drag on premiums through that recession?
William Berkley: I don't think so. As much as you might, I think that by and large what you're seeing now, in fact if you look at the trucking business, the business has stopped getting worse, there are more truckers that are on the road now. Construction is changing, people, who built lots of houses, are doing renovations and other things. So, the economy is changing, but it's not disappearing. I don't think things continue to get much worse. Clearly, we would have liked to say a price increases by the first quarter of next year would be 15% or 20% and they might only be 8% or 10%, but I think that we would expect people still need to get a return on their invested capital, investment returns are much less certain. So, we think that the cycle changes. One of the things about the economy is the marginal change in economic activity is 1%, 3%, 5%. I think you've already seen those kinds of changes in the industry and if you'd look at those companies that are in difficulty or under a financial stress, they probably represent 25% of the industry's capacity. So, I think just the problem that they have more than will make up for any decline in demand.
Joshua Shanker - Citi: That 8% to 10% up number that youre pointing out for 1Q '10, is that broadly or for trucking and construction that you are suggesting?
William Berkley: No, it's a broad statement that I think that prices are going to slowly start to move up and I think you'll see year-over-year pricing up sort of 8% to 10%, but that's my guesstimate.
Joshua Shanker - Citi: Okay. I appreciate that. On another note, you're the only person, whose is going to talk to me about inflation. Everyone else thinks it's a non-issue. I want you to know, how you think it's going to affect your investment strategy, how you think it will affect your reserves and how you think that your positioning is different than your peers.
William Berkley: You promise it's the last piece of your four-part question.
Joshua Shanker - Citi: Well, no I only had one question, but I will promise to stop. That's it.
William Berkley: Okay. It's good question. I think the answer is that, inflation won't be a factor until we start to come out of economic doldrums, and until you start to have a pickup. Inflation takes place, when people spend money, not when they payoff debt, and not when they save. So, inflation is not of great concern, if you will, in my mind, for the next certainly, couple of years. I think there's going to be lots of pressure, and most people, who I speak to say, we hope there's an inflation problem because then we're out of this problem. I don't think that's, really something people have thought about. We build in inflation into our reserves. We think it's still there. It worries us. It worries us on our longer tail lines of business. We think that for the next three years inflation is not probably a worry, when you start to get out more than that, you do. We're not extending the duration of our portfolio out more than the duration of our portfolio out more than the duration of our liabilities, even though we could get paid a tremendous amount on investment income because of the steep yield curve. I think some of our competitors are making a big bet and going far out on the yield curve. We think that's a really critical question, how much are you going to bet, then you're going to have mark-to-market at least in book value declines and risks. And even now our long-term side of our investments is sort of 10 years and we're not going out 30 and we think a number of people are buying 30-year bonds and they're paying. So we think inflation is a problem. We think it's probably more than three or four years out, but it's definitely out there and people who are making big bets in the bond market on the very long end are taking a risk.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Phillips from Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Bill, probably it might take the most upbeat effort in a while on rates, so it's good to hear. There are still clearly some companies out there that aren't sticking to the guns and it is obviously always the case, but from what you're seeing and from your competitors, any kind of commonalities between the guys that are being still a bit aggressive?
William Berkley: Well, I think that basically the best quality companies are being restrained and are talking about price increases, modest price decreases. I think if you see somebody who's growing a lot then the only answer is that they're cutting prices. I mean, anybody who says they're growing significantly and they're not cutting prices is they have a unique way of calculating. I think that it's the reality. This is a market where there are people who are making decisions that buying business now will put them in an advantageous position when the cycle turns, and historically that has not been the case. Historically, when the market turns, you can get all the business you want. That's the decision that we're facing and we continue to believe there are great opportunities, and we're going to wait. We think the right thing for us to do is, manage our capital, keep doing what we're doing, be opportunistic, we'll use our capital just in time, we have enough capital to grow substantially, and when we get those high returns that will generate substantial internal capacities to grow a lot. So, we think there are a group of companies that I wouldn't discuss by name on a conference call that are very aggressive out there that think having a bigger share of the marketplace is a good thing.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Grasher from Piper Jaffray.
Michael Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Just wanted to ask about the alternative markets business, it was down here in the quarter and a competitor of yours put up some decent numbers in that. Can you speak about that business? What are the trends that you're experiencing in rate versus attachment points?
William Berkley: Well, first of all, it was down modestly, and it was mainly California. It was our preferred employer where prices are very competitive and we think preferred employers is doing great, especially compared to some of the quality names that we view as our competitors. We think we're doing well in our segment of the market, which is not the big employers, we're doing well. I think we're pretty happy with the alternative market. I think that I'm not sure who put up good numbers. This is a business where you could put up any numbers you want for a shorter period of time and if you want to grow a lot, you can put up any numbers for a long period of time. But I think that the business continues to be competitive. A number of people are using self-insurance now as an effective way to do this business. Basically, you could buy excess fairly cheap in a number of areas, so I think people are going into self-insured plans. I think that there's nothing particular about the alternative market, I think the business continues. I think a lot of people are wanting to be sure of the financial viability of the enterprise they're using in the alternative market segment, which is one of the strengths that we present. We're top of the line financial security and I think a lot of people who suddenly said, my gosh biggest banks in the world, the biggest insurance company in the world, the biggest industrial company in the world are all in trouble. We no longer can just sort of say its business as usual, we have to do analytics and people do analytics our companies stand out as outstanding. So, weve not had any particular problems or whatever. It's one of the sections of our business we're quite pleased with.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. So, it sounds like there's been more of a trend to the self-insured. With that, have attachment points risen or gone higher?
William Berkley: Not for us, attachment points. I wouldn't say there's a trend towards self-insurance. I would say self-insurance continues pretty much as it is. I think that risk managers are now being more cognizant of financial security. There's no change in our business as far as attachment points or whatever. Our business is virtually the same as it was for the prior 12 months or 18 months.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to Michael Nannizzi from Oppenheimer.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: I just have a couple questions if I could on the portfolio. So, given where rates are at the short-end, where are you seeing or looking for opportunities to pickup some incremental yield? You mentioned some friction in the portfolio.
William Berkley: I think, well one of the things is, I think are, recognizing no one is perfect in their investment prognostications. We think being a year and a quarter, short of our liability duration is too much. So, we're going to try to increase our max. So, we're going to take probably a significant amount of both our cash and our under two year stuff, and move it out into the, let's just say five to seven year duration.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: Okay.
William Berkley: That's huge, especially in the cash. I mean, we have just short of a billion dollars of cash and we're going to take that out. So, that alone is a big change. Taking that out gives us probably 500 basis points, even keeping with the high quality, we're talking about.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: Got it, and then in terms of the, I know it's not in the portfolio, but the commercial loan book, any change to that book from year-end?
William Berkley: No, not. We had a limit to how much we were going to do. We did that, and that's it. We're not doing anymore. Thats it. We hopefully is there will be one or two pieces that will roll off, but our goal is not to do more.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: Okay. And then just really quickly on if I could, property in the reinsurance group or segment. Can you talk a little bit about property reinsurance pricing and whether that's the split in premiums in that segment is similar to prior periods and profitability in terms of property and casualty?
William Berkley: We do not do a lot of property reinsurance. It's an incidental part of our business.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: Okay.
William Berkley: I think we did $14 million or $15 million in the quarter. Prices are better, modestly better, but I think the market is getting tighter and tighter and for a lot of people there is just no capacity. So, in certain areas of the world all the global capacity is used up and price is virtually a relevant. There is no capacity.
Michael Nannizzi - Oppenheimer: All right, okay. Last question on (inaudible). California, the worker's comp market, California, non-California, can you talk about trends youre seeing there just in the typical rate sensitive market?
William Berkley:  California loss costs are up. Pricing is okay. It's flat generally speaking. You hear about rates filed, but rates filed and rates charge, not always the same thing. It's still fairly competitive marketplace. We are not able to grow much at prices we think there will be profitability. People are out there competing. We are optimistic. We are holding our own and we are picking up a little bit of business here and there, but it's not where we'd like it to be. In small risk, we are still doing okay, but I think that the workers' comp has a line in the aggregate, is one that be impacted by lower business activity. Therefore, you are not seeing audit premiums. I think it's a line of business that's influx at the moment.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vinay Misquith from Credit Suisse.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Bill, how much does pricing need to go up next year for margin to actually expand. You mentioned 8% to 10%. We are just curious looking at loss cost trends. What do you think is the breakeven point for margin to expand?
William Berkley: In loss cost trends are very low. I mean, were talking about the only loss cost trends that are really adverse the moment of medical cost of consequence. So, if you said 8% to 10%, 80% of that would go to profitability at this point in time.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: So, you are expecting margins to expand next year should pricing increase and therefore would you be able to write absolutely more dollars. Are you holding back writing new business because of pricing right now?
William Berkley: The answer is we are not holding back, it's the customers holding back. It's they don't see the light of how better facilities to do business with us, by paying us a higher price. The answer is, our business is quoted at a price and people make a decision to do business with us at that price or not and our price builds in a return. So clearly we are not getting all the business we'd like, and we have the capacity to write a lot more business.
Vinay Misquith - Credit Suisse: Fair enough. And the new teams that you've hired recently. If you can give us an update on how they are doing and how you expect them to do in the future, because I believe in your press release you mentioned 2010?
William Berkley: Yes. I think it takes a cycle for them to be in business and many of them we hired in the fourth quarter of last year. It took time to get up and running while some of them are up and running. It certainly won't be till the end of this year to restart to really get those in operation and consequence, but I think that certainly in the aggregate the contribution will be substantial in 2010, certainly measure in 100s of millions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). We'll go next to Brian Meredith from UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Couple of quick questions. First of all, is it possible to quantify or get the sense of what the impact of the audit premiums were in the quarter and what segments does it hit?
William Berkley: No. We don't get it actually. First of all, even if we did get a report it would be three months from now before we got it reported that way and we actually don't get audit premiums reported, we could pull it off the general ledger but it comes in, people do audits once a year for companies, so it doesn't sort of come in like.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay, so it doesn't have a disproportionate impact naturally in the first quarter?
William Berkley: No.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay, thank you. And then the second question. In case talk about terms and conditions out there and then I didn't add on to that. Are you still seeing the standards carriers trying to write more E&S business or if they kind of pull back?
William Berkley: The standard carriers are writing E&S business at standard rates, without what we would say are appropriate terms and conditions. We even have seen, company go in and write construction business without excluding prior act, which is sort of unheard of. We felt, we would just send them, a list of claims and we would deny coverage. But, for terms and conditions and as far as our E&S companies and most good E&S companies, terms and conditions have not changed a lot. Terms and conditions have stayed the same and I will think you will find most of good E&S companies have said not to change those things in a consequential way, there are always exceptions. For the most part, that's the occasion and the E&S market is being inundated by standard market companies, who suddenly have decided they know how to write business that they continually loose money on. The only question is how long it takes to have a loss.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great and then the last question Bill. Availability of reinsurance, how much of an impact is that, can have on your kind of willingness to grow in and some of these new lines of business and had you been able to secure it already?
William Berkley: So far, we have all the reinsurance we need. We have not had any problem with obtaining reinsurance support that we have needed. We probably have changed our retentions a little bit but for the world it's insignificant, whereas probably our regional business retentions maybe a $1 million or $2 million, we may have a retention in one or two of these new lines of business $2.5 million maybe even on occasions $5 million, but we have reinsurance, everything above that. So we've had no problems so far.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Heleniak from RBC Capital Market.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: The first is one the Lloyd Syndicate. I just wondered if you could comment on what the business mix might look like and how much of that might be non-US and then how many personnel do you have in place or you're going to have in place to launch this.
William Berkley: It's property and action business will be our first two lines of business and while we are looking at some other things we have. I think we have five or six people already, we have several senior underwriters, we just came out with a press release about 15 minutes ago.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Okay. You said June 1st, that you'll be surveying about this?
William Berkley: We will be writing business effective June 1st. Yes
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Okay. And then other question I had was the, do you have the investment fund values at the end of the March quarter? And how much does that pertain to real estate?
Gene Ballard: The real estate and energy fund that I referred to is a little more over $200 million.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: They were $200 million.
William Berkley: I think that's the real estate and energy both together.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Market: Right, Okay. And on the real estate is that pretty much all commercial related, is that any of that residential or that all commercial?
William Berkley: By the way, a piece of that is, things bought more recently in a fund that was there. It's not all old things, some of that is bought very recently, but in a fund that was an existence. Okay.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions in the queue. I'd like to turn the conference back to your presenters' for any additional or closing comments.
William Berkley: I think that the only thing I'd like to add is that we do continue to be optimist. Our view is unchanged from, where it's has been and that is. We anticipate the earned premiums starting to look better by the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year with pricing starting to get better, in a more material way each subsequent quarter. We are quite optimistic there and when we continue to feel that we will achieve our return goals. Thank you all very much. Have a great day. Enjoy the sunshine.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  William Berkley  President & CEO Gene Ballard  SVP & CFO
Analysts:  Dan Johnson  Citadel  Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Jay Cohen  Banc of America Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse  Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney 
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions)  The speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects, or estimates.  We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates, or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results.  W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation or expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. William R. Berkley; please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley : Good morning, it would seem the appropriate comment, these are the best of times, the worst of times. When I look at our numbers, at first glance, it was upsetting to me to consider that is all part of our investment portfolio would have such an impact onto what I think was really a pretty terrific year. We were really pleased with our operating results, with the discipline of our underwriters and where we stand in the market. We are especially excited about all of the new ventures that we have started and how we have expanded and positioned ourselves going forward. On the other hand, roughly $300 million of our portfolio cost us tremendous amount in our investment income and other than temporary impairment that one investment made our results look even worse. The good news is, even if they go to zero, it won't have a material impact on our financial statements. The bad news is you don't feel very good, when you don't report great results. We are excited about where things are, we are excited for several reasons, and that's the dilemma you feel when you look at those results. Why are we excited? Number one, the biggest player in the industry, AIG, is at best in a difficult position and at worst, we don't know where it's going to be. They have been very aggressive in their pricing, which is what we anticipated and we expect that will continue because they're trying to hold their market position, when their future is unknown. At least three or four other major players have questions about their own capacity to be aggressive competitors and in some cases these people are out there pricing their products at losses. That only he can continue for so long. If you look at history, whenever the industry as a whole has an operating loss, which is where we think we are in 2009, prices change, things turn around and we are beginning to see that in a number of places. A huge percentage of the industry capacity, we would say 25% of the industry capacity and probably 30% plus of the specialty capacity is in uncertain financial position. We believe that it will lead to the change in prices we anticipate combined with the current state of affairs that there is no capital rushing into the business. In addition to strong dollar in the US represents roughly half of all the worlds property casualty business has made an external capital sources less able to come in and provide capacity here and that capacity is more limited. So, putting that overall, we think the business is going to be much much better by the end of the year. We think the first half of the year will be quite difficult and competitive and later on in the year we think things will change substantially with dramatic changes by the fourth quarter of 2009 in the first quarter of 2010. For Berkley Corporation, we think our underwriting profitability will remain roughly constant. We've been very conservative in the numbers we've booked. We think we'll be able to continue to book the numbers that probably are reflective of the current state of affairs going forward for this year. We've been cautious, because we've been concerned with inflation. One of the consequences of deficit spending historically has been inflation in the long run. The balance between looking at those risks of inflation and the current state of affairs where people are more concerned with deflation are the balance we have to set for our reserves. So, our caution has [aired] towards the worried about inflation. We think at this moment, we may have been slightly too pessimistic about inflation and as we review that we'll consider where we go from there. We continue to see opportunities that will allow us to take advantage of other companys problems as we add teams of people. We've added a number of teams of people in expanding our Berkley asset protection, fin secure Berkley underwriting managers of Canada, our professional liability business and offshore underwriting managers. We have several other things, we're currently looking at and we think that will be able to add some other outstanding teams of people. For us, we probably have to get through a bit more of these difficult investment times, however, we are quite optimistic and very confident that we'll meet or exceed our 15% targeted after-tax return for 2009 and certainly we expect by the end of 2009 and we have a rate thats significantly higher than that. With that, let me a Gene talk of the about our financials, and then I'll come back and answer questions.
Gene Ballard : Thank you William, a the start as usual this morning with underwriting results and then go through some of the details on our investments and investment income, but first, with regard to underwriting, our results were quite good in the quarter, and generally in line with our expectations. Our combined ratio was 92.6%, which is an increase of about four percentage points from a year ago. The expense ratio was up two percentage points to 31.6, most of that as a result of an 11% decline in earned premiums. Our loss ratio was also up two points to 61.0. We had favorable reserve development of $41 million in the quarter, and that represents four points on the combined ratio. It gives us an [accident] combined ratio, that is a combined ratio excluding reserve releases of 96.6% for the quarter. And William touched upon this, but when you look at accident year combined ratios and loss ratios, reported by a number of other companies this quarter, it does look like our loss picks might be a bit conservative. As you know, I say that because initial accident year loss picks are normally based on loss ratios from the last couple of years, which are then adjusted for price changes and expected loss cost trends. For us the 2008 loss picks are actually five to six points higher than our current estimate of the 2007 accident year loss ratio and that is quite a bit wider than we are seeing from a number of other companies. We think you do need to be cautious in setting these initial loss picks, especially at this point in the other earnings cycle and with the risk inflation that William talked about earlier. Moving on to other underwriting areas, weather related losses were light in the fourth quarter, as they usually are at $6 million. That compares with $3 million a year ago and we had no development on Hurricane Ike or the other storms from the third quarter. Our combined ratios by segment for the quarter were 90% for specialty and alternative markets, 95% for regional, 96% for reinsurance, and 98% for international. The international combined ratio by the way was impacted somewhat by the lag in earned premium for our new company in Australia. For the full year, our net loss reserves were up 4% to $8.1 billion that in spite of earned premiums being lower by 8% and or prior year reserve releases for the year were $196 million. With respect to insurance revenues our net premiums written, were $888 million for the quarter, down 16% from a year ago. The decline was mostly from the reinsurance segment, which was off 35% and from our excess and surplus lines business which was off 20%. Companies that began writing business in 2007 and 2008 wrote just under $100 million in 2008 and companies that began operations in 2006 wrote another $150 million. Now with regard to investments our overall investment income was $114 million, down significantly from $166 million a year ago. Most of that decline is due to a loss of $11 million for the Arbitrage trading account and to a decline in dividend income on equity securities. The trading account loss is comprised of a $15 million loss for two externally managed funds that were partially offset by a $4 million profit on our own fund. Interest on fixed income securities which represents 92% of our portfolio was down 7% primarily as a result of short-term rates, lower short-term rates. The annualized return on the fixed income securities was 4.5% this year, compared to 4.7% a year ago, and the overall duration is now 3.1 years. We also reported a loss of $32 million from investment funds that are now broken out separately on the income statement. This represents our share of losses reported by investment funds under the equity method of accounting. Since many of these funds [fall] fair value accounting our share of their losses, includes our share of their mark to market write-downs in the quarter. Realized investment losses, including other than temporary impairments were $109 million in the fourth quarter. Most of that is related as William mentioned to the write-down of a publicly traded common stock that we've owned since 2002 and that went into an unrealized loss position in June of 2008. That unrealized loss increased significantly in the fourth quarter, and the investment was determined to be other than temporary impairment and we wrote it down to its market value at year-end.  Net unrealized investment losses after tax were $142 million at year-end, which represents just 2% of our total portfolio, and that's an improvement in the quarter in the net unrealized loss position of $12 million. At December 31, 2008 our book value per share was $18.87 in that compares with $19.80 reported at the end of 2007 and all of that decline is the result of capital transactions. Dividends were $0.23 per share in the impact of share buybacks at prices slightly higher than book value was another $0.89 per share. One more item I want to note is that we did restate our 2007 that book value upward by $.12 per share, that's to reflect the change in accounting for cash distributions that we received from a real estate investment in excess of our cost basis. This is an accounting issue, that William has pointed to in the past, in December 2008 the SEC expressed a view similar to our on that gained recognition could be applied for this type of transaction. So, we did make that change and the effect of the restatement was to increase realized gains in 2007 by $35 million and to increase net income per share and book value per share at the end of 2007 by $0.12.  Lastly and most importantly I think is that even with all this market turmoil this quarter. We were still able to deliver an operating ROE of 11.5% in the fourth quarter and 14.3% for the full year.
William Berkley : Thank you Gene, I think that there are a couple of things that I'd like to just be sure I got in before anyone got a chance to ask questions. Number one in the current environment, if you're trying to be conservative and you tell your accountants you want to be conservative, the mark to market issues are really interesting and that is. We come to mark our securities to market and then the accountants do an independent mark to market. They check and compare a list out of our entire portfolio that were maybe 100 odd things that were different, 35 of which may have been of some consequence different and then what ends up happening, you basically take whoever's position is lower. You do that, because it's not worth the arguments, and there may be one or two arguments, where you disagree, but for the most part. We would come up with a value of 49 and they would come back with a value of 24, and they agreed it should be 24. We would come up with a value of 65, they would come up with a value of 95, they would agree we were right it should be 65. So because of that we think we have quite a conservative mark to market portfolio. There are all kinds of issues that that creates, but we feel like being cautious and conservative is a better approach. We certainly unlike any other downturn in the market, we don't see an answer. We don't see a change, so being cautious and conservative we think is the right approach. There are a number of things that are not here and there are a number of things that accounting creates. We still have what we would guess is several hundred million dollars of unrecorded real estate gains. The gain that was reported was where we got cash it was unconditional cash, we never had to give it back, and we had no liability for it. So finally the SEC decided that was a correct valuation method. However, there are still a number of pieces of real estate that even in today's depressed market have substantial gains, which aren't on the balance sheet and there are a number of pieces in our private equity portfolio, small as they may be that have gains but you don't get to mark those up quite the same way either. So we think we continue to have quite a conservative balance sheet. You will note, while we have shrunk our business for the past couple of years our reserves have continued to go up in spite of the fact that they have developed redundant for the past few years, so we think those reserves give substantial strength and credibility for our balance sheet even if you're a pessimist on inflation going forward. So, very optimistic that we'll meet or exceed our 15% targeted return this year and certainly we expect to exceed it by the end of the year and that the cycle due to capacity, capital markets, competitors problems, and international currency will give us quite the unique turn in the cycle as we get towards the end of the year. With that we will take questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Dan Johnson  Citadel 
Dan Johnson  Citadel : Can you talk about, you mentioned the conservative marks, can you talk about where the munis were marked at the end of the year?
William Berkley : They were marked to wherever the market value was. There was very little difference in our market or KPMGs market.
Gene Ballard : Our muni portfolio is all level 1.
William Berkley : It's all very totally marketable stuff and very high rated.
Dan Johnson  Citadel : So are we talking sort of upper 90s, lower 90s?
William Berkley : We mark each security to market. I can't give you an answer to that.
Dan Johnson  Citadel : Do you have the paids for the quarter?
Gene Ballard : The losses were 685.3.
Dan Johnson  Citadel : Just to comment on the ROE, just to set it to you look at that on an average or on a beginning basis?
William Berkley : We do it on a beginning basis. Some years like this year, it didn't work it so well.
Dan Johnson  Citadel : and if we're counting on pricing to realistically look like a later in the year event and just given the sort of lag between when you write something and when you earn it, if pricing improves a later in the year, why would ROEs sort of move up concurrently, or are you talking about, as it's being written as opposed to being earned.
William Berkley : First of all, I think we said we expect our combined ratio to be reflective of this. I think we're expecting that the investment portfolio will be impacted as in the fourth quarter in the first quarter this year and we think those issues will be disappearing as we get into the year, because you can't mark things down less than zero.
Dan Johnson  Citadel : Okay, so that's more, the ROE is more of an investment comment in the short term than a pricing comment?
William Berkley : Yes sir. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Do you have the same expectations for the timing of any turn in reinsurance as you do on the primary side?
William Berkley : Actually, we think reinsurance is going to turn sooner. We think that there is capacity constraints. Reinsurance pricing was down less than 5% in January for our business and we think that reinsurance pricing is going to start to get better on the 401 renewals. So, in fact, we think our reinsurance is going to get better sooner than we are optimistic about that business.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Within alternative a risk transfer is there any way of breaking out the impact from rates versus the impact from lower exposure units?
William Berkley : First of all that's a mixture of businesses on Workers Compensation that has to be looked at in sort of two pieces. Part of it is fee business, and part of it is just simply Workers Compensation. I think that our prices are down a little bit, but I think that we would say prices are down probably again less than 5% and in January in fact that prices are down substantially less. We would estimate prices are flat to down 2.5%. We think that that it's the best information I can give you. And obviously I can only measure that based on renewal prices.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: I understand the [Nemi] transaction didn't work out for various reasons, are there a lots of distressed sellers as opposed to distressed competitors out there now?
William Berkley : I think you have to look at the market in several ways. First of all you have distressed enterprises, some of whom know they are distressed and some of whom don't know there are distressed. You have to try and figure out what they are and they have to figure out what they are, because some of the distressed competitors are in denial. Then you have distressed competitors, because they simply have capital problems for example, because with half of the world in dollars and the dollar being so much stronger you have some overseas participants who have currency issues that they didn't face before, as well as when you combine that with portfolio declines their cushions that they left are not adequate.  And then you have teams of people at those places that see the problem where the management doesn't and then you have a number of small to middle size companies that are distressed and trying to downplay it and come out of the woodwork and we chat with and then some who just don't know what their future is and who are worried about where they are going to go and what they are going to do. In the case of [Nemi] we thought it was a great opportunity, they were owned by an Icelandic company and we thought it was a great opportunity. We were sorry that we were unable to get together as you may have seen, and the people who came after us were also unable to get together. The problem with acquiring insurance companies, which is why we has to, why we choose to start them, is that someone has to be there to represents and warranty the liabilities that you are assuming and that always creates uncertainty and concern. We have always viewed that risk as to be something that we weren't willing to take without confidence that somebody would be there to perform. That is frequently the problem with all of the acquisitions that are out there. So I think that you have to be confident of that. The biggest problem, these smaller companies have is, how can you be confident of their liabilities and very frankly, its some of the larger companies that are trying to sell pieces or sell themselves have that same issue. How do you ensure their liabilities are going to be paid for.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen  Banc of America 
Jay Cohen  Banc of America:  What role the currency play as far as the premium growth, certainly on the international side?
Gene Ballard : It's not that significant. I think our decline in premiums overall, would have been better by a point if you adjusted for currency changes.
Jay Cohen  Banc of America: It looks like there were some unrealized gains in the quarter, can you quantify that.
William Berkley : You may be thinking about the issue on, we made comments that they SEC came out in favor of us being able to have an accounting restatement on our real estate that we refinanced and that accounted for somewhat of a gain and increase in book value.
Gene Ballard : The other thing I mentioned was that the net unrealized loss position improved by $12 million. So there was a decline in the unrealized loss position, but that's not an unrealized gain.
William Berkley : The unrealized loss declined also.
Jay Cohen  Banc of America: So the first quarter it was apparent that the investment funds will continue to have a negative impact, given that it's reported on a lag, do you have any sense of what that could be?
William Berkley : When I commented on earlier is that we expect for the year to do at least our 15% targeted return. It will have, our results will be substantially better than that in the latter half of the year. We don't have a significant number that we can say with definition, but it'll be there, it'll be in the first quarter. If we knew exact numbers, we probably would have discussed the accounts putting it in, we just don't have exact numbers. The reason we are trying to be as accurate as we can is we've looked at what we is one is the worst-case and said how are we going to do for the year and try to get people some guidance for the year. So no one would be particularly concerned about it, but we don't have an exact number and obviously whenever you put a number up for a short period of time, it tends to be more precise. We think it will be there, and it will probably be in the first quarter, may have a little drag the second quarter, but not consequential. We are very confident. Even looking at it from as pessimistic a point of view as we can at the moment and taking a view that we will probably meet or exceed our 15% targeted return and certainly we expect to exceed it by the fourth quarter.
Jay Cohen  Banc of America: Are there any lines of business, where you are seeing price increases at this point?
William Berkley : We are seeing in several places. I think that I'd like not to go into them, because I'm not anxious to attract new competitors. But yes, we have probably three or four lines of business, where we actually have seen price increases at the end of the fourth quarter and the beginning of this quarter. There are a couple of areas where clearly the most competitive long-haul trucking and contractors business have gotten more competitive as volume is down a lot as we use our disciplined underwriting approach, we have lost a lot of volume.  Commercial transportation is one of those most interesting lines, because it's the line that has relatively big volume, it was down the first, and it was the first to turn in October of 2000, prices went up 30%, and it was the leading change in prices going back up. I might add, when they went up 30%, they were still in adequate. But it was one of the leading changes and its leading us down. And it's why are volume is down so much in that area and construction, everybody knows construction has dramatically slowed down and some people are cutting price, which we are not doing, a significant reason that our volume is down in a couple of areas. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse 
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse : How much of top line do you think you could generate from the new segments, and especially from the new people you hired in 2008 and 2009?
William Berkley : I don't think I can tell you the answer to that, because we don't tell them how much business they are supposed to do. I would tell you that when they were at their prior employers, they accounted for something over $1 billion of business, but we are writing with tighter parameters, lower targeted loss ratios. So we are not going to have anything approaching that but we expect that by 2010, they'll be significant business for us.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse : In terms of the sheer repurchases, if I read the numbers correctly, I think you did a small amount of that this quarter, maybe around 700,000. Just curious about your view on share repurchases, and you are capital and growth opportunities in 2009.
William Berkley : We bought back one million shares of stock in the fourth quarter at about $18.50 per share, at a price thats book value or less. We probably consider it, because we think that thats an aberration. If you look at the history of the company, there have been a very short term opportunities to buy the stock at that kind of price and we think we will generate capital. And we always have had opportunities to raise capital, publicly or privately at premiums to book value. So if there is a short-term aberration that's great. We don't think we are going to grow tremendously, next year or this year in 2009.  We think we will grow, but not tremendously. So given that we think we have adequate to more than adequate capital. So if the opportunity came about we would consider it. But that's a decision you make at the moment and look at everything else. Most of the things we've seen that are of quality that we would be interested in, we can't buy at particularly attractive prices.
Vinay Misquith  Credit Suisse : On the margin, you have been pretty conservative, 2008 versus 2007, taking up at your loss ratio by about five points, do you think that 2009 you would not need to do that just because you have been a more conservative and therefore margins should be flatter then 2009 versus 2008, even though pricing has been coming down in 2008.
William Berkley : We think that we have probably been, what we do is we look at our pricing and we look at inflation and we look at the cushions that always anticipated inflation. So we think for the past three or four years. We have probably anticipated too high a rate of inflation in our pricing models. And that's the issue that we are going to have to sit and talk about, and it's first on our list. We have a group of people here led by the huge number of actuaries, in fact, excessive number of actuaries, that we have that we are talking about that number. Because I think that one of the things that happens is our volume is down by say around numbers 20%, and our reserves are up by 20% during that same period of time. That is a discontinuity that you look at and you measure your reserves, and you measure, I think we want to be conservative, but we don't want to be stupid. And my concern is that as we look at this we may be getting to be more cautious then is appropriate in setting our accident your reserves, because it builds on each other. Each year, you are a little cautious, and then you get cautious the next year, so you are more than making up for that shortfall. So we are going to try and look at that, I don't have an answer for you, but I would say that I think we probably have been more cautious than even a cautious balance sheet would find appropriate. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney 
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney:  On inflationary trends, can you say that you are actually seeing [inaudible] loss growth or other metrics you look at with reserving coming in lower than you are thinking or are you kind of taking a more macro view of the economy.
William Berkley : I would say that we are, our paid losses are coming in slightly better than we thought, but they are not trending in the same direction of it as our reserves, so it's not, the reserving process is the case basis, and then bulk reserves, and then IBNR, all of which anticipate where you are going and what I am really trying to say is we tried to build in what we see is the directly trends of inflation and loss settlement and at this moment we think that those directional trends have not been as severe as we anticipated when we set our aggregate reserves by company.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Want order of magnitude might we be talking about, high single digits to a low single digits, is there any
William Berkley : You see, you could have saved your self the worry, because she knew I was not going to answer it anyway.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: I assume that the new line in the income statement for the investment funds, that's just comparable to what you had in the Q and prior periods for partnerships and affiliates?
Gene Ballard : Exactly. 
William Berkley : It really is just funds basically.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: Have you done anything to reposition the investment portfolio in any way?
William Berkley : We cut in half our exposure to one, we've moved out of some but basically it's a small piece of our portfolio. It's really $300 million-odd, so it comes about because of two funds that were fundamentally invested in the leverage real estate and one fund that had oil, oil prices and the reserves and all of that get marked to market. Our general, generally speaking, our loyal enterprises produce oil at around $18 a barrel so it's profitable, even at this level and we never marked it up to $147. But we did market up above the current prices, I think we marked it up to about $60 or $70, and now we had to mark it down some. So that's one and then the other two particular assets were leveraged real estate and we don't know what happened there. They are marked to market.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: But even beyond this stuff just in terms of equities and bonds, any changes in the mix there?
William Berkley : No, but I think we have, we never had particular exposure there. I think we have the quality of our portfolio is up a little bit, the duration is down a little bit. We have a high quality mortgage portfolio that's getting repaid, at least it was for a short time, when you could refinance it, less than 5%, it's starting to get refinanced out very quickly and then
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney: And you still had some equity in what ever you owned.
William Berkley : In those direct [words] they were 2004, 2003 , 2005 and they were par mortgages, they were no issue there. They were trading at par, and there was no issue. 
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Dan Johnson  Citadel
Dan Johnson  Citadel: Can you run through the positive or adverse development, and then on the paids, the paid due incurred, it looks like about 110%, if that number is right, can you just break out some unusual items if there are any.
Gene Ballard : We had hurricane losses in excess of $100 million for the third quarter and a fair amount of that is going to be coming through the fourth quarter. But your number is close, we have 108%.
William Berkley : But it was mainly hurricane losses that got paid in the fourth quarter.
Dan Johnson  Citadel: And then on the development?
William Berkley : We generally don't do that on the call if you would like to talk to Gene, please give him a call. 
Operator: Your next question comes is a follow-up the line of Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus 
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  If you are concerned about inflation in the longer term, is there anything in that you can do in terms of speeding up claims settlement?
William Berkley : We in fact have done that. We have gotten a process to do that. We are out there actively, it is one of the things that made us recognize the issue of our reserve settlement. We have at almost all of our companies, we have processes to move our claim settlements further along and we set up various panels and other things to try to settle claims, go to various locales, meet with lawyers, try to get things settled and we've had extremely good results. So, in fact, we are doing that.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: I guess a piece of conventional wisdom is that insureds in general are looking to diversify counterparty credit risk by using multiple insurers, are you seeing any of that?
William Berkley : We don't write jumbo risks for the most part. We are the beneficiary in some of our lines of business, where some of those various uncertain and troubled insurers have big [inaudible] slips and we are getting bigger participation. We are the tortoise, slow and steady and we are now being recognized for being there for a long time with steady [ratings] and consistent performance and we are getting offer participations now in a lot of things. And we are trying to position ourselves as a good alternative. I think that it's happening and I think it is probably going to happen more, especially on what I would call the large medium-size company risks, not the jumbo risks. But where people buy insurance as an option, but where people buy insurance that they need, but they don't want to be too concentrated in any one company. I think that several of the companies that would be on the uncertain list are in that category. So I think that will inure to our benefit. And in fact, it is inuring to our benefit would be more appropriate to say.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Do you see any investment opportunities outside of insurance that you consider to be attractive or are you going to be focusing whatever excess cash you have now within insurance.
William Berkley : We really don't expect to do anything of any consequence outside of insurance. We think that the property casualty business is going to offer us a fabulous returns over the next three years. I can't imagine anything that's going to offer us better returns. Are there, little bits of the property casualty business that we are not in and that we might like to go in? Yes, but we don't, we think that we are going to become a lot larger companies over the next three to five years and we think that there are just enormous opportunities. We don't think we have to look astray. 
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time; I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing comments. 
William Berkley : First thank you for listening. We believe that this is going to be a very unique market. We are excited and we see all the positive developments. Will they be here by the third quarter of 2009 were the first quarter of 2010? I can't tell you with accuracy. I can tell you that in a financial environment. Many companies are going to be held to a higher standard, so the ability of companies to avoid facing up to their problems will be greatly diminished. We thank that's going to really work to our benefit. We think we are well positioned to take advantage of it. We expect that we will make some additional advances in finding people to join us. We have high standards, but we are consistent and people know we in fact do what we say. We look ahead and see a terrific 2010 with substantially higher returns, adequate returns in 2009 above our benchmark and very possibly really spectacular returns going forward, with no negative tail which we had to carry, past adverse development as we went into the last turn of the cycle. We think the returns can really be outstanding. So thank you all and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-12 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley  Chairman, President, CEO and COO Gene Ballard  SVP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Josh Shanker  Citi Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. Before we begin, we would like to note that the speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2007 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation or expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. William R. Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley:  Okay, welcome. We had quite a satisfactory quarter if you didnt look at the bad things. It is like most quarters if you overlook the things that you didnt expect or that were bad it was a fine quarter. While Gene will go through the numbers, and I will go through some more details in a few minutes, I think that the overall view we have of the business has changed markedly in the past quarter. Were much more optimistic about the upcoming period of time. Our forecast which has been on track with which is a marked return in end of 09 and the first quarter of 2010 is still our position, but if anything were much more confident in that position and believe that it is possible that the change will take place sooner. We now see the catalysts for the change. We understand what is going on. Our own business is performing quite well. Our combined ratio is running, when you take out a reserve releases and all the external things, the ongoing rates are between 95 and 96. And were pretty pleased with that. That keeps our return right around the 15% level which is where we would hope we would be in spite of a lower than anticipated investment income. We think that business continues to be okay. That is a turn to the point that prices are going down at a much slower rate and in fact on a few places prices are going up. But in general on our price monitoring reports we saw in September the price declines at measurable level of improvement compared to the prior quarters declines. Our regional businesses generally is not under as much pressure although here and there is aggressive behavior in the part of some participants. Our specialty business while still competitive, the pressure is easing a bit here and there. The reinsurance business has continued to be price sensitive but the general sense out that the lack of capacity with the changing financial markets and that is just not as much capacity there. And a lot of people are rethinking their retentions as those adverse pricing decisions they have made in the prior two years are coming home to impact their loss ratios. So overall were pretty optimistic. I will talk a bit more about that when Gene finishes and then we will go into questions. So Gene, go ahead.
Gene Ballard:  Thanks, Bill. In spite of a difficult quarter we have managed to report after-tax operating income was $123 million or $0.73 per share and operating ROE of 13.8% on an annualized basis. Im going to be begin first with a summary of the two more significant items in the quarter, which are the storm losses and investment write-downs. With respect to storms, our net losses before tax was $62 million and that compares with just $8 million in the third quarter of 2007. Losses from hurricane Ike alone were $33 million. That includes our participation in Lloyds syndicate, our estimate of ultimate losses from the Texas Windstorm Association as well as reinstatement premiums. In addition to Ike, we incurred another $29 million of losses from a combination of hurricanes Gustav and Dolly and an unusually large number of wind and hailstorms in the Midwest. The breakdown of the net losses by segment was $39 million for the regional segment, $14 million for the reinsurance segment that is primarily the Lloyds participation, and $9 million for the specialty segment. With respect to investments we reported a net realized investment loss of $220 million in the third quarter. That loss includes $211 million of losses from Fannie and Freddie preferred stock, which we wrote down after they were placed into conservator ship by the Federal Housing Finance Agency on September 7. Turning now back to the insurance results for the quarter, our net premiums written were $996 million that is down 12% from the prior year quarter. Again this quarter, the decrease was mostly attributable to declines in the reinsurance business, which was down 40% as well as declines in E&S lines, which were down 24%. On the other hand, regional and alternative markets were down just 4% and 6% respectively and our international segment was actually up 37% due to our new reinsurance company in Australia as well as strong growth in South America. The reported combined ratio was 96.2% and if you look at the combined ratio excluding storms that would be 90.4%. Prior year reserve releases were $49 million in this years third quarter compared to $18 million in the third quarter of 2007. Our pay loss ratio including storms was 58.1% in the quarter and net loss reserves increased by $81 million to $8.2 billion at September 30th. Operating cash flow is still strong at $375 million in the quarter and $730 million year-to-date. Our overall investment income was $153 million compared to $166 million a year ago and the investment income from the alternative investments that is the arbitrage account and the investments and partnerships and affiliates was $28 million in both periods, both this years quarter and the quarter a year ago. But the composition was quite different. For one deals spreads widened significantly in September and as a result the arbitrage trading accounts reported a net loss of $2 million in the quarter compared with a profit of $21 million in the prior year quarter. Offsetting that however was significant improvement in investment income from affiliates, which rose to $31 million from $7 million a year ago. The improvement in earnings from affiliates was mostly due to mark-to-market gains reported by one of our external investment funds. The core portfolio other than the arbitrage account and partnerships and affiliates, investment income declined by $13 million and that is primarily the result of lower short term interest rates as well as the impact of cash used for share repurchases. The average annualized yield on the portfolio was 4.8% for the quarter compared to 5.2% in the third quarter of 07. There is a summary of the carrying value of the portfolio by investment category on page nine of the release. Just a few things that I would like to point out there, one the municipals have an average credit rating of AA and that is of course without considering any credit enhancements. The mortgage securities are mostly agencies; the corporate securities are short duration high quality names. The loans receivable are all commercial mortgages and the foreign government bonds are primarily UK gilts. Also want to point out as we mentioned in our prerelease that we do not invest in CDOs CLOs, never been a party to a credit default swap and dont engage in securities lending. At September 30th, the net after-tax unrealized losses were $155 million or 1.2% of the total portfolio. We repurchased 1.9 million shares of our stock in the quarter at a cost of $44 million and that brings our year-to-date share repurchases to 19.4 million shares. The financial effect of those repurchases which were made at prices above stated book value was to reduce book value per share by $0.90. Our ending book value per share at September 30th was $18.81 down $0.99 from the beginning of the year.
William Berkley:  Thank you, Gene. So basically, let me just quickly go through the real story of our businesses. Our regional business is general flat; prices are down slightly less than 5% this year. A little less competition currently then there was again sporadically in a few places in a few companies more aggressive, especially those companies who are particularly concerned about cash flow are out there trying to aggressively write business. Our specialty business continues to see standard markets entering into the business as well as some aggressive competition from less well rated, less established competitors, where they are searching for opportunities to get into the business. We have actually seen business loss to people where the prices they have quoted a 100% loss ratio or more. We just arent sure that people understand what theyre doing but that is the nature of the bottom of the cycle. We continue to see that. In the reinsurance business, it is not only been price decline but terms and conditions especially for some of the largest buyers of reinsurance where theyre just tried to bring [ph] in terms and conditions, take away the rights to audit claims. They basically forced reinsurers to say we want you to pay you pay, you have no question, you have no rights and you have no ability to verify. And our own experience has shown that without those capacities in many cases it doesnt do particularly well and some of these same way companies tend to give us the worst results. So that volume is down substantially. We have lots of capacity to do more business. We think that capital will be very well rewarded for sitting on the sidelines because the capacity in the reinsurance business has been hurt substantially by the debacle in the securities market. So sidecars and a lot of these vehicles have been eliminated and we think well stay on the side, no pun intended for this next cycle at least for a while and watch the participants have had their capital cutback. So we think well be able to take advantage of that more quickly. Overall, alternative market business continues to do all right. We still see opportunities, lots of that business is built on relationships although we do see a number of people who have captives, who are facing restrains of the current economic climate and their investment portfolio is under stress and are going to be looking for more reinsurance and more solutions, which will give us a real advantage. So were pretty optimistic about the change, our overseas business, the UK, is more competitive than we expected it to be. Australia has been a great advantage. We have domestic and insurance business in Australia and that is led by an excellent management team. It got off to a great start in what we think is the right time which is the middle of this year. And while in the short run increased our expense ratio because we had very little earned premium, they have done a great job getting it going and our Latin American business is doing quite well and we have been pretty well protected in all these cases currency wise although not totaling protected. The reason were optimistic is because we have had a lot of experience and the management team which has been around a long time. And last market cycles started to change really at the very end of 99 where you started to see prices start to move up slightly and then in the end of 2000 you had Reliance and Frontier effectively go out of business and then you began to see dramatic price increases followed by the unfortunate events of 9/11 with just the accelerated that trend. While Reliance and Frontier were small companies today we have a number of large companies who are under great stress. Clearly AIG is under stress. Other companies have other problems because of the capital markets. The pricing cycle has effectively brought people to where it is likely the underwriting results for 2009 are going to result in the industry combined in the area of 110, could even be worse and very poor investment results, which in our view means the industry will have a net operating loss, investment income, underwriting losses. When the industry has a net operating loss with at least several of the very largest players suffering capital problems and stress with the lack of excess capital sidecars and excess companies on the side not available. Capital markets reasonably close to the industry because of where were. We think this is going to be an excellent opportunity. We think those catalysts for change are here. We would expect, again our formal position is still the very end of 2009, the first quarter of 2010 but there are a lot of things out there that tell us it could easily happen sooner. So were sitting here looking at opportunities. We have seen a number. We have hired a couple of teams of people and we continue to talk to people and look at opportunities. The pricing of things that are for sale is much more attractive although most of the things are still not of an interest to us that we continue to see what we think are exciting opportunities and we expect by the end of 2009 we will fully utilize our capital, although at that point we expect to be generating enough capital to allow us to have plenty of growth. We have great reinsurance partners who have supported us and have made money doing business with us and we continue to expect to use them to participate with us in this anticipated growth. So with that now, we will take questions please.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question with Josh Shanker with Citi. Please go ahead sir.
Josh Shanker  Citi:  Thank you, good morning. My first question involves the (inaudible) lines market; obviously Lexington is a big player there. In terms of how wholesalers look in the marketplace. What is the prospect for some programs that are associated with Lexington to look for sponsorship among other E&S players?
William Berkley:  First I should understand and be sure you understand my general counsel is looking at me right now and reminding me and handing me a note that said, remember your first amendment rights are curtailed by the relatively important aspect of insurance regulators who say you have to be careful what you say about other companies. 
Josh Shanker  Citi: 
 :
William Berkley:  I just want everybody to understand Im trying to be careful. I think that in general people always are concerned with uncertainty. Uncertainty is out there and AIG is the biggest excess and surplus lines rider in the business. It houses some of the most talented people in the business. Brokers, agents, and their employees are all facing uncertainty. Nothing new for anyone. And what is happening is everyone is trying to assess how that plays out what happens and how do we hedge our best. So everybody is looking around and trying to figure out what to do and I think that the process is AIG has some unique capacities that no one else has and everybody is out there trying to assess how can I hedge my bet, what can I do. And that is the process that is going on and as the leverage of AIGs advance increases and the uncertainty increases, people get more anxious and they look around and try to figure out what to do and I think that that clearly  that is a pressure point that is not going to go away and if anything is likely to increase. 
Josh Shanker  Citi:  But taking AIG out of the commission is as though we dont stumble on things. If Im a wholesaler and work for myself, to some extent, but use another company for capital support. Am I early in the process of looking for a new partner or am I  is this the stickier times of business or when let be sticky kind of business? 
William Berkley:  I think that there are issues of capacity. There are issues of when the business renews. I think that most people are sitting there and saying le we wait for a renewal. Let me examine what are my options, where can I get the capacity. If you are a broker youre going to look at where do you get paid what commissions. I think that most people are looking to diversify their exposure and ensure they are going to have everything back as they did in AIG. AIG was the unassailable star of our business for so many years and I think it takes a long time before people recognize and see what happened and I mean that in the kindest away. I think people are still adjusting to all this and trying to figure out what does it mean and where does it take you. Though you know, I think youre seeing people search for ways to diversify their risk right now and trying to find ways to offset that risk. And in some places they can find alternatives and in others they cant. And then they make a decision do they do things in a different way than they have for the past ten years using AIGs capacities et cetera. 
Josh Shanker  Citi:  Okay, sort of the answer. I will take it. The question going back to 2003, are you writing at about twice the premium surplus you are writing today? Is it possible for Berkley given all the rating agency changes over the past few years, given the changes in the marketplace in general, even if things got favorable and where can Berkley really get to on a premium surplus bases. I realize that it is a mistaken sort of metric to use but all we have. 
William Berkley: 
 : That having been said if we assume to three to one and couldnt demonstrate that it was primarily a price increase we would have hell of a problem. On the other end if there was 70% price increase, 30% volume increase and if we were writing at two to one and they could see earning a lot of money and that coming down to 1.5 to 1 and so on I think theyll be more flexible and understanding if that is mainly driven by price increase and modestly by that. I think the other thing is we think we have good relationship with reinsurers. We have lots of other avenues for capital. So we think we can certainly manage that issue for a while. We think that if there is a significant jump in that premium surplus it would be for a year or 18 months. It wouldnt be for a long period of time. They would jump up and then trend down mainly because our earning power is so high. I think that if you put back the development from prior years our returns on capital are pretty awesome. And I think that if anything returns are likely to improve much more rapidly in this cycle than the last. 
Josh Shanker  Citi:  And one final question I apologize, with regards to those rating agencies do you have a relatively clean balance sheet compared to some of the more in peril peers? Did they view to your best guestimation the unreleased losses in a similar way that you view your unrealized losses?
William Berkley:  As far as we know, we have got very recent reviews. We have had nobody has any problem and one of the things that. The variability on some of these things is so enormous you know on the 20th of October the world went to hell with municipals and now the world is fine with municipals. I think there was 110 basis points more in the municipal bond market. If we were there to mark that to market on the 20th of October and mark it back to market now, it would be pretty dramatic you know. On the other hand we only have a 3.5-year duration of our investment portfolio, which is costing us money but minimizes that stuff. So, I think that there we also still have some unrecognized and unrecorded gains on our balance sheet that we are working on and trying to find a way to recognize.
Josh Shanker  Citi:  Very good. I understand you are talking about the (inaudible). All right, very good and thank you Bill.
William Berkley:  Thank you.
Operator:  And we will take our next question with Mike Grasher with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  Good morning Bill. Just a quick question here, a follow up I guess to your discussion around premium surplus I guess. How do you balance the I guess, you have catalysts out there on the horizon, yet here in the short run, could you and you see these opportunities, could you still involve yourself with share repurchase or get back engaged in that share repurchase?
William Berkley:  I think that if the stock traded down to the book value range we would have to seriously think about it, but I think at this point we see some pretty exciting opportunities. Were hired two teams of people. One we announced yesterday for our offshore business and we hired a team to do E&L business. We also started a group in Canada, where were hired a fellow, who had built the specialty book of business in Canada and we are looking at a couple of other things where transactions are at our global value. So, we are going to talk about getting very attractive returns and build the business. So, you know, I think I have had the consistent position that if we can build the business and effectively get better returns than buying our own stock back, we would do that. If our own stock starts to sell at book value or less, we would probably go back to seriously considering that. And the one piece that is there now that wasnt there is that the capital markets are much more uncertain although we have been informed that we have access to the capital markets. That access is less certain and the price is less certain. So, if you are desperate you always have access at least in our position but the price maybe dear.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  Understood and then moving on to a different topic. I guess if you could speak to any concerns you may have on the outcome of the election one way or the other and just as a secondary question to that more specifically around regulation of the insurance industry from a Federal or state level.
William Berkley:  There are three pieces there I will comment on. Number one, were of the belief that the government and industry need to work together for a rational outcome. Were intermediary trying to balance out and spread risk and our goal is to have a reward as acting as the buffer and we think that is in the government and in the consumers who buy insurance best interest. Predictability is what insurance does best in. So, we think that either President who is elected is fine. We are particularly pleased that the Mr. Obama has come out with a certainty of supporting our tax on non-U.S. insurers. So that is a positive. Mr. McCain has been less certain. That would be a plus. I think that given our new direction in the government it is more likely that therell be some national insurance regulator of some type. I think one of the problems they had in dealing with AIG, how to deal with AIG when you had state regulators, the Federal government, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC. I think those conflicts made dealing with AIG a more complicated thing. I think the government suddenly realized that. I think that Berkley as well as a number of other well capitalized insurers are opposed to property casualty companies participating in the TARP program. We dont think we need it and we dont think that for the most part the insurance industry needs the participation of the TARP plan, and those companies that are seeking participation are seeking it primarily because of liquidity issues that could be dealt with the falling in securities as opposed to capital infusions. So were not in favor of TARP at all, for the insurance industry at least.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  Okay thanks for those comments. And then just a final question for Gene, a numbers question, in terms of the new businesses or the new startups that were on the books at January 1, how much have they contributed to the total premium production for the year?
Gene Ballard:  Businesses that we started 
William Berkley:  That were started prior to January 1.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  Yes.
Gene Ballard: 
 :
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  So within the past year.
William Berkley:  Something less than $40 million for the quarter.
Gene Ballard:  And that is just a really new startup not the start ups.
William Berkley:  Right Mike that is the recent startups, not the older startups. Well having startups are a continuing process for us.
Mike Grasher  Piper Jaffray:  Understood.
William Berkley:  Okay.
Operator:  And we will take our next question with Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead sir.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks good morning everybody.
William Berkley:  Good morning.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  If I can play of that question, is there any relationship between how long you have had a unit up and running and the amount of business they would lose in a soft market?
William Berkley:  It is interesting, when companies start up they generally are more selective. They get business from people who they know from business they wrote, they know the pricing. They dont lose much business because by and large the business they get is not price sensitive and is relationship driven for the most part. Some of the new businesses get almost nothing for the first year. And some jump off to an extraordinary start in the first six months. So the answer is most of the new businesses dont lose business at the start because the business they get is either built on relationships or built on some particular area of expertise that they develop. And we didnt have that many new ones that were started prior to say the year 2006 peak. Most of them started after that. And most of them get to a particularly big size that it is the current sequential amount.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Very helpful. Is it safe to infer from your remarks that you are expecting a market turn in reinsurance earlier than broader insurance?
William Berkley:  Yes. I think that this year end that youre going to start to see a change in the reinsurance marketplace. I dont think, I think in property catastrophe business, youll see it at this year-end. I think it has already been announced that for instance, (inaudible) is getting out of the property cat business. I think sidecars and a lot of the securities that everyone said was the future of reinsurance business were impacted by the current market. So I think that a lot of that stuff is already being impacted at the moment. So I think that the reinsurance market is going to start to do better sooner. I think on the property side will have a better year in 2008 and the entire industry will start to do better as we go into 2009. I think that the other piece that will be a little different than the last cycle. The last cycle was led by the primary business turning before the reinsurance cycle. The cycle before was led by the reinsurance business. I think youre going to have the reinsurance business leaving this but compounded by the lack of capital in the primary business. I mean there is a real possibility this is going to be a very dramatic change. That is not a prediction that is merely the hypothesis of a possibility.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, one question on that if I can and then Ill pass the torch. One of the issues that is obscure was I guess (inaudible) increases in the past and the fact that some insurance companies have intentionally or otherwise (inaudible) losses do you expect that to be a factor in 08 or 09.
William Berkley: 
 :
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Thank you so much.
Operator:  And we will take our next question with you Doug McGregor RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:  Hi, good morning. Most of my substantial questions have been answered except two number related ones. First Gene, how was that your $122.7 million of operating income, and then you said about $162.7 million of diluted shares, and that to about $0.75 operating income per share. Is that  am I missing something?
Gene Ballard:  Well, we are using a 100, and for the operating income we are using our diluted shares of $168 million. I think for the income statement we are using basic shares because we had a net loss. So that would be anti-dilutive to use the diluted shares, but on the operating income you will see that on page 8 of the news release, I think, in a footnote there we mentioned that we use the diluted shares of 168 million (inaudible).
William Berkley:  There is some kind of crazy accounting rules that we had to use for taxes and for the diluted shares and stuff because of the tax rules and the loss for the quarter that sort of mess up some of those calculations and I am happy for you to give them a hard time I did already.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:  Okay actually I see on the footnote now. Thanks for pointing that out. And the second question little more general, the  you the overall available reserve development with that concentrated in any particular business line or is it reasonably spread out.
William Berkley:  It is more in the specialty lines than any place else, but it was reasonably  it was spread out, mainly in the specialty.
Doug McGregor  RBC Capital Markets:  Okay thanks a lot. Thats all my questions.
Operator:  And we will take our next question with Larry Greenberg with Langen McAlenney. Please go ahead.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney:  Thanks very much and good morning. You touched some of my questions too, but I was wondering if you could just discuss loss trends and whether you are seeing anything more recently that is out of line with what you had been seeing and perhaps touch on how you think the macroeconomic environment might impact some of those trends going forward?
William Berkley:  No I think there is  I think there is three things I would say. Number one, I think that this in this kind of economic climate it is a little easier to settle things and even if you are moving towards slightly more inflation, you usually have an easier time to settle losses. I think that the macro environment does give you some concern. You have to be careful with agents and ensure that you get paid, and I think other than that it does not have a big effect at the moment.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney:  What if I said that the outlook was towards deflation.
William Berkley:  If you said the outlook would be for deflation, then we probably have very, very redundant reserves and then I would guess that it would in fact have a huge amount of positive leverage on our balance sheet.
Larry Greenberg  Langen McAlenney:  Thank you.
Operator:  And we will take our next question with Keith Billingsley with Signal Hill. Please go ahead sir.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill: 
 :
William Berkley:  First of all I think that it is important to understand that I started by saying a couple of things that in addition to the public issues with AIG, a number of other particular insures have the financial statements quite strained. But again, as I warned you my first amendment rights are somewhat restricted I have been told.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill:  I understand.
William Berkley:  Let me just finish  so there are a couple of very specific, but remember those couple of specifics where large companies having an enormous impact when this cycle turned in 1999-2000 it was (inaudible) companies Reliance and Frontier. Here AIG alone is 10% of the commercial lines market, 20% of the specialty market, the E&S market. Plus there are some others that have real restraints. So you have that piece and in addition to that piece you have all these sidecars and other vehicles that were funded by investment people who have different issues, not industry people and you then have to put that together with the industry that is not earning money and have had some markdown of capital. It is not that they are in trouble, but the marginal people who are these several big companies that have capital issues and the peripheral people who solve those capital problems, all coming together and then the pressure of reinsures I think is going to drive the cycle much harder than people think.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill:  With the economy in the face of the pressure it is under, would you not expect to see either a cutback in coverage by customers as prices go up because these cannot afford it, similar to we saw post 9/11 as well as primary companies just increase their retentions.
William Berkley:  Yes. But that may happen to some extent and you also noticed post 9/11 the industry had amongst its best periods of times ever. So, I think that yes that is true, but people still more than ever need to buy insurance because they cannot accept or risk the volatility of uncertainty.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill:  It just seems on their calls this quarter have been share leading higher rates, but no one has seen it in their own numbers as a whole nor are they proposing that they are going to be the leaders to raise rates. I suspect that you guys are not going to be the first ones to raise your rates, would that be correct?
William Berkley:  Well I wouldnt say that. No. Not only wouldnt I say that, I would say that in some areas we have already raised rates and I think that I said last quarter and the quarter before I thought the turn in the cycle would come at the end of 09, the first quarter of 10. You can look up our conference call and we said exactly the same thing. All thats happening now is the specific facts that are going to make that a catalyst, but ultimately rates change when you have a zero return or a negative return, and thats whats going to happen in my view in 09, but prices arent going to change particularly much right now. Its going to be  were at least 6 months away from that price changing happening and were probably three quarters away before we see any real dramatic price changes. But its going to start to happen. I think what I am saying and I have said for some period of time and now there are some others that are saying it also is that the catalysts are all here, prices are going to begin to change, and yes in fact we have started to change our pricing.
Kenneth Billingsley  Signal Hill:  Very good. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) We will take our next question with Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks. I just had a couple of quick follow ups. One, could you sort of outline which accident years contributed to the reserve releases this quarter?
William Berkley:  I think you have to chat with Gene about that. You know, you start to get into where and what sort of you wouldnt mind chatting with Gene after the call.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  No, no problem at all. A couple of quarters I guess ago, you talked about your expectations for the different investment segments. I was wondering if you could update us in terms of what youre thinking for the arbitrage et cetera, I guess in the back quarter of 2008-2009.
William Berkley:  Our arbitrage account has been mainly cash for a fairly extended period of time. Thats why it didnt lose hardly any money. I think weve lost a little bit of money and prior to that was because of the restrictions on short-selling and other things. But our big arbitrage account which is Milton Partners continued to run a very conservative book of business and it was  it did an outstanding job, they didnt make money and nobody likes not to make money, but basically they had about 60% cash and I think that we had  actually I apologize, I said I would just direct it for the quarter actually it was in September, but weve lost money for the quarter, actually made money, but the outside advantage, we had lost money and our in-house arbitrage was mainly was and is mainly cash. So we continue to have lots (inaudible) what they do and I think that clearly thats the vast majority of our external money. I think that the  you know relatively modest amounts of other things. I think that yields clearly have come down. The yield curve is steepening. We have with a 3.5 year average duration, which is well under what our duration of our loss reserves are. We have capacity to extend that. Right now we are investing money basically in AAA Securities, basically at a 3 to 5-year duration, primarily 3 years, which is giving us adjusted pre-tax returns of 5.5%. We can get up to about 6.5 over the last 5 years and we still have pretty good positive cash flow which is being invested only in those fixed income areas for now.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. That is very helpful. And I guess one last question. When we look at some of the new units that have been formed recently, were starting to see I guess  or let me assess are you starting to get comfortable with a property risk to a larger account D&O compared to the smaller casualty focus that youve had historically.
William Berkley:  I think that weve always tried to find great people. Weve built our business on great people. We think that we continue to believe that small to middle size casualty business is our sweet spot and the place we would like to continue to build our business. Its what we like, but when a couple of great teams became available, we felt that just great teams dont come around very often. The reason we havent been in the property business very often is because I learned about the insurance business and reinsurance business 35 years ago. And I learned a different language than everybody runs their business today and I am only comfortable with my old fashion language. And my old fashion language is called underwrite to an AML. AML is absolute maximum loss. So the only kinds of property exposures were going to ever get in is where we can underwrite to an AML or an absolute maximum loss. So the kinds of things that we will be doing when you see us getting in the property business is getting in businesses where the underwriting teams have a philosophy that matches with mine and my sons, which is you always need to know how much you can lose in the worst possible scenario, because the worst possible scenario always occurs when you can least afford it. That allows you to buy quarter share reinsurance and excess reinsurance with defined limits. It allows reinsures to do business for you with much more comfort because they understand what their exposures are and how it is and what they are getting paid for taking those exposures. So we havent changed our view, its just the kinds of people that are attractive to us, having been around, and when they get around we havent been able to hire them for any reason particularly, and now we suddenly we found a couple. So that was really exciting to us. It goes along with our view of always know the risk youre taking and if you wanted to know our (inaudible), it is that three letters, AML. Most everybody else in the property insurance business and reinsurance business underwrites what they call PML, probable maximum loss. I was a statistical major. I actually understand that PML means probable not absolute. Therefore, you might be wrong and you can go broke. So therefore, that is why were looking and doing these things because we love the idea of underwriters who know what risk management is about.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  And that conclude our question and answer session. I would like to turn it back over to management for any additional or closing remarks.
William Berkley:  Okay. Well, we thank you all. As I said we really see now more clearly than ever that the cycle is beginning to turn. Were quite optimistic. Its not here now. Its beginning. It takes five quarters before any change comes into to be fully reflected. So even if its the third quarter when things change, its five quarters from then. So its really the end of 2010 when its a 100% reflective. But that really means 2010 could easily be quite a good year, and we think that it will be very visible in the second half of 2009. Thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator:  Once again, ladies and gentlemen, this would conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-25 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William Berkley - President, CEO and COO Gene Ballard - CFO and SVP
Analysts: Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group Josh Shanker - Citi Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W.R. Berkley Corporation second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. Before we begin, we would like to note that the speaker's remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of the forward-looking words including without limitation believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that the forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us as to future plans, estimates or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st 2007 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W.R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to William Berkley. Please go ahead, sir.
William Berkley: Thanks, Steve. Welcome to our call. We had an all right second quarter. We were pleased with our underwriting results. Our storm losses, given the magnitude of the storms, were certainly well within reason. Across the board, the competitive environment continues to be difficult. We see pricing levels basically continuing to be down roughly 5%, 5.5% year-over-year. It's been at that level for most of the year. We test not only our renewable, we're now testing new business, which is approximately in that same area. I think that from our perspective what that really means is pricing, adjusting for inflation, is probably down between 9% and 10%. We're trying to offset that by being more selective in our underwriting results and we think we're able to do that somewhat and moving out of the most competitive areas of the business. We think our business is still operating at a very comfortable underwriting margin, and if you take away the storm activity, we would expect that we're probably running in the area of a 90 today, maybe slightly better than that. So, we're satisfied with our business. It's not as wonderful as it was two years ago, but such things can't continue. I'm going to talk about various segments of the business and how we're doing in a little more detail and answer questions, but right now I'm going to let Gene Ballard go through our financials.
Gene Ballard: Okay. Thank you, Bill. To begin with the second quarter operating income was $134 million or $0.77 per share and that compares with $187 million or $0.92 per share in the second quarter of '07. While our operating income was down almost 29% compared with a year ago, income per share was down much less by just 16% as the per share earnings are reflecting increasing benefits from the share repurchase program. We repurchased another 7.1 million shares in the second quarter for an aggregate cost of $190 million, and with that the average shares outstanding during the quarter were down $30 million or 15% from a year ago. On a pre-tax basis our operating income decreased by $87 million when compared with the prior year quarter. Underwriting profits were down by $70 million, investment income was down by $15 million and all other income expense items combined were up by $2 million. Looking first at the underwriting profits, there are four main differences in the year-over-year underwriting results. First, as Bill mentioned storm losses, primarily storms in the Midwest were $31 million in the second quarter, which is $15 million more than they were in last year's second quarter. Storm losses added 2.9 percentage points to our overall combined ratio. Second, the decline in earned premium resulted in a decrease in underwriting profits compared with last year's quarter of about $12 million. Third and most significantly, the profit margins for the current accident year, disregarding the impact of storms, were down about six points from last year. That's due to the general price declines that Bill referred to as well as lost cost trans in inflation and that represents a decrease in underwriting profits compared with the prior year of $63 million. And finally, the fourth item which partially offsets the other three is that we had $20 million more in prior year reserve releases this year than we did a year ago. Reserve releases were $52 million in the quarter, up from $32 million a year ago. So that gives us a total underwriting profit of $73 million and a combined ratio of 93.2%, which is up 5.3 points from the prior year quarter. Net premiums written declined by 13% to $992 million, primarily due to declines in the reinsurance and excess and surplus business lines, which were down by 38% and 22% respectively in the quarter. Our loss reserves increased to $112 million in the quarter to approximately $8.1 billion at June 30th. Our pay loss ratio increased to 52.8% due in part to the decline in earned premiums and our pay-to-incurred loss ratio was 83.5%. Investment income was $154 million, down about $15 million from a year ago. The decrease was primarily due to lower returns from one of our limited partnership investments. Although, returns for the arbitrage account were much improved from the first quarter of '08, they were slightly behind in exceptionally strong quarter in the second quarter of '07. Arbitrage earnings were $15 million this year compared to $23 million a year ago and that gives us an annualized yield of 7.3% this year compared with 11.1% in the prior period. Investment income for the rest of the portfolio continued to grow even after the use of about $800 million in cash for share repurchases. The average annualized yield on the fixed income portfolio was up to 5.0% for the quarter compared with 4.7% in the second quarter of '07. During the quarter, we wrote-down investments in preferred stocks issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and several large banks by a total of $82 million. These investments were considered to be other than temporary impairments primarily because of the amount and time that their market values were below cost. As you may know under FAS 115 and related accounting guidance, write-downs of preferred stocks are based on how much and how long market is below cost even if the investments are highly rated and even if you expect the issuer to honor all of its obligations, which is the case here for our preferred stocks. So, that's what we did. All those investments, by the way, are classified as available for sale so the changes in market would already be reflected in the balance sheet and the book value per share. So, the real effect of the impairment charges is just to move those market value changes over to the income statement. I think Bill might have some comments of his own on this later. At June 30, 2008, the total investments were $13 billion and the net unrealized losses were $13 million. As we showed on Page 8 of the earnings release our holdings of Fanny and Freddie-related assets were $1.3 billion at June 30 and that consisted mostly of mortgage backed securities and you'll also see there that in the aggregate these investments have a net unrealized gain of about $8 million. So, that gives us an operating ROE of 15% and a book value per share at June 30th of $20, up from $19.80 at the beginning of the year. That ending book value reflects the impact of share repurchases during the period at prices above stated book value. So the effect of those repurchases in the first six months would be to reduce book value by $0.73. Thank you.
William Berkley: Well, let me just talk about a couple of things and then I'll talk about each of our operations. First of all, in anticipation of a question, our reserves overall went up by just shy of $250 million. It's an interesting thing with our earned premium down and written premium down that our reserves still went up. And in fact, if you go back in 2005, same quarter we had roughly the same reserves, same written premium and earned premium, rather. So, one would think with that matching our duration, our reserves wouldn't have gone up at all, they would have roughly been unchanged with the duration of loss reserves and the unearned premium adjusting for inflation, you might have expected things go up by $30 million or $40 million, maybe $50 million. It really is our conservative nature that still is in place which is anticipating higher levels of inflation and concern with directional trends we see in loss settlements. It is a conservative posture, that while we are bringing down some past redundancies, we continue to be conservative in the reserves we establish. And the best example, I can give you is, look back same quarter three years ago, earned premium, written premium roughly the same yet our reserves are up by in round numbers $250 million. I think that tells the story about our conservatism. A couple of other items before I talk about the operating. This impairment charge is a non-issue but a big issue. Impairments or market carrying at market value was always how we carried virtually all of our securities. Some companies in fact didn't carry everything at market value. We now have a non-standard because the accounting rules are vague and uncertain and no one has given us any kind of defined way to account for them. We work out our own judgment in negotiating and discussing with the accountants and every insurance company will have its own set of standards plus the ability of investors and analysts to compare insurance companies will be extremely difficult. It's unfortunate that that lack of a bright line has lack of clarity is something we all face now. And the entire test is based on market value even though the current present value of the cash flows of many of these securities is really based on the ability to pay the dividends far more than the market value or in fact the face value. So, it's a complicated thing and for all of you who are trying to examine insurance companies and compare them, it makes the issue extremely difficult. Some companies who carry everything under Section 159 at market value, some companies who carry everything at cost, some who've taken no write-downs. It is unfortunate and it's incumbent upon the FASB and the accountants to get together and establish a standard that makes sense and is logical. It's a real problem for our industry. Continuing now about our operating units, our Specialty business continues to be under pressure. We have a few competitors, who are aggressive and some of our business is moving back to the standard market. The business continues to be extremely profitable. We're very pleased with our operating units. They're behaving in a disciplined fashion. There are a number of new entrants as well as people from Bermuda, who are trying to get into the business. Most people are behaving rationally but it only takes a couple to create irrationality. We're pleased with that business, we're pleased with how we're doing. Our market position continues to be excellent. Our reasonable companies had an underwriting profit despite of the storms in the Midwest. We were pleased there. Our volume is down very slightly. We've been able to take advantage of our relationships and build on them with agents. The modest decline in pricing in that market is more than offset with service and explaining to these customers that for a 5% price differential it's not something you want to change. Continuity is a value. Our Alternative Market business again was relatively flat. We were pleased with our service revenues in that business, under more pressure from irresponsible people trying to enter the excess workers' comp business. It's astonishing. This is the longest line of business we write and you have people who have little capital and less experience getting into the business and people trusting them and then being surprised when they don't perform. It's an astonishing thing and the sad part is some of it will never get made up by guaranteed funds even because they operate on a reinsurance basis and other people front for them. California comp continues to be a more competitive area. There still are opportunities, but it is still quite competitive. The Reinsurance business is our most competitive business. It's the place where there's less business to be had because more companies are retaining as much business as they can to avoid declines in their own written premium levels. In addition to that, they're not wanting to buy as much facultative business because they're letting go premiums and they don't realize they're also gaining losses. So, in this moment in the cycle, the facultative business suffers also. Facultative business is likely to come back once people realize that they let go of the premium, they also let go of the losses. So, we would expect by the end of this year, early next year the facultative business will start to return because people will realize they don't want that extreme volatility that large retentions result in when you keep that. But in the meantime we have basically stepped out of and not seen a number of our treaty accounts and that business continues and we are no longer in participation with Kiln. So, our reinsurance volume is down. International business still doing well. We're pleased with how everyone is doing. Our Latin American business continues to do well. We have outstanding leadership in both South America and Europe. We're extremely pleased with how they're doing. It is a constant battle in Latin America to maintain that discipline and we're pleased with that. In Europe, it is as competitive as here and our people and leadership there have done great. We've also now expanded in our International business, which accounts for a significant part of our growth. In Australia, we've got just first class people who have taken advantage of our establishment of our Australian operation there, and we're very pleased with their start and how well they're doing. Our office in Hong Kong continues to write a small amount of Asian reinsurance business. So overall, we're pleased with where we're going. Disciplined and not writing business is always hard. The cornerstone of our view is, have all the power you need when you come out of this. Two other items I wanted to be sure to mention. We continue to believe that we will use our earnings we generate to repurchase stock. That means we would expect to continue to buy 5 million to 10 million, maybe slightly more or slightly less shares on a quarterly basis, which is basically using our new earnings to repurchase stock. The second thing is I want to further my complaint about the existing accounting issues. And that is, to give you an example of the absurd accounting rules, we own a building in Washington, D.C. We were going to sell that building. It would have been roughly a $75 million profit. We own 80% of it. Instead, we refinanced the building and took out $54 million of cash tax-free, non-recourse. So, we got $54 million in cash plus all our costs out on a non-recourse basis. Yet we recorded no gain on that transaction even though for all intents and purposes on an economic basis it's a gain. There's no way we have to give that money back, but instead we had $54 million in a suspense account. Now, we have the economic benefit of reinvesting the money. But it is not in fact a gain. Another case of accounting rules not reflecting the reality of the business situation. We have an additional several hundred million dollars, probably an additional $200 million or $300 million of unrealized gains in investment real estate and we're working on other avenues to convert those gains to be reflected on our financial statements. We may well get the cash to use but it's silly to pay tax when there are avenues we can use to get the cash and not pay tax and have a free ride in the potential future upside in some particularly choice pieces of real estate. So, we have many issues with the current accounting treatment of a lot of these things and they create a lot of complexity in allowing people to compare various financial statements of different insurance companies. Some like ours being quite conservative, others creating gains that are only artificial, buying leases on their own real estate and then selling the buildings based on over priced leases. So with Steven, we will take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We'll go to Michael Phillips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thanks. Good morning, everybody. Two questions, Bill. First, on the International segment, a lot of growth there, I guess just trying to have a hard time understanding the expense ratio increase and kind of what's driving that and how would you think about that going forward?
William Berkley: Two things. The growth was mainly from Australia and the expenses were mainly the startup expenses of our new operation in Australia.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So I mean, over the next couple of quarters we should expect to see that come down a bit then, I assume?
William Berkley: Yes, I would expect so. But we basically had six months of expenses plus special expenses and starting up which involved a lot of stuff, but yes, that ought to come down.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. Thanks. And second question kind of centers around I guess this -- the overall topic of growth and then your comments on a $250 million increase in reserves. With, I think, Gene said reserve development was about $53 million, so your accident period results are just under 100%, about 98% now. I guess, the question kind of is, your increase in reserves being conservative at a time when growth is tough, your margins are just under 100% here on combined ratio basis accident year. How much business do you think that's still profitable that you probably don't get a chance to see it because you're being sort of conservative on the reserves here?
William Berkley: Well, we go through, first of all, we don't tell our Company's reserve set and we are on the side of what I think are the gods telling everybody you're too conservative. So, you should understand that we tell every one of our operating units when we think they're redundant, we tell them they're redundant, they ought to be writing more business. And every one of the Senior Vice Presidents here pounded the table and said, it's great to be conservative, but if you're conservative and missing good, profitable business, it's a bad decision. On the other hand, having been through the bad parts of the cycle, everyone here is experienced. If you ever get with one of them and you ask to take their shirts off, you'll see all the scars from this. So, they're cautious because you don't direct people to be more aggressive at this moment in the cycle. I have to tell you intuitively, I agree with you. I think you're right. I think we are not getting all the business we ought to get and I tell the people in the field that we need to be out there. But my guess is this, at this exact moment we probably shouldn't push too hard. And I think if you look at our more cautious reserving, it's probably also a reflection of what happens in the business climate when business is moving into a recession and pricing is going down, you tend to lose those audit premiums, you lose the kind of extra volume you get from operations. Your premiums which are based on the scale of a business are really covering larger scale businesses because you're covering things they did a year ago when they were bigger businesses. So, I think that at this moment in time it's probably frustrating as it is in your comment and it is a lot more frustrating to me. I think that that's a painful issue that we face all the time. And I think that we are being a little more conservative than we should be, but I think this is the moment in the cycle where you don't want to push them too hard.
Michael Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, great. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Marc Serafin with Citadel Investment Group.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: Thanks. One quick one and then a follow-up. How much reinsurance business did you do with Kiln?
William Berkley: We just had -- basically we had a consortium of about $35 million. But most of our decline in reinsurance premium was not from Kiln.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: And $35 million was a full year '07 number?
William Berkley: Yes.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: And then, could you talk a little bit more about the workers' comp loss cost inflation trends that you're seeing and what you're assuming in your pricing or your reserving at this point?
William Berkley: I don't think, I would get specific in workers' comp. I would simply say that our general view is medical cost, inflation is sort of between 7% and 9% and base rate inflation that we're using is 4.5%. So, I think what we're sort of saying for our own purposes, we think that based on premium mix, we're seeing effective cost deterioration between 9% and 11%. But it depends on the state, it depends on coverage changes. It's very, very specific by state, by tax we employed by retention. There's lot of things you try and do to compete, not just on our loss cost estimates and so forth but detachment point. It's coverage, it's our own preferred provider network which we think in some places reduces our medical cost by as much as 12%. So, I think we're putting a lot of effort on things like that. So for example, we have a preferred fire network now almost every place.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Josh Shanker with Citi.
Josh Shanker - Citi: Good morning to you all.
William Berkley: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Shanker - Citi: The first question I had regards some comments you made during the last conference call and just how this conference call fits in. Where's the velocity of the rate trend going? If things worsened in pricing, (inaudible) able to talk?
William Berkley: No, I don't think things have worsened, but in fact I was really surprised when I got our last loss cost trend. They're astonishingly flat, i.e. the rate of loss cost trend continues roughly at exactly the same thing. I think what I see happening that I'm interested, I think the decline in business activity is causing a few things to happen. I'll give you an example, Josh. Construction, people have exposures on past operations when they're aggressively writing contractors business. You're really picking up exposures when businesses were much more active, so you're cutting your prices, in this case contractors go up more than 5%, I might add, a lot more. But not only are you cutting your prices, you're getting an exposure of insurance exposure that's far greater than the current rate of business operations, thus, the rate base that's used to calculate your premium. So, I think that you're seeing in certain lines of business people not, not experienced enough to understand that their risks are greater than the rate calculation generates in premium. So, we think that that is creating a greater adverse impact on some of the most aggressive carriers, but I think that we've had no change
Josh Shanker - Citi: Okay.
William Berkley: We've had no change at this point in time, but it continues. So, I think the consequential results are that the combined ratio for the industry will get worse. I would think the combined ratio for the industry on the average in 2009 will be certainly well over 108 on an actual year basis, could well, could be 110.
Josh Shanker - Citi: You're getting more sour than me, I think
William Berkley: No. That's an actual year basis. I think the reported combined ratio will be a lot better than that.
Josh Shanker - Citi: Certainly, certainly.
William Berkley: By the way, I think that's great because I think the end is going to come with difficult investment results and that combined ratio, I think that that's going to mean the cycle turns in the first quarter, maybe the second quarter of 2010. So, from my point of view, that's how -- I'm much more optimistic about the turn in the cycle than I was six months ago.
Josh Shanker - Citi: Okay, very good. The second question is, I'm not seeing too many headlines in the newspapers and I'm wondering if you have any comments about your tax status lobbying efforts in Washington, whether you think either of the preferable candidates will have any impact on offshoring premiums to avoid taxation?
William Berkley: Well, I think both presidential candidates would like to have people who don't vote pay taxes and these are companies that are offshore that they ought to pay taxes and if they do pay taxes, that would be good and if they vote here, then they certainly should pay taxes because they should have to pay for the freedoms they get just as they structured their lives offshore. So, if they complain that they do vote here then they should pay taxes for that reason. So I'm optimistic. I think we're making headway but as I said before, this is not something that's going to be won or lost on the public stage. It's going to be won or lost in Congress and we've had excellent responses from people. But as everyone had seen with getting things done in Congress, Congress is not anxious to get anything done at the moment, they're busy fighting with each other.
Josh Shanker - Citi: Okay. And finally, on your real estate problems, I just want to make a comment
William Berkley: We have not a real estate problems.
Josh Shanker - Citi: I understand, I understand.
William Berkley: But the
Josh Shanker - Citi: Conundrum, I guess we're seeing, why you can't realize these profits.
William Berkley: Well, we realized cash but not profits.
Josh Shanker - Citi: Right. Now, I'm fairly certain that you as well as most of your peers company have significant real estate gains that are not appreciated on your balance sheets. And I understand that you don't intend to tell people look there's obviously the balance sheet is understated but it tends to me, when companies are selling their real estate in the insurance category, it tends to me either they're trying to beef up their balance sheet in terms of appearances, they need cash or they're afraid real estate prices are going to come down in valuation. I'm trying to see your motivation for desiring to show those profits. I know you have them but why do you need to show them?
William Berkley: The difference is most of my property casualty competitors don't own whole buildings in their investment account. Their real estate is their operating real estate. We bought buildings as investments, just part of our portfolio. We were the developers. We bought them to sell. So, I don't think it's like most of our competitors. I don't think
Josh Shanker - Citi: I understand the difference. And as you desire to sell right now, are you concerned about real estate pricing?
William Berkley: No. This has been going on for a year and a half. We refinanced this building with non-recourse at the peak of the market, we worked it. I mean on an economic basis it worked out fine. It's just that I'm trying to point out the absurd, I'm not complaining other than to say the absurdity of the accounting that if we had sold the business it would have reflected one way. We on an economic basis sold the business although not on a financial statement basis. What I'm really raising the issue is the inconsistency of the rules which make various transactions appear different ways on different company's financial statements. I'm talking less about the real estate than I am about the accounting rules.
Josh Shanker - Citi: I understand. When we're done with W.R. Berkley, then you can come and do our jobs and show us our accounting rules too.
William Berkley: Yeah. It's the most aggravating part of my job is fighting with the accountants.
Josh Shanker - Citi: I can imagine. Take care and thank you, Bill. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
William Berkley: Boy Jay, you've gotten older, your fingers are much slower than usual.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: That is true actually. In the last, I guess, month or so we've had two Specialty insurance companies sell themselves at pretty high multiples, two times book, 2.8 times book. You guys are treading at 1.2 times book. It seems that the private market is putting a higher value on this Company, a much higher value than the public market. Any thought of finding some sort of partnership where the value of your Company can be recognized more quickly than in the public market?
William Berkley: We've talked to people. We've had discussions with people. And if somebody wanted to buy this Company, I'm sure they could find management who would run it without myself and my son. But we are not in any mode to work for anybody else and we have talked to people about doing things in partnership and we continue to buy back stock. So, if the environment and the pricing of our stock continues low enough, we'll be private because everybody will sell but me. We've bought back about 22% of the Company so far and I think we'll buy back basically 10% every six months. So, if we continue to do that, we're going to -- for those shareholders who remain, they'll be part of a elite group who get to own this Company at a much lower value than we think the intrinsic value. But we're certainly willing to talk to anybody about anything that creates shareholder value. I own right now in round numbers 19% of the Company and the only caveat is I'm not prepared to work for anybody else. But other than that, I'll do anything that helps create value for the shareholders at any point in time. So, if somebody out there wants to call me and have a discussion about it, it's okay with me.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We'll go next to [Scott Heleniak] with RBC Capital Markets.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, good morning. Just two quick questions. First you cited excess workers' comp is an area where people were being pretty irresponsible. Can you think of-- is there any others that sort of stick out? I know you kind of went out of your way to mention that one. Any others that come to mind, especially longer tail?
William Berkley: I think that's really the most egregious. And I tell the reason it's the most egregious is because it's such a very long tail line and people ought to have more sense than that. You ought to be selective in who you do business with. But I think that's the most egregious that stands out above all else. I mean, there are people who are charging less than 50% of the appropriate rate. But the good news is that makes the long tail line a short tail line.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And so, how does that 50% compare to some of the other weaker categories? Is there anything even close?
William Berkley: No, not that I can offhand think about, no.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay.
William Berkley: I mean I think California standard workers' comp has come down by more than 50% rate, but it's come down because the benefits have come down [incompetently]. So I think that that's not a comparable thing. So, I think that that's probably the greatest. I think there are other areas that are starting to come down, but excess workers' comp is the place. And by and large most people are still being responsible and the financially secure dependent, dependable companies still are pricing appropriately. It's people who write with these new fly by nights or people who have no capital that are getting this theoretical bargain. Most excess workers' comp is still being done rationally.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: The only other question I had was last conference call you talked about sort of mid-market carriers getting into ENS. It really started about a year or so ago, and then they started getting out in the first quarter. Are you seeing any of that at all where the loss trends are starting to build and they're starting to get out or is this more coming in force and it's not really?
William Berkley: I think it's a mixture still. So, I think that some are getting in, some are not. I think that, I would say that there is not the overall disregard of pricing that you saw the last soft market where people said how would it, whatever price it takes. I think there is in most lines of business there may be a disconnect as to what it takes to write at a profitable level but people aren't just saying whatever it takes to write the business. The most aggressive companies in most lines are only being modestly irrational.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: But is it in your forecast that that will happen in 2009?
William Berkley: I think that what's going to happen in 2009 is the cumulative effect of a 5% and a 5% rate decline and inflation. You get to the third year where that's the case and you have still a modest decline, just starts to have a huge effect. You can't hide from that. So, the reality of loss costs starts to hit. So, when you're in the ENS business with the duration of three, four, five years, six years, you start to see those losses, so you no longer can hide from the reality of your inadequate pricing.
Scott Heleniak - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Grasher with Piper Jaffray.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Hi, good morning, gentlemen. Bill just trying to tie your comments, your verbal comments with those in your press release in terms of your own expectations on returns over the course of the next 18 months. Do you feel like the balance sheet and the reserve position is strong enough that you can maintain at least the 15% including your outlook for the marketplace?
William Berkley: Yeah, at this point I still feel that way and there's nothing that has changed about that. But I think that you -- the farther you get into a difficult cycle, the more worry you have that greater levels of irrationality are there. I still am pretty confident we'll be able to deliver that 15% plus returns.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: And does that make you apprehensive about looking at other properties that maybe out there in the market looking more attractive? And I guess, I'm speaking more to the public entities that we see trading at discounts to book, maybe a young balance sheet, smaller company that maybe is a tuck-in for you.
William Berkley: No. We're always looking at other opportunities. I mean, part of the problem, and we're trying to think what do we want to do and then as part of the problem is, we don't want to get something that isn't complimentary to what we have. So lots of the things we see today aren't particularly complimentary to what we have. We're thinking of, in fact, maybe making minority investments in some of these things that we see out there. But at the moment, no, we think there are great opportunities and we're looking at them on an everyday basis.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Okay. And then, final question would be just in terms of the elections coming up, the political landscape. Anything have you concerned or not?
William Berkley: I think that, I think that we actually have maybe lots to be concerned about. I think it's less about the candidates than it is about the state of our economy and where we are and the uncertainty about that. But I do think it just means that not much is going to get resolved to give people confidence until after the election. So, I think, we're going to continue being an uncertainty I think until after the election and I think that '09 will end up being a year of transition and a year where our industry certainly will be painful in its suffering.
Mike Grasher - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up question, Marc Serafin with Citadel Investment Group.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: Thanks. Quick one on the International. How much of the growth was FX?
William Berkley:  Hardly any.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: And then, when you guys look at your cost base, I mean, what component -- how should we think about fixed versus variable components?
William Berkley: How do you mean?
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: Acquisition costs versus fixed salary and benefit type expenses.
Gene Ballard: We have a 30 point expense ratio. It's roughly $320 million a quarter and I think you could look at 20 points of that as being variable commissions and premium taxes and
William Berkley: I think it's probably, it's just under $200 million is probably variable and probably $110 million, $120 million is fixed.
Marc Serafin - Citadel Investment Group: Thank you.
Operator: Having no further questions, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mr. William Berkley for any additional or closing comments.
William Berkley: Okay. Well, I thank you all for being on the call. As I say, we think the end gets closer as the pain gets greater and we think the pain is going to get much more substantial as we get towards the end of the year. So, we're a lot more optimistic and we have done a lot of things to invest so we're well positioned, so our percentage increases in growth in the next upswing and the fact that it'll be at least as great if not greater than it was in the last. Thank you very much.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-28 09:30:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman and CEO Eugene G. Ballard - Sr. VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill Charles Gates - Credit Suisse Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus Brian Meredith - UBS Laura DeVoe - Fontana Capital Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Tom Powell - Tocqueville Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W. R. Berkeley Corporation first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. [Operator Instructions]. Before we begin we would like to note that the speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believe, expect or estimate. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us that the future plans, estimates or expectations, contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkeley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. I would like now like to turn the call over to William Berkley. Please go ahead sir.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. It was an unusual quarter in some ways and an outstanding quarter and others. I think from our point of view the business continues in general how we expect it to be. Our operating results from an underwriting point of view and from a premium volume point of view would generally in line with our expectations we are pleased with how things are going. As the cycle changes and it has continued to change, things get lumpier, things get somewhat less predictable unit to unit, months to months, basically we are pretty pleased with how things have gone, somewhere where our starts up are starting to generate premium volume, all this have not but we are seeing all the progress we have expected. Our pricing levels overall year-over-year are still down roughly 5%, the biggest price declines have come in the excess of surplus lines areas and non admitted excess of surplus lines areas this is supposed to have really come in our standard work of regional business. When we look out we see continued price deterioration. We think the industry as a whole actually on a year basis is probably not making any underwriting profits at this point in time. We think we have some underwriting profits that we still booking on an actually year basis, so we feel comfortable and were reasonably consistent in our views that the next year will be a bad year for the industry while we think we will continue to do okay. And looking at our various segments, our specialty business in most areas within it was the most competitive and they maintain their discipline and continue to have excellent operating margins. Our regional business was able to hold their volume pretty much. It was impacted by storm activity more than anything else; otherwise, their profitability would have been relatively flat. That continues to be an area that is doing surprisingly well and other than in larger risk areas we have been able to hold on to our business without much price deterioration. The alternative market business has been doing quite well. California workers' comp, very competitive, volume is down, while we still think that business is profitable. We think there are number of competitors that see a higher level of profitability than we do because they are certainly charging a lot less money. Reinsurance area was our biggest decline in volume, roughly 30% decline in volume really across the board. I think that from our point of view that's where we would expect that challenging market to be felt most. It is where the most leverage is and therefore when the underlying companies cut prices and you are forced to cut prices, it is a very quick turn in your underwriting result. So, it is where discipline is required and fortunately for us we really have a terrific group of people who have in fact used that discipline. Our international business continues to grow. We are very pleased with our UK operations where they continue to show the discipline and work towards achieving increased penetration in the right areas that give us opportunities and letting business go to competitors where there is no margin. Our business in Latin America continues to do well and we've gotten to the reinsurance business in our Hong Kong operation and it is a challenging environment as is Australia, but we are quite confident that these opportunities will result in good result for us. But overall, we are pleased with where we are. We continue to see new opportunities with outstanding people who are looking towards places to be where there isn't pressure to write business but it's not profitable and they feel there is a long-term home with people who understand the economics of the insurance business. So we continue to see themes of people, or individuals who offer us opportunities in all areas of the industry and we can continue to take advantage of that. Gene is now going to talk a bit about our financials and then I'll come back and we'll go back to questions.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you, Bill. First quarter net income per share was up 11% to $1.03 compared with $0.93 in the first quarter of 2007. The main reason for the increase in our per share earnings is that our share repurchase program resulted in a 9% reduction and the number of shares used in our EPS calculation. The actual number of shares repurchased in the past 12 months is a total of 25.5 million or about 14% of our outstanding shares and that was purchased at an aggregate cost of about $751 million. Those shares include 10.4 million shares repurchased in the first quarter of 2008, but do not include an additional 1.5 million shares that we purchased so far in the month of April. Although, our net income of $188.4 million was virtually unchanged from the prior year quarter there were several key differences and how we earned it, first our investment income declined by $21 million. We are going to go through those details later, but it was mostly due to lower returns on our arbitrage accounts and to a lesser extent to the use of cash to repurchase stock. Second, slightly higher loss and expense ratios resulted in $33 million less in underwriting profits, that's inline with our expectations with the exception of storm losses, as Bill mentioned it was slightly higher than we expected. And third, we reported after-tax realized gains of $54 million and that's primarily from the sale of our interest in Kiln. On an overall basis our written premiums declined 7.7% to $1.158 billion in the first quarter, more than half of that declined again this quarter was attributable to reinsurance segment and that was primarily as a result of reduced participation in Lloyd's business and lower writings in facultative units. Regional premiums were virtually flat, the rest of the US business was down between 5% and 8% and international premiums were up 27%. Our overall loss ratio increased 1.5 percentage points to 60.8% in the first quarter, compared to 59.3% in last year's first quarter. We booked the current accident year at 65.6% loss ratio, which is 4 percentage point higher than the first quarter of '07 and 3 percentage points over the full year of 2007. The increase reflects our estimated impact of price changes and loss cost trends, as well the higher storm activity in the first quarter, storm losses were $14 million in the first quarter of '08 compared to $6 million in the same period in '07. The accident year loss ratio was offset by favorable result development of $54 million this quarter that compares with $22 million in the prior year quarter. Paid losses are still well below our incurred losses even though this is the second year of decline in premiums, our paid loss ratio was 46.5% and our paid incurred loss ratio was just 76%. Net loss reserves also continue to increase in spite of lower premiums with loss reserves increasing $160 million or 2% in the quarter to approximately $8 billion at March 31st. The expense ratio was up 1.2 percentage points to 29.4%, that's a result of lower premium volume as well as the continuation of some startup cost in our new business that gives us an overall combined ratio of 90.2% for the quarter compared with 87.5% a year ago. Our investment income was $144 million in the first quarter, that's down from $165 million in the prior year quarter and that's due to lower earnings from our alternative investment portfolio. We have about $850 million invested in three arbitrage funds and over $500 million invested in various partnerships and affiliates. And in times like these those investments may have more volatility from quarter-to-quarter, we see this in several areas, we see it in some new investment funds where management funds sometimes incurred before the money is invested. We have seen in our aviation business which we consolidate for financial reporting purposes where revenues and profits can vary significantly based on the number of claims sold from one bundle to the next. In this quarter it was the arbitrage trading account where we were particularly impacted by the severe disruption in the financial market. Arbitrage earnings were down $18 million from $22 million in the first quarter '07 to $4 million this year and although all three arbitrage accounts were profitable in the quarter, the annualized yield was just 2% compared to 11% in the prior period. In addition, income from equity investment including affiliates was down $5 million and the expenditure for share repurchases impacted our investment income by another $7 million. The investment earnings on the rest of the portfolio were actually up 9% in the quarter. Our annualized yield on the overall portfolio was 4.4% compared with 5.5% in the first quarter of '07. As we previously announced, we sold our interest in Kiln in the first quarter. We received $174 million for our shares and reported a realized gain on the sale of 70 million. We bought our interest in Kiln at 2002 and have booked about 50 million since then as our share of their earnings, so that brings our total pre-tax return on an original investment of $55 million to approximately $120 million. This gain was partially offset by an $18 million write-down in the value of certain securities because we considered a decline in their market value to be other than temporary. At the end of the quarter, the investment portfolio totaled $13 billion and we still have net unrealized gains of $65 million before tax. Our overall income tax rate was 29%. That gives us net income of $188 million and annualized return on equity of 21.1% and a book value per share at March 31st of $20.23.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Gene. I might add that that the book value per share would have been roughly $0.50 higher if we hadn't repurchased those shares. So we think it was attractive to repurchase our shares and that made sense for us, but it did dilute our reported book value per share. We continue to be quite optimistic that we'll still be able to maintain high double-digit returns. We expect that even in the next year's more difficult market we'll be able to be above our 15% target. Certainly, the market is getting more difficult and inflation is more and more of a concern. We do believe however that the competitive marketplace is acting a bit differently than it has in the past. A couple of things that give us hope, first of all, in some areas where standard markets have jumped into E&S areas, they've already gotten out of those areas, because they found out very quickly how misprice business can result in the losses. And we have seen intelligent decision-making by some of the large standard markets where they thought they had opportunities and realized that was an error. In addition to that, we think that people are going to be focused much more on their income schemes than on their balance sheets. They're going to continue to manage their balance sheets with repurchases, possibly mergers and other things. We think their income statements are going to start to sharply deteriorate next year. The people are using up redundancies fairly quickly and therefore we continue to be optimistic that the downward spiral ion the cycle should end at 2010. With that I will be happy to answer questions. Gwen? Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We go first to Joshua Shanker with Citi
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Good morning. I don't doubt that you might be correct Bill that the industry is writing at a underwriting breakeven level and heading into a loss for next year, but you are the only one saying so. What do you think that you are seeing that everyone else is denying or maybe they are just talking their own books? And two, do you see this cycle going into the trenches of the '99, 2000 type period?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: First of all no, I don't think its '99 to 2000 type period.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: No, not that, but do you think we can head that direction?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, I don't really think so. I think that, that was in a period of self deception, there was a lot of things going on then, I think the cycle has been prolong, because Andrew came along and caused people to not take action when they should have. I think that people have a lot of accumulated reserve redundancy in the past. I think people are being optimistic. They are not trending in the increased impact of inflation going forward. They are looking backwards in inflation factors, not forwarded inflation factors. They are relying on mathematical models that predict the future by looking backward instead of saying well we need to think about what's going on ahead of time. I just think that people are being more optimistic than they should. And maybe in fact that I'm just mistaken and we've gotten to be less good underwriters and they have gotten to be better underwriters that wouldn't surprise me however. I think that if you look historically going back over a very long period of time we've written a book of business with results that have been between 5 and 10.7 in the industry and I looked at what I think are actually results are on new business and that would tell me that the industry is certainly at best approaching breakeven and actually the best.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: And in terms of the modification in your investment strategy what sort of timeline are you using to judge the success of making these changes?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: First of all I understand, we're making it in modest amounts and we're continuing to do things that we think would give us multiple returns in different ways. So we are looking at things that are potential opportunities that will benefit us in our insurance business, in our investment returns and potentially in our income statement. So we are trying to look at total returns. So just as, we had an extraordinarily good relationship with the current people, we learned a lot from them, they were just fabulous people and we couldn't have been happier with our investment there, and with our relationship with an outstanding management team. And we gained in lots of ways from participating in reinsurance with them from ownership and from getting a much more in depth understanding of the London market. We like that kind of things, so we came up with a great capital gain. We came up with earnings. We came with increased knowledge and insight. So, we are looking for all kinds of things that fit that criteria and we are continuing to do that. So, we wouldn't invest in an ostrich farm but we would invest in insurance brokerage business where we thought the people were talented. We would invest in other kinds of things that we thought brought insight to our business model and way to greater knowledge and leverage on things we do. So, we are looking at that all over.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Okay. Thanks. Don't count out the ostrich farm yet, but thank you very much though.
Operator: We will go next to Ken Billingsley with Signal Hill.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Good morning. First of all just a quick question on reserve releases. Did you say it was $54 million for the quarter?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's right.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Versus $22 million in the first quarter of '07?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That's right.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Okay. Great. On the investment accounts, on specifically the arbitrage funds, given the definition of what arbitrage is supposed to be, is this just a timing issue or was it ?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: First just a couple of things, first of all, less deals, our biggest arbitrage account is only half invested. So, therefore -- not as fully invested, so a big part of that is cash at the moment. Second of all, we made money in all our arbitrage accounts, we didn't get stuck in lots of these broken deals but because we have these more conservative investors accounts, there isn't as much to do with the moment. In addition to which the spreads on the more conservative deals have not been as wide because there are fewer deals more people looking at fewer deals now as the spread. So it's the combination of those two, but the biggest one is that there weren't as many deals being done because financing wasn't available.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: And on stock buyback, obviously, I am assuming you are going to continue with I guess the kind of robust focus their given though lack of opportunities right now?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our view has been the same and that is we would not basically reduce our capital levels below to where they were. New earnings would be used to buyback stock. We didn't find opportunities to expand. But there are opportunities. They are the ones we found they don't require much capital, but I shouldn't lead you to believe there are opportunities. There are not opportunities to buy things nor a lot of things we see to grow significantly, but there are still opportunities and given that they would give us returns higher than buying back our own stock we would pursue them.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: And then loss cost trends, you mentioned that been nothing. You are not the only one that's mentioned increasing loss cost trends in general. Can you talk to what you are seeing where the change is occurring. Is it a change in the policies and the way they have been written that is making them look as if loss cost trends are increasing or terms and conditions unchanged and this is actually a fundamental change in the marketplace in general.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No fundamental change, no loss cost increasing. It's our perception of what's going on with inflation and looking out. It's not a change in average losses or anything like that. It's just simply an examination of where things are going actually in settlement have been reasonably good. So its not, hey we have this issues, its changing, its really, this is a business that you have to look ahead and what we are seeing is ultimately loss cost trends follows inflation, medical inflation as well as primary inflation, medical cost to increase and they continue to increase, therefore we have look at what we are going to eventually pay not what we currently paying. So, its our estimate when we look ahead that loss cost trends are going to higher. It isn't based on what's happening today.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Because its an expectation, not an experience.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It is expectation, but unfortunately that's the nature of our business, we have to make those expectations when we establish our prices and when we establish our reserves.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: And base on your history and way the market history in general, when companies start setting those expectations do they tend to be true in this environment? As people see that there is money up there, do the claims tend to follow that?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Okay.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And the answer that the claims do not necessarily follow reserves, but claims do tend to follow inflation however.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Last question here is, heard from a few, from on a broker and as a underwriter that mention that in particular regions and on specific lines of business that underwriters are beginning to pay boosted commissions to place the business and get some of the business, so they can grow certain lines in books of their business, are you experiencing that in competition and are you guys doing that may be particular lines as well?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don't believe we are doing it any place, not to say that there isn't one line and company that we might be doing it, I don't think we are. As far as I know it doesn't happen any place. I think, they probably a couple small companies that are extremely aggressive but they probably don't need to because their prices are so low they get the business anyway.
Ken Billingsley - Signal Hill: Very good, thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Charles Gate with Credit Suisse
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: Hi, good morning. Could you elaborate on the competitive environment in excess and surplus line? In your initial remarks you indicated that you saw some standard markets withdrawals to the extent you can would you also speak to that?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think first of all the access in surplus lines best business. Its business that leaves the standard market as the market gets hard because the standard market starts to get a sharper pencil and do more analytics about what's good in their business and what's not so good. So they say in health spas, health spas that have tanning salons are bringing us 85% of our losses and getting us 15% of our premiums, so we are not going to write back. Well you have four or five years of good business and all of a sudden you say, how can we expand this business? So you decide why we have this exclusions pertaining salon? So you start to write tanning salons when you are writing your health spa business. And all of a sudden, in a year you start to get your losses, so I'd now answered both questions at once. They started to write all the tanning salons included in the health spas at accorded to the price we charged they got the business back and they instantly realized people got sunburns and there were all kinds of claims and they got out of the business very quickly, because the truth is most of the big companies have better information systems. They know what they are doing and that's really why I'm more optimistic about the cycle turning somewhat more quickly than I think some of my competitors think. I think -- so, I think that's an example Charlie of both, but I think that the E&S -- most of the people in the E&S business are being reasonably disciplined. I think that you do have some new Bermuda people who are getting into the long tail lines of business and the E&S area is being one of them, and I think that that is also impacting it a little bit. So, you know, I think that those are two areas, but I think the business certainly that we are writing -- our retention rates are down a little bit, but the business is still pretty good and I think we are still riding at a substantial underwriting margin.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: In answering one of the earlier questions, I think you opined that it was a different competitive environment than '99 and 2000.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: Could you elaborate on that?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, I think in '99 and 2000 people weren't paying attention to the money. They were much more concerned about growth. You know, we're at a mode in the world where growing was everything, getting bigger. It was an environment where growth took over profitability and everybody wanted to grow and analyst on calls like this focused on top line more than they did on bottom line, more than they did on returns, and people got rewarded for growth without respect to discipline profitability or even understanding what they were doing.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: In your former remarks, I think you made reference through a fact that larger accounts were more competitive. Roughly, where do you think larger accounts come in? What did you mean by a larger account?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I would say a year ago when this started it was sort of 250,000. I say today we are at 100,000-150,000 and that's one of the things that's commenced the movement of the cycle. Probably, six or eight months or a year from now that number may start to dip down below 100,000. But that is the issue that's there. That desire to compete at a lower level and the reason big accounts are what people compete for is very simply is how you can get more premium volume easier and its one of the cornerstones you have to understand. A lot of these companies don't have the capacities to write a large volume of business. They only can deal with the small volume of business and they are going to get a lot of premium for that. Therefore, they have to have large accounts.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: What is the principle reason why reinsurance writings are down so much?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that first of all in our facultative area, we price on our own. So we don't base it as a percentage of what they charge. We have established if you will a primary price for an excess layer of business and we are finding some of our pricing is higher than the primary pricing is getting for their business. So it's hard for them to buy reinsurance. They have prices that are more expensive than they are getting for their primary layers which is one of the reasons we are little pessimistic about the results for the underlying industry. The second piece is, in the PD [ph] area and a couple of other things that we are doing in other places we are finding that, the terms and conditions and ability to deal with some of the larger companies in the industry and what they want to do for buy insurance causes to elect not to participate on some of those GDs. And then there is some people they are saying, hey, I don't want to give business away, I need the premium, why should I buy reinsurance, I have enough capital. So, I think its those reasons.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: My final question, I realize Safeco was largely a personal lines company, what do you think is the impact of the Liberty Mutual, Safeco acquisition on the commercial lines cycle?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don't think it has much impact, I think it was a great deal for Ted Kelly and a great deal for Liberty and I think that it was a great deal for Paula Reynolds for Safeco. I think it was Liberty Mutual lines to get out of the West Coast. I think Safeco was clearly the best company out there and it fit the strategy of Liberty. They have a lower hurdle rate for cost to capital, because they are Mutual. And I think that, I don't know whether it was the right price or the wrong price, but they got the premier participant available to them in the West Coast so I think it was a great deal for Kelly and Liberty. And I think for Paula she got her shareholder, given the environment, given where things a really excellent deal. So, I think it was a good deal for everybody. And I don't think it will have a big effect on commercial line side.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions on reserves. First of all could you give the breakdown by segment?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We really generally don't do that but of course if you want to call to Gene afterward, I am sure we'll phone you.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. As a matter of strategy are the reserve releases that you have been reporting in recent quarters are function of same things settled to less in the reserve or that reassessment of the cost?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a combination of how claims are settling out and how comfortable people are in the operating units. It's a constant dialogue that happens between our actuaries here, our financial people here, our senior vice president is here the people running the company and it's a conclusion that there is a level of reserves that we're willing to tolerate being conservative and at some point in time as things start settle out, you start seeing well. You really need to justify not doing something. So it's a continuing dialogue as the environment changes as claim settlement changes, and I think that we try not to push people too hard as to take the reserves down, we try and do is have their negotiations that takes place. Everyone running an operating company always wants to have little extra there because that way they are not going to deliver surprise to us. So, it's serve a combination, or its not, this is that is how it is, this is ongoing negotiation.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. When you look out at broader economy, do you think that the conditions that limited the merger arbitrage up to in this in the first quarter continued to the rest of the year?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I am inclined to think that in the short run you may be in the second quarter you will see some of that but there are a lot of companies that are in good shape and they are looking to find companies that are not. So, my inclination is they are going to be more industrial transactions as the year goes along, so that gap is going to change. And candidly, I think the other piece is that big chunks of merger arbitrage are done by investment banks and hedge funds who may not have as much liquidity and as much money focused on the merger arb business as they did a year ago, so spreads might in fact widen a little bit. But it's really hard to prognosticate that area of the business. My own inclination is that second half will be much more active than the first half as companies get a little bit more of a handle on what's going on try to seize opportunities.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: And one nitpicky question if I can? I guess given that tax rate on net investment income went down either sequentially or year-over-year. Is that more a function of the fact that there were less income from merger arbitrage or?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, it was municipal bond. We have a bigger -- the differential between the municipal bonds and corporate got much narrower, so we were bigger investors in municipals.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Yes, thanks. One quick question, I've number of questions -- the Kiln sale. What's the drag would it be going forward on a quarterly earnings basis, like $1 million or $2 million I think what I calculated, is that right?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Kiln was an up and down. I would guess, it's probably more like $3 million but it has yield well. We didn't show the cash, but we also picked up $175 million -- $170 million of cash during that.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: So, even investing that at an okay rate would diminish that net differential to quite a bit less.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Great. And then Bill, my next question here. If I look at your year-over-year increase in your loss picks, excluding capacity losses here, it's quite a bit higher than most of the other commercial line carriers reporting write-down. I guess, the question is, is it one, your mix of business relative to some of the other commercial line carriers. Two, do you think you are just much more conservatively at loss picks or three, is everybody else just lying about their loss picks?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, let's just say, there is a lot of complexity in the question because we would never want to accuse any of our competitors being anything other than 100% honest. I think that we are being cautious and pessimistic because we had a very painful '99 and 2000 and I was only two storeys up before when I thought about jumping out of the window. Now I am four storeys up, I actually might get hurt. So I don't want to have losses. We want to be able to continue to report reasonable result, and therefore being cautious in how you establish your loss picks is a good thing. I think there may be some level of conservatism in our part, some level of optimism on our competitor's part, but as I said four storeys I might not survive the jump.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Thanks Bill.
Operator: We will go next to Laura DeVoe [ph] with Fontana Capital.
Laura DeVoe - Fontana Capital: Good morning. Thanks for taking my call. I just had a question on the investment portfolio and related to $5 million First Mobile Head [ph] shares which I believe you own. Please confirm that that's in your portfolio and then if so, just talk about what the accounting treatment is and the impact to earnings and book value and whether or not you experienced any unrealized or realized losses on that stock, was it part of the 18 million that you had mentioned earlier?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We don't own any First Mobile head [ph] stocks.
Laura DeVoe - Fontana Capital: No. Okay. That makes it easy. Thank you very much.
Operator: We will go next to Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And by the way, we never did own First Mobile Head stocks. Go ahead, Jay. I am sorry.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: It's okay. Thanks. Most of my questions were answered. On the arbitrage account, how much flexibility do you have to take money out of that and redeploy, when in fact the activity is pretty low?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We have all flexibility to take out.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And is that something you have been contemplating on doing?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't ever, since ever, in recent past we haven't -- and we actually have talked about in the biggest of the arbitrage account having more flexibility there and we have discussed it yet. And it's something we may well do, but we have lots of short-term cash, so I think that what we are more likely to do is just find a better way to invest the short-term cash. We still have well over $1 billion, actually probably $1.5 billion of short-term investments of our own. So, we would change the money from the arbitrage account to our own short-term account, which might somewhat improve the results and it would make arbitrage look better, but it wouldn't change our overall income line.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. Thanks.
Operator: We will go next to Steve Cab [ph] with Tocqueville.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: It is Tom Powell [ph]. Thank you. On your investments, did you have any write-downs in the overall investments that go through comprehensive income, or because, you took realized gains, but if you had, I just want to know if you had any valuations that went -- negative valuations that went through comprehensive income?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Hold on a minute.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean the net unrealized gains were $67 millions at the beginning of the quarter and after tax $52 million at the end of the quarter, so that change -- that's the change that went to OCI.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: So, about $12 million?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: $15 million.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: $15 million roughly.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: Yes, thank you. Now next involving investments. Do you have -- are all your investments valued at market value, whether it is read only market values or how much of your investments are value at fair value that you determine?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Almost all of it, the only thing it wouldn't be at fair value would be the small amount of investments we have in private equity transaction.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I would say we have a $150 million that are at other than fair market value. And that just serves the private equity investment.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: Okay. Now with the reduced premiums written and your projection as I see it further reduced premiums being written, is there going to be a corresponding reduction in the overhead expenses?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: For the first, I believe that premium will go down modestly, but no I would not expect the overhead will go down very significantly. This policy count doesn't goes down and in fact there is probably more stuff to do. Incentive compensation will probably go down, but that's the only thing that
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: So there isn't much room for reducing this area?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Not a great consequently.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: On this lines of invest these income and invest these expenses, which both went up about $20 million like almost a match in a car relation. Could you please review what that represents and why it moves like that?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Its one investment is a couple of aviation businesses we own on fixed based operators and it's a somewhat cyclical business based on how we sell airplanes and a bunch of other things. And while it's predictable over a year, it is not so predictable on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's in terms of profit, in terms of the revenue change. That's because we got into the business.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, we bought another business.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: I mean so there is hope that you are going to be making money in this business. You mentioned then on the sale of this Kiln that you got $175 million in cash.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: $172 million.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: Alright. And that you realized in the past about $3 million quarterly -- I mean annual income from it?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Quarterly earnings.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: Quarterly? So, that was $12 million, is that right?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, what I see -- the question wasn't that, the question was what would be a fair estimate of the average annual impact and it was lumpy and if you go back a couple of years it was higher, it was a variation. The question was asked in a different context and there were a lot of relationships with Kiln.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: Well, what I am trying to ascertain is whether there is going to be a net decrease in income in '08 because of the sale?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And that's what the fellow -- that's what he was trying to do when I said to him that the quarterly numbers were roughly $3 million, maybe $4 million and we had effectively $170 million that we will be able to invest that will give us investment income, which would probably give us a $2 million after-tax as the current municipal bond rates, so there will be some modest impact.
Tom Powell - Tocqueville: Alright. Thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Heleniak with Ferris, Baker Watts.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Hi, good morning. Just two quick questions: the service business revenue was up versus last year, I guess it was a little surprising that it was down for several quarters, anything to read into that, any major change?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. American Mining has a contract where they have some service revenue that was due and the key risk has been able to grow bit and it did quite well in the quarter. They just performed really well. I don't think it should be budgetary although where we think American Mining has some real opportunities to expand.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. And, I was wondering if you can go ahead talk about that acquisition as well? Is that performing kind of in line with the expectations or a little bit better since you?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We are very pleased with this people. We are very pleased with the company. It was a great opportunity for us and it put us in a position to get involved in the extractive industries, which is something we really felt is a long-term global future and this was a way to get in and start to learn about the business in the way they gave as a good return with really outstanding piece.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. I appreciate your patience. How much of the growth in the international segment was foreign exchange?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Not very much, because, you know, there hasn't been the huge change, we don't have a lot of euro-based transactions, sterling is the biggest currency and then you got to remember it goes the other way for Argentina, so that wasn't very much. We grew by opening in Brazil. We expanded in Spain. We establish a new division that's doing global construction which is really engineering business. It's not like construction business in the US, so that's really what it is. So it's real growth in business, not exchange.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah. When you look at pricing for smaller deals, along the lines of American Mining, does the pricing kind of reflect what's going on with public traded insurance?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There are no standards. I think that -- you know, there are some companies that are smaller companies that have management, they want a great future and they really go out and select the people they want to do deals with just like teams of people do and then there are other public companies that only are interested or primarily are interested in finding the deals that's okay for the people to get the very best price. So, I think there is a wide range of opportunities out there. I think we'll get it through and through and there isn't rule of thumb that I could tell you what it is or how it is. It really depends on the alignment of management and ownership and all kinds of things and we're hopeful we find the right mix. But we've always had a hard time buying a lot of stuffs because we are cheap and being cheap there aren't a lot of things that have the quality characteristics we have in mind and the people in mind, then the price in mind. So we hope we can find some people that we are able to do deals with but one time with us.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: And I guess lastly, is the percentage of your premiums written that represents the property business, is that shrinking more rapidly?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Maybe yeah. I would say it serves very slightly that it's slightly more rapidly. I think our facultative property is gone down more quickly than our casualty facultative business. So my guess is that it's happening but it's not an overwhelming thing, although as in property fact we have seen that happen substantially. And we also, we really -- we had a consortium interest with Kiln in small way writing cap business and it was a very small thing, but it was property business and we are out of that now.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We go next to Charles Gate with Credit Suisse.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: Only one more question. You've had this dramatic increase in unemployment, I guess there are 200,000 more people unemployed today as opposed to January 1st. You had this dramatic increase in the price of oil. As you look at the coverages that company writes, which lines do you think would be most impacted by this change in the economic environment? And that's my last question.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't limit questions Charlie.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think obviously workers' comp is going to be impacted. Our construction business is going to be impacted. We have some people who are going to start building some divisions that they actually never started. Clearly transportation business is impacted because price of fuel is reducing the amount people drive -- that long haul truckers drive, and they are being more conscience of the speed limits because better fuel economy starts to mean real dollars. So, I think it is having impacts all across the board. I think that so far we haven't seen any particular problems in workers' comp, although, they -- you know, these things do price these. Employment is still pretty strong and you know, I think that the biggest impact I would guess is at this point in our long haul trucking business and our trucking business in general.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: And that's Carolina casualty?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That's Carolina but we ride local trucking in other places too.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: How big is the construction book?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don't go through that overall. I think it's basically -- it is basically part of our E&S business and we ride a little bit in the regional business.
Charles Gates - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any closing remarks.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all. Astonishingly in spite of what the environment is, we are really very optimistic about the year and about next year. We think we will be able to continue to deliver good returns and take advantage of opportunities. We are continuing to see opportunities. We see new teams of people being added every week and we feel confident we will be at great position to take advantage of this when the market turns and we think we will be able to deliver those more than adequate returns to the balance of the cycle. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That does conclude today's conference. You may now disconnect

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman and CEO Eugene G. Ballard - Sr. VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co. Brian Meredith - UBS William Wilt - Morgan Stanley Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome to the W. R. Berkeley Fourth Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words including, without limitation, believe, expect or estimate. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as a representation by us in the future plans, estimates or expectations, contemplated by us will be in fact... will in fact the achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and our other filings made with the SEC for a description of the business environment in which we operate and the important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkeley Corporation is not under any obligation or expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. William R. Berkley, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Please go ahead sir.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Hi. We are very pleased with the quarter and with the year. I think that recognizing that our results continue to strengthen and our results continue to be excellent. Overall, we are pleased with where we stand. The market is getting softer without a doubt. Prices are down year-over-year, something approaching 5%. This is on top of the decline last year of a little more than 3%, so you've had decline in price for 2005 to now of about 8% on average. It varies from prices actually increasing in some lines of business, to be down somewhat more than 8% over the past two years. But there was... there is lots of margin, business still continues to... with the... written at... underwriting profits although, things are certainly moving in the wrong direction at the present time. Before I talk about each areas of business, I am going to let Gene Ballard, our Chief Financial Officer, talk about our financial results.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay. Well as Bill said, we've finished 2007 with another strong quarter. Our operating return on equity was 22% which makes more than five years of consecutive quarters with an ROE above 20% and our operating income per share was $0.97, that's up from $0.96 a year ago. For the full year, our operating earnings per share were up 9% at $3.73, which is also a return on equity of 22%. Our per share earnings reflect the impact of our ongoing stock repurchase program and the repurchase of 15.2 million shares in 2007 of which 3.2 million shares were purchased in the fourth quarter. The average cost of those shares was $30.12 for the full year and $28.93 in the fourth quarter. We still have 16 million shares available for repurchase under the repurchase authorization. Our net premiums written were $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter, which was an overall decline from 5.5% from the prior-year period. But if you look at all the businesses other than reinsurance, you will see that they performed much better than the average of the modest decline of 0.3% in the quarter. The regional and international premiums were up 3% and 23% respectively, while the Specialty and Alternate markets premiums were down 5% and 4% respectively. Reinsurance business on the other hand has been much more competitive in both the treaty and facultative market and our reinsurance premiums were down 30% in the quarter. We have seen significant declines in reinsurance business throughout 2007. Our treaty premiums for all of 2007 were $287 million, down 15%; our facultative premiums were $224 million, down 12%. Lloyd's premiums were $131 million, down 10% and all other reinsurance premiums where $40 million, down 25%. Our overall loss ratio was 58.9% in the fourth quarter compared to 59.6% in last year's fourth quarter. Reserve releases in the quarter were $34 million, compared to reserve increases of $7 million in the preceding year quarter. And for all of 2007 reserve releases totaled a $105 million, with most of that coming from the Specialty segment. That compares with reserve increases at $27 million for all of 2006. Weather-related losses were minimal in the quarter at $3 million, down slightly from $8 million a year ago and our paid-loss ratio was 46% in the fourth quarter, 42% for the full year, as our loss payments continue to run well below our expected loss payouts. At year end 2007, our net loss reserves were $7.8 billion which is an increase of $221 million for the quarter and $875 million or 12% for the full year. IBNR reserves were $4.7 billion and now represent 60% of our overall reserves and approximately 100% of our earned premium for 2007. The expense ratio was 29.8% in the quarter, compared to 27.4% in the prior year. That increase reflects the impact of lower premium volume as well as higher accruals for contingent commissions and the continuation of start up cost for some of our new business. So, overall our combined ratio was 88.7 for the quarter with combined ratios by segment of 85.3 for specialty, 90.9 for regional, 85.4 for alternative markets, 97.4 for reinsurance and 87.9 for international. The carrying value of our investment portfolio was $13.2 billion at the end of the year. That includes $11 billion of fixed income securities, $855 million of arbitrage securities and approximately, $1.3 billion invested in common and preferred stocks and in partnerships and affiliates. Our municipal holdings made up approximately $5.2 billion of fixed income investments at year end. And you'll see on page nine of this quarter's earnings release that we have showed... shown the ratings profile for the municipal portfolio. Approximately half of the municipals are uninsured and have an average rating of AA plus. In the other half that is insured, has an average rating for the underlying security, that's without considering any insurance enhancement, of AA minus. And the aggregate for all the fixed income cum securities, the average rating with insurance enhancement is also AA plus and without enhancement is a straight AA. Page nine also presents some details on the residential mortgage-backed securities which totaled $1.6 billion at year end and as the schedule shows, most of those mortgage-backed securities were issued by government or government-sponsored agencies and there are no sub-prime exposures. Our earnings from the investment portfolio were $173 million in the fourth quarter, up 5% from a year ago. The average yield on the overall portfolio was 5.3%, down from 5.6% in the prior-year quarter. On the tax equivalent basis that is adjusting for the tax benefit of municipals, the average yield is 6.1% for both of fourth quarter and the full year. For the arbitrage trading account, the average yield was 6.8% in the quarter down from 11.8% in the prior-year period. And the overall duration of the fixed income portfolio was 3.4 years at year-end. On a cost basis, the carrying value the portfolio increased 11% for the year, as our operating cash flow continues to be strong with the cash flow of $350 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $1.5 billion for the full year. Of course, both investment and investment income are less than they otherwise would be, as a result of the stock repurchases which totaled $450 million. All that gives is an ROE of 22% and a growth in book value per share, again after stock repurchases of 14% on a pro forma basis adjusted for the stock repurchases, book value per share grew by 19%.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Gene. Unfortunately I might add that while we believe over a period of three or four years, stock repurchases benefit all those individual numbers, in the short run they do tend to confuse them and in some cases have an adverse impact. Let me try and take you through the general outlook about our business, first by segment and then overall. Specialty business, a very competitive, it is the place where the business now is being entered by new competitors. Lots of the people in Bermuda who were primarily reinsurers who decided specialty business is attractive and the marginal specialty business is now being entered by the standardized companies, who soften their underwriting standards to accept certain kinds of risks that heretofore were viewed as not acceptable and went to the excess in surplus alliance market. So it's a place where we're concerned about our volume. The reinsurance business has been the first place where volumes has been hit as Gene mentioned and it's an easy place to just enter and in both those areas, it's not only pricing that's gotten soft but terms and conditions, especially things moving over from the E&S market to the standard markets. The terms and conditions of the policies are substantially different. So, it's much more attractive to move to that standard market. The same is true in the reinsurance market. People are accepting business without the kinds of safeguards and verifications that we think are necessary. So reinsurance down substantially in premium volume and we see our specialty business beginning to be impacted on a greater level than our standard market business. Regional business pretty much holding its own, prices are down modestly, very modestly probably less than 1% overall. We are pretty pleased with where they stand. The biggest risks in that market are being impacted the most, the smaller risks the least. But that business continues to do well and hold its own. Alternative Market business; the core parts of the business continues to do well. The service areas where we're managing assigned risks plans and so forth are being adversely impacted, because when you are in a softening market, less business goes with the assigned risk plans. So you're seeing business we leave there. In the International area, we are pleased with the results and we are holding up well in Argentina. Berkley Europe continues to do well, although pressure there is beginning to increase and we're seeing London markets becoming more competitive. Overall, our new businesses which are spread amongst a number of divisions are contributing to our business, but not in enormous amount. They are inline with our expectations with almost everyone at/or exceeding our expectations with one exception. Overall, we think business will be okay for us for 2008. We think our returns are clearly going to go down. It'll be struggle for us to make 20% return and it's certainly is going to be difficult. We're not ready at this point to make a forecast, although we're optimistic that business will continue to be good. 20% is what we're hoping for the year. But at this point in time, investment income softer, how many shares will we repurchase, there's lots of issues out there. We're pretty comfortable where we stand however. I think that our balance sheet at the moment is not particularly leveraged. Our capital account is strong. We've continued to list the crises that have affected many of our competitors. In the case of sub-prime, not only do we have no consequential investments in sub-prime, not only did we avoid some of those kinds of risks, but from an insurance point of view we have no consequential exposures as far as we can see. I think a lot of people have said we have no exposure and if you'd listen to everyone in greater composite that means there'll be no losses in the insurance industry for sub-prime which is not what we think. But we think that the losses will be focused on financial institutions. They will be focused on mortgage brokers and real estate agents and those kinds of things and we don't have a lot of exposure in those areas. I am sure we will have some losses as will every insurance company in some way or other, because it's likely the losses, like every other kind of very large loss, people will be searching their pockets to contribute. We don't think it is going to be of anything substantial for us. In general, we are pleased with the year. We are pleased with the quarter. The environment is going to continue to get more competitive. We continue to look for niche opportunities where we think we can find ways of doing business. We see them out there, whether we can do transactions or expand into those areas. One never knows, but we are optimistic that we will be able to continue to deliver outstanding returns. With that I am happy to answer any questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. [Operator Instructions]. And we will take a question from Charles Gate with Credit Suisse.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Hi, good morning.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Charlie.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: I have three questions, two are numbers questions. My first; the reduction in reserves for earlier losses during the period were $34 million?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes sir.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. The second, I didn't understand footnote number two, on page six of your news release?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Footnote number two on page six. The fourth quarter weather-related losses were $3 million and $8 million, respectively. For the full year of 2007 and 2006, weather-related losses were $34 million and $39 million, respectively.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: I guess we are in a different footnote number, right? The one where it shows representing insured bonds for which the underlying securities are not rated?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it's not on page six.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Page nine.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: I am sorry.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You might have read the page digit as upside down. Okay. Represents insured bonds for the underlying securities that are... well there is some... we see number two, the $155 million.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Got you.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Those are not rated, but there are a number of people who have issues with the bonds don't get rated for some reason or other. Frequently, when they get rated, they are put behind a guarantor or there are small issues, but the same issuer has a rated bond with the same characteristics. So it would be that where we have an identical issue or with the same exact terms, conditions and so forth, but they didn't get that peculiar bond rated for some reason or the other.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: And the other thing I would like to add to that Bill is, on the table we put those in the NR category, but when we calculated the overall average rating for the portfolio, we treated them as BBB minus. So, which is very conservative, we didn't give tem a zero for non-rated but we treated them with a very conservative rate, even tough we consider them all to be investment grade, based on the ratings of similar securities for the same issuers.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In other words, what we did was sort of confusion. And that is when we took the ratings for the comparable securities with the same terms and conditions, it would have been A. But since we were making the assumption that, that would be the ratings we chose to use a lower rating for the average, because the accountants want to be conservative. But it wouldn't have changed the average Charlie, if they had used that as they assured me. But it wouldn't have gone to higher than a AA, whether they used an A or BBB minus, the average would have been AA.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Could you elaborate... this is my third question, could you elaborate on the comment that you made in your prepared remarks about standard market companies seeking to build basically positions in excess and surplus volumes. It was... the Bermuda Company is doing the same thing.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all they really do two different things. The Bermuda companies are trying to get in the excess and surplus lines business, through wholesalers just in the same way we are in this business. The standard markets are doing some thing different. They are trying to extend or by amending the kind of underwriting guidelines they use; for example, a simple example would be, someone who write restaurants but they don't write sushi restaurants, because if you sell sushi, you have certain inherent additional exposures because of raw fish and all that. Well they took away the exception we don't write sushi restaurants, that which would have in the past gone into the E&S market, they now totally become qualified for the standard markets. A health club is where probably not really in the standard market, they were marginal. So in 2006 they have decided that health clubs were okay and in 2007 they decided health clubs and tanning machines were okay. So what they are... is they're changing their underwriting guidelines to allow things that have heretofore have gone into the E&S marketplace, come back into the standard market. The real problem is that they are charging standard market rates. So, what will ultimately happen here is they are going to charge for that risk half or even a quarter of what the E&S market would have charged. So, it will prove to be unprofitable in a few years and will go back into the E&S market.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: If you were an analyst and you were sitting here in New York, how would you attempt... and it's my last question, how would you attempt to monitor them?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first of all, you told me you're going to ask three and now you asked a fourth.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: I apologize.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But that's all right. Second of all, I think it's a very difficult thing to monitor. I think that the most important thing to look at it is if you see someone growing substantially, you probably have to start to ask more questions. This is not a market where growth is going to be attainable very easily. When you see the overall insurance marketplace declining by 5%, 6%, which is what price declines are, it's difficult to grow, but it can grow. You can add new lines of business, you can expand, you can buy things and there are opportunities. But anyone who is growing I think requires or analysts ask a lot more questions.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll move to Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks, good morning. I am trying to think how to ask this. Is the underwriting cycle that we're in now, deteriorating faster than previous cycles?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think it's deteriorating faster. I think there are a couple of things that are happening that are different. I think first of all many people are releasing reserves much more quickly. So you're seeing the historic redundancies coming out more quickly, because people are worried about redundancies. I think that there is less total craziness. There is not anyone out there whose being a lunatic at the moment. There are people who are being aggressive. I think that what people haven't figured out is that in a general sense, if your price is down 8% over two years and inflation of let's just say 6, 7 or 8, you have 15% change in pricing and that means it's going to be very hard for many companies to report underwriting profits and investment income especially if you have any kind of a short-term portfolio. It's going to be at pretty low levels. So I think that we have very quickly gone to where profitability for certainly average underwriting companies is going to be gone in 08. I think good underwriting companies will still have good profitability in 08, but not as good as it was. So I think the end result of those things is the cycle will take people down and I think there are going to be people who will generally be reporting numbers more quickly and more accurately and I think that's a part of the results to Sarbanes Oxley. But I think you are unlikely to get this huge build-up of short reserves that you've seen in the past. And I think that because of how bad things were in the last cycle in 99 and 2000, I think there is a lot more attention being paid to the situation, in this case. So I think overall, I don't think the business itself is any different. I think how it's reported and how people are reacting is a bit different. I think that there is a lot more people looking at things with mathematical models which creates their own problem. Though, I think that you are going to see more truth in labeling and I think that's going to make the cycle to be more honest. So it will look like it's happening more quickly.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks for great thorough. With regard to the Bermuda coming into the specialty lines through the wholesale brokers, is there any... can you just talk on, maybe changing the compensation structure for the wholesale agents that are competitive too?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that I am sure some of the wholesale brokers would like that's be the case, but I think that it's in our best view not something that's here now and we certainly are not going to consequently change the compensation of wholesale brokers.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Okay.Thank you so much.
Operator: And Brian Meredith with UBS will have our next question.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Good morning, couple of quick questions here. First, on the reinsurance; there was anything unusual in the quarter as far as unearned premium going out or something just because there's a big drop off we saw underwritten in the year and the expense ratio popping up a little bit?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes and the expense ratio I think which had more to do with contingent commission accruals.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Contingent commission accruals, right. Yes, I think we had a substantial contingent commission accrual on some of that. But I think that there wasn't a lot for... I think that, or generally speaking I think that we have really been pretty selective about getting out of certain segments of the reinsurance business and the facultative area much to our surprise was softer than we would have expected.
Brian Meredith - UBS: And following up on that Bill, are you yourself trying to take the opportunity to actually buy additional reinsurance you had won. I mean is there... we're getting to the point in the market where you can arbitrage the reinsurance marketplace, given what's going on with terms conditions in pricing?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well one of the problems with arbitrage reinsurance is you have to have reinsurers who have the capacity to pay them.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And a number of people have tried that and haven't always paid. I think that there certainly are some aggressive reinsurers who will be around and as you can do that. But we don't think the best strategy to follow at the moment. But even if we do, we wouldn't say it because then we couldn't do it.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Understood. And last question, looking at your loss picks for 2007, looks like they are roughly 150 basis points on average across the company. Given that pricing continues to deteriorate here and maybe a little bit quicker than it was part of 07, should we expect loss picks kind of similarly to go up by 150 and maybe even worst than 200 basis points in 08?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, first of all I think, there are of more than 150 points. You have to adjust the fact that we try and take out any what we think would be redundancies from the prior years. So I think our loss picks are probably up more like 300 basis points than a 150 to where we thought to be and maybe in some cases as much as 400 basis points. We think that probably sort of reflects where we think our pricing is at the moment, recognizing that some of that is our best estimate from where we look on our expected redundancies that we're pretty confident though. If anything, we think that our current loss picks and the ones for 2005, 2006 and 2007 continues to be parts of services. We're always looking for something bad to happen and just because something bad hasn't happened doesn't mean they won't. And one of the things we pride ourselves on is we in spite of what some of our people will evaluate our company for rating agencies, I think we have an embedded risk management system that is everyone who works for us and who runs the company is scared to death of being stupid. So we try very hard to look ahead and I think that we are concerned that there is something bad out there, because that's been the history of the industry.
Brian Meredith - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And next we'll move to Bill Wilt with Morgan Stanley.
William Wilt - Morgan Stanley: Hey, good morning.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
William Wilt - Morgan Stanley: Couple questions. First California workers comp, looks like data coming out of the WCIRB late last year showed an upward inflexion point in medical loss trends and in California workers comp. I was wondering if you are seeing the same thing or have any observations about trends, medical trends in the workers comp plan?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In general medical costs overall in the whole industry have been the real risk Bill for cost inflation, the overall inflation's been zero. 1.5% or 2% of medical inflation has been 6%, 8%, 10% depending on where and what. Certainly better cost inflation in California is substantial, is a concern. There is lots of stuff going on. Everybody is worried about the impact in California. I would say in general, things have in fact stopped getting better in California and they are getting somewhat worse, since prices have come done and it's still a profitable line of business. It's just not as wonderful as it was. On the other hand if you go back prior to sort of 2002. It was a pretty terrible line of business for a long time. I guess on average, it's probably been a breakeven line of business. In the aggregate to the prior kind of 15 years and now it's reasonably and rationally profitable, but it's not wonderful results that we saw for a few years.
William Wilt - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's great. And the second one very general question, Bill how do you think about the intersection of... sounds like a rapidly softening market and arguably I guess the rapidly, softening economy in what term. What were the risk factors are hiring your radar screen, softening the terms and conditions. I don't know what's claiming behavior of policy holders, changes during an economic downturn. But, in general how do you think about the intersection of those two or confluence of those two events?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think clearly there is real concern and I think in general our industry is less impacted by a softening economy than most industries. However, I would say the place that's most impacted is generally property markets and arson claims and those kinds of things increased. It's not a significant part of our business. But there are other claims, there is stuff that happens they will have an impact. I think it requires more careful examination, I think specially important are things like workers compensation where you have historically picked up lots of premium, some audit premiums and you are not going to get back. So you are not going see the boost in the fourth quarter or the first quarter that may come about from audit premiums and when you're looking and expecting historic results, that's going to probably be a change from your pattern, because this is not expanding. I think that clearly you are going some claims that are more difficult to resolve because of the financial difficulties of your payments and/or your insurance. I think it will have some impact, unless it's an extended recession, it's not going to generally be a huge impact. But my guess is it will be a modest impact on top of the declining profitability. So it's likely that it will make the second half of 2008 worse than it would have been otherwise and that's assuming we have a modest recession. But if we have a severe recession, it will start to have a greater and greater increase.
William Wilt - Morgan Stanley: That's great, thank you. And if I may, one last numbers I want; Eugene, just the reserve releases this quarter by segment of the $34 million?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We generally don't go through that. On the converse, well Bill I am sure Gene will go through whatever you'd like if you give him a call.
William Wilt - Morgan Stanley: Perfect, thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Next, we move to Joshua Shanker with Citi.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: Good morning.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: Two questions; the first question is that if we continue to see declining of volumes for your business at 5% to 10% over the next one or two years, what's that going to do to your expense ratio and the second question relates to something you answered with Meyer, you said that average companies are probably producing underwriting loss this year. Do you think this year is a year for industry underwriting loss, given a normal distribution of storm activity?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If you have a normal distribution of storm activity, I would say it's underwriting breakeven to underwriting loss, for the industry as a whole. Well, first one, as underwriting profits decline and even though I think we will have an underwriting profit this year, we will be paying less contingent commissions. Number two; well we don't plot and fire people, that's not what we do. Everybody here is conscious that you can't ignore your expenses when volume goes down, and from our offices here that everyone of our operating units people are quite conscious that expenses are something we need to be cognizant of. Our positions are getting filled and we're attempting to examine what we do and how we do it. There are some expenses from start ups that we're just prepared to eat. But that's really the price of starting things instead of buying them. It doesn't help in the short term, our incomes reported... as reported, but it gives us more confidence in expanding new businesses for the next half cycle. But overall we are far more conscious of expenses as our ability to generate new volume declines.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: Is there some kind of ceiling for expense ratio that we can think about in terms of the way you do your business?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm not sure what you mean.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: I mean, clearly it goes up as your have less business and of course you're trying to monitor that. But is there a cost of doing business ceiling I guess, like I mean, you don't expect your expense ratio could go up another 300 basis points?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We would be very disappointed, I think that if we try... when all else fails, we direct the people and the operating unit to what to do, but at the moment what we do is tell them this is an issue and we try and persuade them to understand the issue and to get focused on it and let them decide how or they're going to do. I think that before it comes to that point, we probably would step in and be more directive. I think one of the cornerstones of trying to have a decentralized operation as we do is not only giving the authority, but conveying the idea that people have the responsibility to deal with these issues. It's a hard thing because nobody likes to not hire people, nobody likes to fire people, nobody likes to say no ways, nobody likes to do that stuff. We started a year and a half ago telling people this was going to be an issue, this is going to be a problem. They know, we're very serious and I think that I'm not particularly concerned that it's going to be out of control at all.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: : Okay well, thanks there.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: But I can assure you, long before it gets up 300 basis points, we will start, we will end up... we wouldn't be tugboat anymore, we will be lashing people to the decks.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: I'll wait for that.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I hope not.
Joshua D. Shanker - Citigroup: Very good, very good. Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll hear from Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yes, two questions and maybe they're related and maybe they're not. The first is Bill, when you talk about the industry and pricing created inflation, you made an assumption on claim inflation but clearly one goes back one two or three years on the liability side and the claims inflation has been much more modest than what you talked about. So I'm wondering what your view is on underlying claims inflation on the liability side? And then secondly or qualitatively how do you feel about your loss reserves today of year end 07 versus year end 06?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well first of all the answer is of course do relate because the reason our loss reserves are conservative is because we make conservative assumptions about inflations, because we don't want to be wrong. And the reason our assumptions are more conservative than everyone else is reporting is because we think medical cost inflation is built in at a higher level than some of my competitors think. So we think 6% or 8% for medical cost inflation is probably an okay number, which means you take on a smaller number for real cost inflation and then you put in 6% or 8% of medical costs and you come up with a higher inflation number for claims. We don't have an answer per se, but I think that we would tell you that our reserves have become more adequate over the past few years, because the risks of inflation and the risks of bad things happening have increased. I have the view that our reserves are probably somewhat redundant, but the nature and the process of our establishing reserves includes a lot of weight, although not a 100% weight on the financial officers, the actuaries and the presidents of our operating units. The ultimate decision is made here but we have to feel very strongly. Our actuarial team here, our financial team here, the people who operate the units, myself and Rob, we have to feel very strongly that things have gotten to where the redundancies are just overwhelming. The numbers would tell you that if you went back to 2002, our numbers would be... the IBNR would be about between 80% and 90% of our earned premium. But things have changed from 2002. The risks of inflation are greater, the other risks are greater, but it says that we are probably more cautious. But being more cautious is appropriate, when you are in these uncertain economic times. So yes, we've made some more cautious assumption than history might say, it's based on what we see is medical cost what we see is the risks of inflation. That's why we are concerned about as out liberal court turned as opposed to conservative court turn. It's our effort to have enterprise risk management, to try and say what are things aren't as we think they are going to be. What can go wrong? That's what our job is to be sure that is things go wrong, we are not stuck. So yes, we are probably a bit more cautious and conservative than some others.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Thanks Bill.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Charlie Gates with Credit Suisse.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Mr. Gates.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: I am still here. I have my phone on mute. Hey, the one question that I had was, given the ...
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Charles, this is your fifth question.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes, I apologize. Hey, years ago I followed a company, where if you'd ask the CEO what the stock price was, he wouldn't have been able to answer. Clearly you are something different. Here is the question. Given the pressure on your stock, I would have foreseen that you would have bought back more stock during the period, than you did.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well here I think that where... we bought back $450 million worth of stock last year that we bought back 1 million on a 1.3 million shares this year. So far, we certainly welcome if anybody is on the phone has a flock of stock they want to sell us, give us a call. We are happy to make a bid for block a little, there are all kinds of restrictions. How we buy, how much we buy, so you have to remember Charlie on the day when everyone wants to sell, we only can buy 375,000 shares that they eventually call as the day, I didn't say tomorrow we would like to sell your block at stock. So we can't always buy everything we want. There are all these restrictions on how you do and how much do and all that stuff. If we were able to buy on the days everybody wants to sell, we buy a lot more stock. But there are other people who want to buy the stock too and we try and use our best judgment on when to buy the stock and where? I don't think the stock has been under any particular undue pressure. We certainly... and yes, I own 28 million shares. So I do have a vested interest.
Charles B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take a follow up question from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Thanks, Bill earlier you said that you think that company is going to see deteriorating underwriting results at the year-end including some breakeven.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I said, I'm sorry?
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: That on an industry-wide basis we expect either breakeven or modest industry-wide loss?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Do potential sellers of small insurance companies recognize that in the pricing expectation?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The problem isn't whether they recognize or not, the problem is do they recognize how they priced the business yesterday in their loss reserves. I think the answer is many people are still very optimistic about the level of business, where business is and I think at the moment there is probably more optimism in general than is wanted. Most of the companies for sale are being sold because people say taxes are going to change, the environment is worse, insurance cycle is worse, I want to get out and they think that the buyer doesn't know any of those things. So, their pricing for sales is not that realistic. But in fact that will change. We just need to give it a little time and then I think some of the issues, Bill Wilt brought up which is difficult at time, we will make the insurance business a bit more difficult and prices are declining still and that's going to make it more difficult. So, my guess is that people who want to sell and who care about their companies will hear from us. But it's hard to find good companies at rational prices. Hello?
Operator: This line is still connected.
Meyer Shields - Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: No I am fine thank you
Operator: There are no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Berkley for any additional or closing remarks.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Well I thank all of you. We are real pleased with the quarter, we are quite optimistic about the year. We think that 2008 will be an excellent year. As they say, at this moment we're still optimistic that we can get to that 20% return. But it's certainly not a sure thing with a huge number of variables in the economy and in investments returns. So we're going to wait and see we will update you as we get into the first quarter further. Thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator: And that will conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: William R. Berkley - Chairman and CEO Eugene G. Ballard - Sr. VP, CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Joshua Shanker - Citigroup Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc. Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the W. R. Berkley Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference. Today's call is being recorded. The speakers' remarks may contain forward-looking statements. Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by use of forward-looking words including without limitation, believes, expects or estimates. We caution you that such forward-looking statements should not be regarded as representation by us of the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will in fact be achieved. Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year-end December 31, 2006, and our other filings made with the SEC for description of the business environment in which we operate and important factors that may materially affect our results. W. R. Berkley Corporation is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any such obligation to update or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. At this time, I'd like to turn the call to Mr. W. R. Berkley, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Please go ahead, sir.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well good morning everyone. It's sunny here from Utah. We are having a nice a time. I was pleased to report our earnings, we had a good quarter pretty much in line with our expectations. I think that the only surprising thing for the quarter that we saw was that our reinsurance business has got more competitive than we anticipated more quickly. Basically, with more limiting offered without change in price and more people wanting to retain the business that here to far brought reinsurance to protect themselves on. It's an interesting proposition just thank that people are buying reinsurance or rather not buying reinsurance at the point in time when the primary prices are going down. So, we are pretty pleased with the consequences of that which is less reinsurance, which is the most leveraged part of our business. So, well we are disappointed to have that volume go down, we are satisfied that that's good economic news for our reinsurance operation. Overall, business continues to be satisfactory not as robust as we like it. It continues to be opportunities here and there in the United States and around the world that we are trying to find ways to take advantage of. None of those opportunities are easy, none of them come without their risks and uncertainties. But they still are there and over-time we think that will be ways to create enormous value for our shareholders. So, before I go on let me... let Gene Ballard go through the financials and then I will come back and go through the various operating units. Gene.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you Bill. Our third quarter net operating income was a $180 million, that's up 4% from $173 million in the third quarter 2006. Our operating income per share was $0.93 and that's up 8% as a result of the higher earnings as well as the impact of recent share repurchases. We repurchased 9.7 million shares in the third quarter at an average price of $29.98 and that repurchased a total of 12 million shares in the first twelve... first nine months of 2007 at an average price of $30.44. Our third quarter net premiums written decreased 6% to $1.132 billion, about two-thirds of the decrease was from our reinsurance business with the remainder from the specialty segment. For the reinsurance business, as Bill said, increased competition as well as higher seen company retentions provided to an overall decline of 25% for the quarter, and for the specialty segments they continue to slow down in construction activity as well as general pricing levels contribute to a 7% decline in premiums. For the reinsurance and alternative markets premiums were flat as price declines were offset by new business, and for the International segment premiums we up 10%. Our overall combined ratio was 88.5% for the quarter, the combined ratio was unchanged from the prior year. But the 1.2 percentage point decline in the loss ratio exactly offset by a 1.2 percentage point increase in the expense ratio. Increase in the expense ratio to 28.4% reflects the impact of a 3% increase in commissions including contingent commissions and other underwriting expenses. The combined ratio by segment were... ratios by segment were specialty 84.6%, regional 90.6%, alternative markets 83.5%, reinsurance 95.4% and international 96.5%. The 10 point increase in the alternative markets combined ratio reflects less favorable reserve development in the quarter, as well as higher discount amortization for our excess workers' compensation loss reserves. And the 8 point improvement in the reinsurance loss ratio was primarily due to higher underwriting profits from our participation in business underwritten it relates. Overall, our losses benefited by approximately $20 million of favorable reserve development in the third quarter and that compares with $6 million of unfavorable reserve development in the prior year quarter. Our paid loss ratio was 39.7% in the quarter and are pay to incurred ratio was just 66%. In spite of a 5% decline in year-to-date premiums, net loss reserves were up by over $650 million for the first nine months including almost $400 million of additional IBNR. Net investment income was $166 million, that's up 14% from the prior year period. The average annualized yield was unchanged at 5.2%. The arbitrage account which was at $845 million at quarter end had an annualized yield of 10.2% this quarter, compared with 7.7% in the prior year period. When compared to the second quarter of this year, our investment earnings from two external fund managers were down about $6 million due to a modest impact from the market conditions in August and September. Invested assets were $12.9 billion at September 30th, that's up $900 million from the beginning of the year. The increase was again driven by strong operating cash flow, which was almost $500 million in the quarter and over $1.1 billion for the first nine months. The average duration for the overall portfolio was 3.6 years and our after-tax unrealized gains $105 million at September 30th. I want to point out, you'll notice, we added two lines to our income statement that we call... two accounts that we called revenues from wholly owned investees and expenses from wholly owned investees. These are revenues and expenses from two recent investments in which we have a controlling interest and which therefore are consolidated for financial reporting purposes. The companies that we invested in are in the business of selling and servicing aircraft through fixed-based operations. Also, as we previously announced, we closed on the purchase of American Mining company, Insurance Company on October 4th and we'll begin reporting their results in the fourth quarter. Finally, our overall tax rate for the quarter was 29.6% and our after-tax net income was $180 million. That gives us an annualized return on equity of 21.6% for the quarter and a book value per share at September 30th of $19.19.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Gene. Let me just quickly run through a few highlights and then answer questions. I'll go through by area, our specialty area, as would be expected was impacted by the softening market prices are down, a year-over-year roughly 7%, a little more actually. They are about 1% greater decline in the current year-over-year than the prior quarter's year-over-year, volume is down there and while the business and our pricing discipline remains good, our reserves are strong and we're happy with the business. What you see at this point in the cycle is the standard markets come in and take away the easiest find, easiest marks in the space of the area and move them over to a standard market, at huge price discounts. So something we might write at a 100, they might write it as 50. They think it's a great premium because it might be an increase over what they would view as a standard market rate, but for us in these surplus lines business it's a huge decrease. So that's the first business that leaves the specialty area and we're seeing that in a significant way. As to our regional business, it continues to do well, very slight increase in premium volume, a lots and lots of royalty, terrific focus on the service both to the Asian and the insured, real understanding out in the field that this is a partnership with our distribution and our focus on providing outstanding service, great claims handling, that's really paying off and that business is really having a lot of stickiness and the combined ratio is holding up very slight deterioration. But we're really pleased. Alternative market business, the business is doing well, but the volume is better than it looks because in fact in that area California comp is down and the rest of the business is up. So you are seeing one offset the others so while the volume is up for the group it's really made up, probably California companies slightly down still and the rest of the business being up. The combined ratio for that group in fact while it appears to be less robust in fact is really fine. The reason it was so exceptional in the comparable period was because of reserve releases in account when you comp where the numbers just were astonishing. So we are pleased with that business continues to do very well. Reinsurance business is interesting, we are seeing across the board both facultative and the treaty business, a fewer people buying. We are seeing a number of people decide that rather keep the business. It's interesting if you manage this business right your customers help ensure you optimize your profitability because you don't write as much business as the market gets softer. So losing business that's highly leveraged in return as prices go down is not the worst thing in the world. One never likes to see volume disappear, we really would much prefer customers who perceive this as a long-term relationship. But that is just not how it is at the moment in many areas of the business. So customers are leaving. Our business in Lloyd's that's within the reinsurance area as continues to do well and with the lack of catastrophic activity that business has given us great returns. Our International business, which is primarily Argentina and London continues to do well. We are pleased with it. The business in Argentina is performing exceptionally well, although, we still always worry about the environment in Argentina, it's not as stable as we like it. When we go down there, it looks calm and stable, but we have learnt through some difficult times there. Our management is used to dealing with that uncertainty and has done an outstanding job. In London, extremely competitive environment. People are out there and real marginal underwriting profitability at the moment. We expect the business to remain such that we are having an adequate return, but it is a competitive market, certainly is competitively even more so than casualty business in the U.S. Overall, we... our investment portfolio continues to be conservatively focused, we don't see any real problems there. Our investments and what I would call areas that can be subject to the current financial crisis that we are seeing arise are very small and we're quite optimistic that, that investment income will continue to deliver great returns. Bottom line our pricing seems to be holding up better than I would have expected. Average price declines also 5% year-over-year, I would have thought it'd be worse. But recognized that is on the business we retain which is 80% to 90% of our business. But on the business we loose, the price declines are substantially higher. So, we can't think that's a pure indication of the market. We are pretty comfortable that things will continue and our returns look like they'll be able to continue well in excess of our targeted minimum 15% through next year and really as far as we can see at the moment. With that, I would be glad to answer any questions. Abraham. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take out first question from Josh Shanker with Citi.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Good morning everyone.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Josh.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: Three questions. The first one, as you gave the hypothetical scenario where a... in the specialty line now someone would have price you down by about 50%. I'm wondering these large price cuts, how widespread are these examples have you seen some cases, pricing down that dramatically? Two, given the share repurchase. I was wondering if there is some sort of anecdotal idea about when you come into the market for your own shares? And three, given what was maybe, taking out of context, you said in a previous conference call that you won't be a buyer of your own shares with these levels. I want to know what your own appetite is from that mentality at this point?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, first, the issue when I said that I wouldn't be a buyer of my own shares was two quarters ago and when we certainly, we were thinking out of context. It really revolved and in part around the same question which was your second question that it isn't in my shareholders best interest for me to tell the world when and what price I'm going to buy my stock at. We'll buy the stock when we think it's appropriate and is recent use of our capital for our shareholders and if the stock doesn't sell at that levels, we'll get other ways to deploy our excess capital through dividends or whatever. But its not that we have a price that we think we should tell the world when the stock gets to $30.04 or $28.91 that we are going to buy the stock. We don't really set a price like that and it surely wouldn't be in anyone's interest for us to tell the world that anyway, because we are interested in buying the stock is attractive as we think we can for the Company.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: But through the first question regarded how often you are seeing radical cuts in certain contracts and when?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, I understand that question. I think that I was really referring particularly the areas that was... we're going back to the standard market. For example, Nutrition stores that were really clearly specialty risks are now being picked up by standard markets that serve as specialty retailer, and health change where they only have exercise equipment and they don't do any of the other kinds of things. So, they are now being picked up, as long as they don't have pending loans [ph] at the loan side. So, what I'd call is people are so anxious to get business as is everyone at the moment, that they are rationalizing way the reasons they were in the excess and surplus lines business originally Josh, and then they are falling back to the standard lines market. And once they get in the standard lines market there, they are being what I call book underwritten. They are looking up on page 93, column 4, class 7 and that tells you the price and that price is often not at all related to what we in the... in as business would asses the risk at and its more of an isle categorized risk. So, the prices are down substantially and its... I wouldn't say it's a huge amount, but it is... we are seeing that in the past six months for the first half in quite a while.
Joshua Shanker - Citigroup: I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and we'll now move on to our next question. We'll now take a question from Charlie Gates with Credit Suisse.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Hi good morning, a couple of questions. My first question, Bill if you would have looked back in history, what period of time from a competitive standpoint similar to where we are now?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: How far back do I look?
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: I look 30 years.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 30 years is not very far Charlie. I would guess that we're probably... putting aside... you have to put aside and look which sort of changed the pattern of there are some, I would say we're probably in 89, maybe 90, we are clearly enacting your basis, you are marginally profitable, and heading down, I think business is written now for the best companies has underwriting profits and for the average company, underwriting profits are on actually year basis is probably aren't there.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Second question, I think by most, any definition seemingly the industry is much over capitalized. What do you see is the out growth or the implication of that?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think a number of companies... firstly I think some thing's have changed. I think that... we have Sarbanes-Oxley which is forcing people to be honest about their numbers. We have a lot more companies, new companies who are trying to find their place. But they can't hide bad results. I think that we have no catastrophes or consequences went through this year. So you had a lot of people who are over capitalized that's still good no return. I think that though... let me correct myself, a lot of people are over capitalized still getting an okay return, I said no return, I apologize, because they had no catastrophes losses. So they are getting an okay return, even in all the way over capitalized with no cap losses. So I think at the moment everything looks okay. I think that as time evolves new capital is going to come in the business in a different way and I think it's going to come in the business in a matter of that it's temporary capital. It will come in as side cars and other vehicles where investors can put their money and then get it out because in spite of lots of promises many of these people put their money in vehicles but they expect it to be liquidated or merged out and they get their money out and that hasn't happened. So at the moment I think that we are stuck with a lot of more embedded capital than the industry needs. There will be some mergers, mergers are hard it means people giving up positions, it means a whole lot of different things happening, but I think mergers are inevitable. There will be more consolidation to business and I think that's going to continue. So, I think that my forecast is, next round of capital raising will come in on a short-term basis, side car type vehicles, that a number of the newer entrants will have to consolidate, and a lot of people who have big amounts of capital but don't have any distribution relationships are going to have to have merger partners or find other ways of returning their capital.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Was there, an insurance aspect of the acquisition of the aviation company?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No, it was really... it was really just part of our investment portfolio. It was part of our private equity investment portfolio. It's just a small investment and we're just buying some of these things with the view that it will go public or we'll spend it out to our shareholders, do something else. It's just a good return business that I coincidentally knew something about nothing particular.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: My final question. I think Gene made reference to two investment managers, some issue with regard to those in the quarter and I didn't understand that.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The answer is we have a few outside investments in both the real estate and merger arbitrage business they are outside and two of them did give us very low returns in the quarter just compared to what they had been giving us. So, that was the reason our investment income was not up as much as one might have expected.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And now moving on our next question from Michael Phillips. with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Thanks. Good morning, a couple of questions here. First to try get my hands around how you think about the margins put under your current business. The answer to your product question that you just gave to Charlie on the industries on an x year [ph] basis, the industry is still marginally profitable but of course heading down. How in fact that your prior year business has been developing pretty well have changed the way you think about your current year when you set up your initial reserves?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that when we look at our current year, each successive year loss picks are based on prior year loss picks and the development of those prior year loss picks. Looking at combination of Case and IBNR, it's not that we get smarter, we get older, and older that you look, more accurately what was happening before. So, for instance, in our California comp, it wasn't that suddenly we had much better results; it was that we started to see the real results that changed and won the development and we felt confident in making changes. So, we effectively are just constantly looking back and trying to evaluate, what should our current loss pick be? How did the prior years develop? And while we may not take down everything that was there in the prior years we are constantly using that data to make the best pick we can in the current year given inflation and price changes. So, it's really a continuum of adjustments and you try to get it as right as you can in a longer... you have the better you are going to estimate. So, if I know 2004 with a lot more accuracy, I am going to have a much better pick on 2007 because I built 2007 from 2004. So, it's just a continuing process.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay. But it wouldn't be incorrect to say that, if we looked at margins in your current business, they prior deteriorated from last year just given what's happening with rates, I mean, I think your loss trends in the carriage business they are going to be pretty favorable but with rates coming down, it's fair to say that the margins are not quite what they were last year?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that our current year loss picks reflect that our expectation of that deterioration I think our loss picks, probably three or four points worse.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay, good. And just real quickly on the break out that you put in the income statement, the margins on that business... is that pretty stable?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I'm sorry what are you talking about?
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: On the wholly owned stuff that you broke out in... on the income statement is the margin there pretty stable?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay, great. That's all I have. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now take a question from Jay Cohen with Merrill Lynch.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Yes, two questions. The first is with the reinsurance business, shrinking the most among your segments. I guess my assumption is that that's one of the more capital intensive businesses and if that's the case, does that essentially free up capital a little bit quicker?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Capital as it primarily today related as much to loss reserves as the volume of premium, and it also has a longer tail, so just because you are writing less business, your reserves aren't going down and in fact, even though we are writing less business, we're putting out more reserves. So we are... I wouldn't expect that, that's going to happen. I think we are very comfortably capitalized and we have no problem. Basically we're looking at our earnings and saying what do we want to do with the earnings, I don't think we need to build up any of new capital. So to suggest that we're going to look at these new capital we generate and see what do we want to do with it, what do we need, we don't think we need it to run our business per se unless opportunities change. So... but I don't think we think we should just sort of pull out capital that's embedded in the business at the moment.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Next question, the higher commissions, was that simply a change in business mix or did it relate to any strategic change that you made as far as commissions you are paying out?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think the commissions are partly, we have contingencies for our standard market businesses. Then, there is slight changes in business mix, but the commissions were 3% of the base of commissions. So, it wasn't three percentage points higher. Gene's statement was a little confusing if you just listened to it as it was a 3% of our standard commissions, one up so it was sort of probably a four-tenths of a percent increase in commissions. Most of that was contingencies because underwriting profits have been so good and we expect that this probably pretty good embedded underwriting profits.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: And, I guess lastly, what's the rationale for growing the IBNR as much as you have when in fact, your premiums are shrinking. I assume unit count is not growing?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: No. Well. I ask the guys and the claims people and presidents of each of our units and I ask all the Senior Vice Presidents, many of whom I am looking at around this table now and why are they low bowling me, Jay? And, I asked them that same question and then I asked the actuaries that and, you know, they tell me that these are their best estimates of the numbers and no one would want me to arbitrarily lower our reserves. So, I just simply tell them that I don't like it. I think our reserves are probably erring more on the conservative side. But it is in fact the blended view of all of the people involved and it's not so conservative that I feel I can't live with it. It's on the conservative end of what I believe is reality but we have a big amount of reserves and we've had positive developments of the past few quarters and my expectation is that will continue. But the fact is that the worst thing for an insurance company if its decentralized too is to go out and direct the people in the field to change their reserves. So, unless we can't live with it that's just not where we're going go to. There are occasions where that maybe the case but it's surely not how we want to run the business.
Jay Cohen - Merrill Lynch: Right. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Heleniak with Ferris, Baker Watts.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Hi. Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. First of all the California workers' comps have the latest reforms. Does that really change your mindset on doing business out there? It was just passing this a couple of weeks ago in one way or the other.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We've restrained ourselves in California. We've kept business to at least something less than 5% of our overall total. We recognize that things change in California, its political environment that's constantly changing some times good and some times bad. We think we have a terrific team of people there, who understand the business and therefore this is a business that provides us good opportunity and, no, we are not going to... just as we didn't rush in to write all the business we could and make it a huge part of our company, we are not going to run away with... we are in there, we are pretty happy with our people. We think we understand how to make money there and no we are not going to change the review in California.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: You don't think it will be that much more competitive then it is right now just...
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It may be more competitive, but we think the best people can still make money there.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. And then the regional, I was just curious, what areas kind of your seeing the growth there and you also talked about the sticky pricing is this pricing off is it sort of flat or is off a few percentage points or wonder if you might make a comment on that.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think that our overall pricing is down around 5% for the year. That is low in 12 months and in the regional business pricing is down about 4% specialty business pricing is down a little over 7% and I think that more you can get across the idea to your customers, that they are buying service and that one out of five, one out of ten is going to have a claim and they want to be sure they get the company that gives them the service, when they are without one; you can sell that issue. On price differentials get to be more than 10% or 12%, you are going to likely loose the business. So I think that at this point we are still able to handle large percentage of our business. Our retention rates are you know sort of 80% to 90% in general, little lower than that in the specialty areas.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Okay. And then the start-ups in 2006, could you give a overview what the premium volume is, what they did for the quarter, third quarter?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That $35 million, I would still say, behind where I thought they have not really got an attraction. A couple of them have gotten great traction and couple of them have not. We have invested a lot of time and effort, we have a couple of people here who have actually gotten grey hair because of it and I think that we are working on getting that. What I think we are seeing is some real cost developments and the two start-ups we have this year actually, we had the middle of this year actually already in the quarter contributed about $4 million of business. So and that will be more significant in the fourth quarter. So, still behind slower start for the '06 ventures to... or to an okay to a sort of not up to where we thought and we think that we now are on track with last year.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: And do you think, we are at the point of cycle where there is enough opportunity and prices come down and of the few, do you want to get in to somewhat new category expand or is it easier to just tie someone or do you still prefer kind of starting up, I know you made the acquisition this quarter but what's kind of your thoughts on that?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we'd always be happy to buy some of them. If we are able to but that's determined by price, risk in reserves and the quality of the people. I think there is almost always a risk in reserves. We were very confident and the management and the reserve levels and the people at American mining and we thought it was a first-class opportunity for what we think is a long-term industrial opportunity for us, which is why we bought American mining. So, there we didn't see any of the normal risks we normally expect. On the other hand, most things that we see have substantial reserve exposures, lots of uncertainty and even want a price far in excess of what would give us the kinds of return targets we have. It's a more immediate positive if you buy something but on real economic terms its better to start if you are able.
Scott Heleniak - Ferris, Baker Watts: Yes. That's all my questions. Thanks.
Operator: Thanks. We'll now move on our next question with Mike Grasher from Piper Jaffray.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is actually Joe Dimario [ph]. You may have already said this but did you purchase any shares during the quarter?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, we did so. During the third quarter we purchased 9.7 million shares.
Unidentified Analyst: 10 million.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: 9.7 million.
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: 12 million for the full year, for full 9 months.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And my other question is you said on average you are seeing 5% price declines on retained business. But that... it could be, it was substantially lower on loss business. Can you give any more color on?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We just, we kind of can't give you any statistics. We don't know but on the business we enquire about that we lose. We lose it for certainly more than 10% price differential.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. We go to Sam Hopkin with Adar [ph].
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, can you comment on the prospects for tax reform in Bermuda in terms of the facility of reinsurance, corporate inversions and any other options that are under consideration?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our only comment as to what's already public and that is we are working with a coalition of other companies, which consists of Liberty Heart for Travelers, Safe Go, AMPAC [ph], MBIA, Hartford, Chub, Berkshire Hathaway, Scottstel division of Nation wide, a number of others I probably have forgotten to get legislation to address the current status of facility of foreign, domiciled insurers who set up U.S. subsidiaries and then reinsure this business to low or no tax environments and we are working diligently with the people in Washington and we are optimistic that we will succeed in getting legislation.
Unidentified Analyst: What do you feel is the timing?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: If the President can't forecast timing for legislation that he wants, how should I be able to do that?
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. And now, we'll go back to Mr. Michael Philips with Stifel Nicolaus.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Hey thanks. Just one quick follow-up on numbers item. I think you said last quarter that the reinsurance contract that you lost, that was running off this quarter. This quarter, the impact was around $40 million, is that correct?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: For the third quarter, it's about $30 million.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: $30 million this quarter?
Eugene G. Ballard - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, third quarter, right.
Michael W. Phillips - Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Yes, thank you and now we will move on to the next question. We do now have a question from Charlie Gates with Credit Suisse.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Can one of you speak to the approximate size of the investment in sub-prime mortgages?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's virtually none. I think we have $20 million in Alt A and I think that's it. I think one of our companies... one of our investor companies had roughly $20 million of which we have sort of 10% piece, so to complement but Charlie, the answer is its pro-intensive purposes, it is none.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Do you have a... second question, do you have guesstimate as to what the off balance sheet asset specific to the grants property might be?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You mean, how much our building is worth, Charlie?
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes sir. relative to what you have paid for?
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's probably worth more than a $100 million above our quota [ph].
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: My final question.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Is that a promise.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Yes sir, at this time. Do you see any implications for Company of the horrible fires in California.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: For us. None, it shouldn't be much. If there is exposure, it's going to be... it should be de minimus exposure. I really can't imagine that they'll be any... there'll be none that we go out there and write other than that we know of... by that I mean could we have $5 million or $10 million or $20 million or $30 million. Yes, its surely is possible, but its nothing that would have any consequential financial impact on the Company and it would be because I don't want to... I don't want to give you a more precise number because we think know we might miss one building that's on some schedule of some something but as far as we know it's virtually nothing.
Charlie B. Gates - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And Mr. Berkley, there are no further questions at this time.
William R. Berkley - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you all very much. We continue to be optimistic about being able to generate the kinds of returns we have seen. While it's always a challenging environment, we continue to believe that next year will offer us great opportunities to continue to do well, which in substantially see our target returns. So, thank you all very much. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. We thank you very much for your participation. Have a great day.
