===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 17:00:00) =====
Tim Yocum - VP of IR:
Greg Brown - Chairman and CEO:
Jason Winkler - EVP and CFO:
Jack Molloy - EVP and COO:
Mahesh Saptharishi - EVP and Chief Technology Officer:
Alyssa Shreves - Barclays:
Joseph Cardoso - JPMorgan:
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research:
Louie DiPalma - William Blair:
Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research:
Tomer Zilberman - Bank of America:
Matt Nicknam - Deutsche Bank:
Irvin Liu - Evercore ISI:
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen only mode. You have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2025 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO, Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO, Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for reference. And during the call, we referenced non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. I'll begin with a few thoughts of the business before turning it over to Jason. First, Q1 was an excellent start to the year with record first quarter revenue, record operating earnings, and record cash flow. In Software and Services, sales were up 9%, driven by continued strong adoption of software applications across our safety and security ecosystem and by our LMR services. In products and SI, sales were up 4%, with significant operating margin expansion driven by growth for our higher tiered public safety devices, as well as lower material costs. Second, our investments in video and software continue to drive meaningful revenue growth for the company. During the quarter, our Command Center and Video Technologies both grew double digits and achieved record Q1 orders and ending backlog. We also closed on the acquisitions of RapidDeploy and Theatro, adding to our Software offerings for both public safety and enterprise customers. And just last week, we launched SVX and Assist, two groundbreaking technologies that will transform how public safety officers protect and serve. And finally, as we navigate the current environment, I like how we are positioned. Our customers are continuing to prioritize investments in safety and security. Our public safety ecosystem continues to expand with new products and solutions, and we're taking actions to offset cost increases related to tariffs. All of this is driving our continued expectation for strong revenue earnings and cash flow growth for the year. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Jason.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 6% and was above our guidance with growth in all three technologies. FX headwinds during the quarter were $25 million, while acquisitions added $32 million. GAAP operating earnings were $582 million, or 23% of sales, up from 21.7% in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $716 million, up 12% from the year-ago quarter, and non-GAAP operating margin was 28.3%, up 160 basis points, driven by higher sales, favorable mix, and lower direct material costs, partially offset by acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share was $2.53, up from a $0.23 in the year-ago quarter, which then included a non-operating loss due to the accounting treatment for the settlement of our Silver Lake convertible debt. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.18, up 13% from $2.81 last year. The growth in EPS was driven by higher sales and margins in the current year. OpEx in Q1 was $603 million, up $35 million versus last year, driven by investments in video and acquisitions. Turning to cash flow, Q1 operating cash flow was $510 million, up $128 million versus last year, and free cash flow was $473 million, up $137 million. The increase in cash flow was primarily driven by higher earnings and improvements in working capital. For the full year, our expectations for double-digit operating cash flow growth, or approximately $2.7 billion, are unchanged. Capital allocation for Q1 included $325 million in share repurchases, $182 million in cash dividends, and $37 million of CapEx. During the quarter, we closed two acquisitions for a combined total of $414 million, RapidDeploy, a cloud-native next-generation 911 provider, and Theatro, a maker of AI and voice-powered communication and digital workflow software for frontline workers. Both acquisitions are included in Command Center within our Software and Services segment. Moving to segment results, in products and SIs, sales were up 4% versus last year, driven by growth in LMR. Currency headwinds were $14 million in the quarter. Operating earnings were $434 million, or 28.1% of sales, up from 24.8% in the prior year, driven by higher sales, favorable mix, and lower direct material costs. Some notable Q1s and achievements in this segment include a $19 million TETRA Award for a customer in Germany, a $10 million fixed video order for Duke Energy, a $10 million P25 system order for a customer in North Africa, a $10 million P25 device order for a U.S. state and local customer, and a $7 million P25 device order for Aurora, Colorado. And in software and services, revenue was up 9%, compared to last year, driven by strong growth across all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $32 million, and FX headwinds were $11 million. Operating earnings in the segment were $282 million, or 28.7% of sales, down from 29.8% of sales last year, primarily due to acquisitions. Some notable Q1 highlights in Software and Services include, a $19 million LMR managed services extension for an international customer, an $18 million LMR services renewal for a U.S. utility, a $9 million fixed video services contract renewal for the City of Chicago, a $7 million command center order for a U.S. federal customer, and a $5 million Command Center order for Denver's public transport. Moving next to our regional results, North America Q1 revenue was $1.9 billion, up 9% on growth in all three technologies. International Q1 revenue was $676 million, down 3% versus last year, with growth in video and Command Center, offset by foreign currency headwinds, and lower LMR revenue from Ukraine in the current year. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog for Q1 was $14.1 billion, down $306 million or 2% versus last year, driven by strong LMR shipments and revenue recognition from the UK Home Office, partially offset by strong growth across all three technologies within Software and Services. Sequentially, backlog was down $605 million or 4%. The sequential decline was driven by strong LMR shipments, revenue recognition for the UK Home Office, as well as order seasonality that's typical of the first quarter of the year. In the Products and SI segment, ending backlog decreased approximately $1 billion versus last year due to strong LMR shipments, and $533 million sequentially, driven by the order seasonality pattern that I just mentioned. In Software and Services, backlog increased $732 million compared to last year, driven by strong demand for multi-year contracts across all three technologies, partially offset by the revenue recognition for the UK Home Office. Sequentially, Software and Services backlog was down $72 million, primarily driven by revenue recognition for the UK Home Office. And turning now to our outlook, we expect Q2 sales growth of approximately 4% with non-GAAP earnings per share, between $3.32 and $3.37 per share. This assumes a weighted average share count of approximately 170 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5%. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue growth of 5.5% and non-GAAP EPS between $14.64 and $14.74 per share. This full year outlook assumes $40 million of foreign currency headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately 170 million shares, and an effective tax rate for the year of approximately 23%. And before I turn the call back to Greg, I wanted to spend a moment on a few additional topics. First, with respect to tariffs. As I mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance despite higher costs from the current tariff environment, which we estimate to be up to $100 million this year. We are navigating this dynamic environment with a number of supply chain actions and we're implementing cost-saving measures, along with finding price opportunities as well. Second, our continued investments in software across the entire portfolio are driving strong adoption of our cloud and SaaS offerings, resulting in more recurring revenue contributions and driving our expectations of strong software and services growth this year. One example to mention on this increase in software adoption has been the success of APX NEXT and the suite of software applications that are available on these devices. Our customers recognize the operational efficiencies these deliver, and by year end, we expect to have over 200,000 APX NEXT devices with an app subscription in North America, generating an average $300 per year per device in revenue. This recurring revenue stream and its associated multi-year backlog are recorded within our S&S segment. Furthermore, the latest extension of APX NEXT platform with the introduction of Assist and SVX provides us with even greater opportunities to deliver value-added software applications on the platform. And finally, a couple notes on our balance sheet. Last week, we successfully renewed and extended our $2.25 billion revolving credit facility with improved pricing and flexibility. The new five-year facility extends into 2030 and further complements our maturity profile. This combined with our $1.6 billion of cash on hand and the $2.7 billion of operating cash flow we expect to generate this year gives us continued flexibility in capital allocation. Greg, back to you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. I'm just going to end briefly with a few thoughts. First, I'm very pleased with how we're executing in the current environment. Our quarterly results were outstanding with Q1 record sales, earnings and cash flow. Our pipeline of new opportunities remains strong and we've implemented mitigation actions to offset higher costs related to tariffs. Second, I'd like to take a minute to talk about our latest product launches of SVX and Assist. Born from the trusted foundation of our APX NEXT Radio and inspired by who we serve, SVX and Assist represent significant leaps forward in public safety technology. SVX is a first of its kind video remote P25 speaker mic that converges secure voice, video and AI and eliminates the need for a separate body-worn camera. Assist is our interactive AI platform that bridges AI enabled features across the portfolio to provide the public safety community with contextual and actionable information when and where a decision needs to be made. The convergence in the SVX device brings video and even more AI to first responders most trusted lifeline, their radio and it creates a whole new category of technology to reduce response time and save lives. In addition, it significantly improves the performance of applications like AI assisted report writing by utilizing our extensive experience in public safety audio technology enhanced by advanced noise cancellation. The SVX will be exclusively available with our APX NEXT family of radios which we believe will drive increased adoption of these higher tier radios and significantly increase our opportunity to provide software apps across the APX NEXT platform. The early engagement with the public safety community has exceeded our expectations and I'm excited for them to start experiencing the benefits of these game changing solutions. And finally, as I think about the remainder of the year I'm encouraged on a number of fronts. Our need to have solutions in safety and security are continuing to be prioritized by our customers. The increased adoption for software and services apps helps drive continued growth in recurring revenue within our software and services segment which we expect will make up almost 40% of our revenue this year. And we had a strong start to the year with regards to capital allocation with over $800 million already deployed between acquisitions and share repurchases year to date. Additionally, we have a very strong balance sheet and robust cash flow that allows us to continue to play offense when the opportunity presents itself. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Tim and open it up for questions.
A - Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Alyssa Shreves : Hi, this is Alyssa Shreves on for Tim Long. Just two quick questions. You mentioned the strength and the Software Services as a service. Can you kind of walk us through the video product revenue performance in the quarter? Was the product weakness kind of driven by the shift to the cloud? And then I have one follow-up.
Greg Brown: Sure, Alyssa, thanks for the question. So I think you're picking up on the fact that video grew nicely for the quarter and is on path for our video growth that we expect for the year of 10% to 12%. Software is leading that growth and has been for a number of quarters. That's consistent with how we've invested in the portfolio. And it's been performing nicely in that regard. And we expect continued growth. And part of that, yes, is the performance of Alta, our cloud video offer, which is growing quite nicely.
Jason Winkler: And Alyssa, even with cloud growing exponentially stronger than product, we also still expect products to grow for the full year as well.
Alyssa Shreves: That's helpful, thank you. And then just a quick one on tariff. Are you seeing any change in customer behavior with this kind of uncertainty? Are you seeing any pullback, any kind of elongation of deals? Any color there would be great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes, Alyssa, we're not. We're not either internationally or in North America. What's happening in the field right now is pretty consistent with what we've seen over the last number of years.
Jason Winkler: And I would add in terms of how we're navigating the environment and getting past the about $100 million impact this year, proactively dual sourcing, moving around our flexible footprint. We are implementing some discretionary cost controls across the company as well as some pricing opportunities, as I mentioned.
Greg Brown: And the tariff, Alyssa, the tariff, increased tariff of about $100 million or up to is driven by higher input costs from different theaters. Its production associated with Malaysia. And even though we are out of China, as you know, from any and all manufacturing and development, we still have a few, very few actually, commodity components that are sourced from China. And with the rate sitting at 145%, that's included and informing that about $100 million estimate, which by the way, in an EPS basis is about $0.40 of full year EPS.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Joseph Cardoso with JP Morgan. The line is now open.
Joseph Cardoso : Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. So maybe the first one here, just wanted to touch on the demand trends that you're seeing. Appreciate it. It sounded like you're not seeing any change in the environment, but if I take a step back and look at the full year revenue guide and kind of strip out the FX impact that was embedded 90 days ago versus what you're embedding today, it does look like there's a bit softness embedded there relative to what you were originally expecting. And maybe I'm pulling at hairs here, but maybe you could just touch on that with some of the moving pieces, what you're seeing across demand and the pipeline and particularly just curious, just given kind of what we're hearing in terms of concerns on the macro, can you maybe differentiate between what you're seeing and maybe your core public safety vertical versus maybe on the enterprise side of the business? And then I have a follow up. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes, on the first part, Joseph, you're right on the FX, but I think in this environment, given the volatility and uncertainty and while FX is a good guy now to the difference of the $80 million you talked about, obviously it wildly fluctuates. And I think for us to bake it in and just take it to the bank in this volatile and uncertain environment and the 90-day tariff pause supposedly being lifted on June 8th and all the things flurrying around, we thought it was prudent to just hang tight on top and bottom line for now, but that should not be interpreted as any softening demand because we don't see that.
Jason Winkler: And we have improvements ahead of us really in the second half.
Greg Brown: Exactly. So to quote you, I wouldn't be pulling on heirs. I'm not concerned about what you described. And in terms of seeing any difference in behavior between North America and international. I think the first thing I think I'd note is Q1 North America, we had record orders. So I think that's a statement to kind of the state of play for public safety in North America. Internationally, I'd remind everybody, we have a very resilient revenue source in that our two biggest markets are EMEA and Australia, which are both largely driven by managed service agreements. And as it relates to our commercial and enterprise market segment, we had, I think as Jason just pointed out, very strong Q1 and video security. And for our PCR business, if you outboard FX in Ukraine, we expect another year, a very good year in 2025. And I'd also, the last thing I'd circle back is remind everybody that our verticals that drive our enterprise security business, their healthcare, their critical infrastructure and education, those markets tend to be more resilient.
Joseph Cardoso: No, fair guys, and I appreciate the detail. Maybe just as a quick follow up on the tariff commentary, you obviously mentioned Malaysia, but curious if you could just touch on your Mexico manufacturing footprint there and any details around whether you're USMCA compliant there. And so a little bit less of a concern nowadays. And then the second part of that question on tariffs is just more around the mitigation that you're embedding in the guide. Like is the expectation or the assumption that you're making is that $100 million eventually goes to zero? Or how should we think about the impact of that as we kind of progress through the year and the mitigation efforts that you're putting in? Thanks for the question.
Greg Brown: Yes, Joseph, good question on Mexico. The good news is overwhelmingly, as Jason mentioned last quarter, we are USMCA compliant. So that's a big factor, which is why I highlighted Malaysia, because with USMCA compliance and looking at the totality of our production outside of the United States, Malaysia would be the single country as it relates to production. That's the biggest driver toward the up to $100 million.
Jason Winkler: And with respect to the second part of the question, the tariff impacts, which we've sized at up to $100 million, our mitigation plans fully cover that. So that's why we are reaffirming our prior guidance at EPS and expect to cover the impact of tariffs through the three things that I mentioned, discretionary costs, some flexibility and moving around the supply chain that we do have to avoid some tariffs. And thirdly, some pricing across our portfolio, which we continue to look for.
Greg Brown: And the nice thing about that is even with all of those ingredients into the blender and maintaining and reaffirming full year, we still expect operating margin expansion for the full year. And I would say for the full year on gross margins to be comparable.
Joseph Cardoso: No, that's great to hear. Appreciate the color, Greg and Jason.
Greg Brown: You bet, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst : Hey, good afternoon, everyone. This is Jamie on for Meta. I guess just the first question with the new SVX product and Assist feature, you know, are you able to give us a sense of any sort of like early demand signals that you're seeing or launch or feedback from early launch customers? And then how should we think about kind of the monetization?
Jason Winkler: Yes, I think the first thing I'd point out is we're really excited, but interest is high from both our customers, our body-worn customers, as well as our competitors' body-worn customers. I'll give you an example. I had a phone call with one of our sales executives last night who had just left the meeting with the police department in the Midwest. And there's really dual benefits as we see it. This was a customer that's a competitive body-worn camera customer today. They were going to, and had planned to buy mid-tier APX radios. After the announcement and the demonstration yesterday with the SVX, their new plan is to unify on our body-worn camera solution and actually upgrade to the APX next family of radios. And so those conversations are happening throughout the country. I think, as Greg pointed out, the big piece of this where the benefit stands is there's no more need for two devices, no more need for two data plans. And I think our customers come to expect world-class audio with this device. I think many of us, even in the initial demonstrations we saw with the product team, were blown away with really the ambient noise reduction capabilities, as well as swappable batteries, as well to elongate the product life. So really excited, but I think it's more important to look at the excitement through the lens of our customers' eyes.
Unidentified Analyst : Got it. I had a quick follow-up. Sorry, go ahead.
Greg Brown: You asked about monetization. So we expect it to drive further adoption of APX NEXT. Of course, it comes with more software attached opportunities with it. It extends our mobile video portfolio. Those are areas where we're excited about the monetization of what this means for the future.
Unidentified Analyst : Got it.
Jack Molloy: And the whole strategy -- Sorry, Jamie. I would just reaffirm the whole strategy there is, look, nothing is more important to a first responder than P25 secure voice. So why have two devices when you can have one? And when you can have one, we lower the total cost of ownership. And when you take front-end body worn and the radio, the speaker mic, and combine it with backend evidence, we lower the total cost of ownership for the whole experience too. Plus, with this converged device, we're ingesting more critical information in Assist. And maybe Mahesh, you want to dimensionalize that.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Absolutely. So, and Jamie, you mentioned assist as part of this SVX, which is a critical part of the story. As Jack mentioned, that superior audio quality allows us to do more with AI as it applies to SVX. But quite importantly, if you think about helping an officer author a report, a narrative after an incident, a body-worn camera doesn't always hear everything that the officer sees and hears. The SVX very uniquely is capable of listening to everything that the officer may see or hear, inclusive of what is happening on an LMR radio, perhaps that officer has an earpiece on and listening to everything that is happening across the talk group. We have access to all of that, including CAD data, including what the dispatcher adds as commentary about the incident, inclusive of radio metadata, such as what talk group was the officer part of? What is the battery level, volume? Is there any reason why an officer may not have heard something? That in totality helps us really create a more authentic and true report for that officer and really make that whole experience way better than what it could be otherwise with a traditional body-worn camera.
Unidentified Analyst : Great, thank you for all the detail. I'll jump back in queue.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Keith Housum : Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen. I appreciate it. In terms of the federal business, obviously federal is a fairly important part to your business, especially on the video side. Can you give us any commentary about what you're hearing from your federal customers in terms of bookings in the first quarter and their expectations for the second quarter and the rest of the year, based on efforts from DOGE and everything else going on right now?
Jason Winkler: Yes, I think so. For our federal government, they're operating on a CR through 930. By the way, I'd note that over the course of the last handful of years, we've had great years when we've operated under CR. So this is nothing new for our team. Demand remains very strong within the federal market. We're also keeping an eye on both the House and Senate budget bills that are being passed through because if you look at it, there's going to be a substantial increase with both borders, immigration control, with a particular lens around video technology, around next generation LMR communications and body worn. I think there's going to be things like that. So we're keeping an eye on that. We've got the teams in place. We expect another very strong year with our US federal government team, both here and abroad.
Mahesh Saptharishi: The only thing I'd add to that, Jack, is the focus that your team has around law enforcement and law enforcement within federal being a majority of the business and the alignment of priorities around law enforcement and the federal law enforcement agencies. We seem to be well aligned there.
Keith Housum: Okay, great. And then just a secondary question for you guys. I understand that seasonality in terms of backlog, but I look at your backlog over the past several years, you still have growth year over year in the first quarter. And it looked at your notable wins also appear somewhat lower than what we usually see. Was there any weakness in closing those deals during the quarter or you're not concerned at all with the prior seasonality here?
Jack Molloy: Not concerned, Keith. And the seasonality, as you mentioned, is a part of our business. The last two years have been a bit different as we navigated through supply chain and eventually unlocked that opportunity through available parts. But just to further dimensionalize it, Q1 orders being a record, as Greg mentioned, ex-home office, 1.9 billion, up 5%. They were similarly in the prior quarter, Q4, which is always our largest quarter, were also up 5%. And that was a $3.7 billion ex-home office print. So that gives you the relationship of Q4 to Q1. And additionally, we're growing at a similar rate, Q4 into Q1. Demand patterns, as we expect, are continuing.
Greg Brown: And the thing I would add is, having said all that, we still expect product orders to grow for the full year, even though we're indexing more, as we've said, to quick turn. And while product backlog, it'll move around a little bit, our expectation is for it to be, I don't know, in the zip code of the mid threes by the year end. So I think generally performing as expected and demand remains solid.
Keith Housum: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Louie DiPalma : Greg, Jason, Jack, Mahesh, and Tim, good afternoon.
Greg Brown: Louis, how are you doing?
Louie DiPalma: Great. Congrats on the launch of SVX and Assist. One of my questions, can you provide more detail in terms of how you were able to attain the superior audio quality for your microphones relative to competitors? And does it come from your decades of heritage as a radio provider? And are there like codecs and AI and software involved? Or how are you able to achieve that?
Jack Molloy: Thanks. You mostly answered the question for me. Yes, it's our decades of experience with audio in particular our expertise in microphone design, microphone diaphragm design, understanding the characteristics of the microphone and then coupling it with the appropriate AI on the backend to effectively do ambient noise cancellation. All of that plays into this whole picture. And I think over the past, I would say two years or so the level to which AI can now parse out what is noise, what is human speech. And in this particular case, understanding human speech is quite important. And that's, we have focused on that. And I think we have delivered on that with SVX.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And secondly, for anybody, are you able to share what AI provider you are partnering with for AI Assist? I know that you have a significant cloud partnership with Google, but are you using like an open source like a language learning model, generative AI provider or is there like a particular vendor you're using?
Jack Molloy: Sure. And I think we've actually talked about this publicly as well. So we leverage Anthropics Cloud for much of what we do when it comes to Assist and all that we do with Assist. And we are constantly looking at models that help us move the ball forward. Some of our biggest concerns in how we design is safety and safeguards that we can put in place. And not all large language models, especially open source large language models allow us to do that. Us being able to apply our domain knowledge to the mix here to understand exactly how we need to apply safeguards to LLMs to allow for Assist to operate the way it needs to, especially in the context of authoring, helping an officer author reports, being able to understand the cognitive psychology elements of what needs to be done along with the machine learning elements of what needs to be done. We get that through cloud and we get that through the safeguards we have implemented on top of that as well. So that's really how we leverage what we do with Assist.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And one final one, you announced the partnership with BRINC for Drones as a first responder. And I was wondering how do you view the TAM and the market rollout for that new product? Two of your competitors have been very vocal about the market opportunity and you guys have also invested with your CAPE software. But I was wondering how does BRINC expand your existing CAPE software platform? Thanks.
Greg Brown: We, the team Mahesh and others have been involved and engaged with BRINC for a while. We're particularly excited by the holistic strategy we've got around drones, the counter drone strategy with SkySafe and drone as a first responder with BRINC. The thing I love about BRINC is it's progressive, it's a nimble company, it is a leading provider specifically for public safety DFR and all of its products are made already in the United States. Great technical architecture, strong partnership and it does more than just the DFR and it can do delivery of like EpiPens or Narcan. So it does more than competitive drones do today. And we view that as expansive and additional areas for us to ingest and capture in command center aware.
Mahesh Saptharishi: And Louis, I think the other thing to note that in the second half of 2024, we saw a fairly sharp increase in FAA waivers for DFR. We see that continuing into 2025. BRINC offers us a differentiated solution as Greg mentioned. In addition to that, we are actively working on integrating assist with our DFR program as well, including with the SVX platform with APX NEXT. So all of that combined, I think we have a fairly unique opportunity here.
Louie DiPalma: Excellent. Thanks everyone.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin : Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I guess the two-parter. I'm interested in your thoughts on what you're seeing into the current and a state budget cycle with respect to federal grant awards. If it looks similar, different versus prior years. And then the second part, any thoughts as majority of states go into the new fiscal year in the back half, any thoughts on what state budgets are looking like into their fiscal '26?
Jack Molloy: Yes, Ben. So hi, it's Jack. I think first of all public safety technology continues to be prioritized. And actually the budget situation across the board from a state and local standpoint on the surface is very good. I'd remind you federal transfer dollars are at best complimentary in the funding environment. State and local budgets are funded largely by income sales and property tax, which including sales tax through Q1, if you look at the receipts are up. So the environment's very good. As we think about the second half of the year because we are in public safety, we're doing a lot of long cycle selling, upgrading LMR systems where there's a lot of customer excitement around the D series, which essentially gives us another opportunity to refresh infrastructure, leveraging smaller geographic footprint, more power, less energy, improved channel spacing and more capacity that actually pulls in LEO, a satellite capability and things that our customers have asked for. So there's a lot of excitement there, but as we start to think about the second half of this year and beyond, pipeline continues to look robust. And so I think that's really the nature of public safety, getting a lot of attention, a lot of priority and around some of the advances in technology and the R&D investments we continue to make that I think meet the market right now. So we're very encouraged.
Ben Bollin: If I could add one follow up. Greg, back in 2013, you guys saw this narrow banding effort that kind of supported a bunch of incremental funding and urgency. And I guess I'm curious if you draw any compares to what you've seen with respect to like ARPA for instance, or any of the stimulus over the last few years. If you see any similarities between the current environment and kind of where we are in that cycle versus what we saw then? And that's it for me. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes, I mean, a little bit, but we talked and I talked about the funding environment that came out with the quote unquote, the “Inflation Reduction Act” and the $1.9 trillion. Obviously that the size of that legislation and stimulus coming out of the federal government in an answer to COVID, nothing was ever larger than that. Having said that, I think we're kind of largely through that. And since we index and orient ourselves more around the continuity of state and local budgets and sale tax, the property tax, and coupled with the fact that as you know, Ben, what we do is higher in the food chain of criticality as opposed to discretionary. I think we've reached a level a little bit more that feels steady state. And I like the consistency of the demand we see. I do think as we've talked about with video being a higher proportion of our business, we're seeing more quick term than more long cycle. And as we've normalized through the supply chain, semiconductor backlog, kind of kink in the hose, we're more regular as well. But a little bit, narrow banding was unique, but I think we're a little bit more steady state.
Jack Molloy: Yes, so Ben, this is Jack. I just don't think I'd add onto that. If you think about 2013 on the narrow banding, that was a mandated move, meaning customer, state of Minnesota, state of Michigan, whoever it might be, you have to move, you have to figure a way to fund an upgrade cycle, both on infrastructure and a lot of times devices. That's far different than ARPA, which last year, if you looked at our 2024 orders was less than 1% of our North American orders. So that would be the only thing that I would just add on to Greg's commentary was in my 30-year career in this business, 2013, 2012 was an externality, unlike we've never seen because it was a mandate. It's required.
Ben Bollin: That's great. Thanks guys. Have a great night.
Operator: The next question is from a line of Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America Securities. Your line is now open.
Tomer Zilberman : Hey guys, I want to continue the line of questioning from earlier. If I look at the 2Q guidance, the revenue growth of 4% was, I think give or take $30 million below the street. Can you just take us through the puts and takes of the growth next quarter? Is there anything in the demand environment that's driving any conservatism?
Jason Winkler: You know, our growth expectations for both Q1, which we achieved and the Q2, which we've just guided to are consistent with the first half that we had put forward for our expectations within the firm. If I think about Q1 and Q2, they're coming off some pretty significant comps from the past two years, which is in part behind the guide. And that was due to the supply chain normalization. So looking at the year, our growth expectations are affirmed at 5.5%, Q2 being the 4% that we guided to.
Greg Brown: And Tomer again, like as we always prepare, we always think about where we guide and what we want to do. And just given this environment in particular, we just thought it was prudent to keep the full year where it is at this point in time. Even though we have, I know your question's Q2, even though we have what was pointed out earlier, a tailwind on FX, let's everybody not get over our skis, be prudent and continue to have this business perform consistently. That's kind of the psychology that's informing the full year.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. And as a follow-up, if we look at the rest of the year, the second half now that you're maintaining the guidance, can you maybe just share with us some indicators that you're seeing that are giving you the confidence to maintain that full year, especially as we think about as we enter 3Q, that 90-day tariff pause comes to an end?
Greg Brown: Yes, I think what we're pleased about is record Q1 orders. What we're enthusiastic about is a very continued strong pipeline. I think that things continue to move quite favorably. By the way, even though we're early into Q2, April is quite good as well. So we like that. And we just want to keep everything off hitting the guardrails and continue to execute. But the indications, the engagements, the pipeline of the quick turn conversion that Molloy's team is successfully doing, I think are all pretty good indicators overall. And by the way, and there's strong adoption on the cloud, there's strong adoption on the cloud as well, which came up earlier. So irrespective of the top line revenue growth number, the more and more this firm indexes to software and services, the more we index to cloud with a vigil on Alta, the more we index to reoccurring, that's a good trend. And we like the markers on that field as well.
Mahesh Saptharishi: And with the growth, we're expecting earnings growth as well.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Matt Nicknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt Nicknam : Hey guys, thank you so much for getting me on. Two if I could. I guess first, if you can comment on the latest you're seeing on the M&A front, just in terms of opportunities and private market valuations? And then secondly, with Europe, I know there's been some talk of increasing defense spend. I knew you primarily focused on more state and local, but I'm wondering if the opportunity or prospect of increased defense spend in Europe presents any incremental opportunities for the company? Thanks.
Greg Brown: I think the M&A discussions remain active, even though the environment for actual deal completion in general has been lower. I'm not saying for MSI, but lower than expected outside. We did close RapidSOS. We closed Theatro. Loved both of those. They're a little over 400 million, coupled with, as I mentioned, the 400 million plus to date in share repo. In Q1, we bought back about 325 million at a price of $437 and change. So the opportunity to invest in share repurchase and inorganic remains strong. And I think our discussions in the private market opportunities and with more current and realistic valuations than maybe a year ago, I think they're active. And I'm pleased with the opportunities that present themselves to us and will continue to be opportunistic as we evaluate and or action on any of them between now and the end of the year. On the second part, I agree with you. I think additional defense spending in Europe overall is good. In Germany and specifically, it's good as European countries move to a higher NATO 3% target of defense spending as a percentage of GDP. We think those are favorable trends and Molloy's, you may want to talk about Germany. You've done a great job there.
Jack Molloy: Greg, sure. Real proud of the work we've done with the German MOD, both from a military and a naval operation standpoint. We've gone in and by the way, worked with local partners to deploy systems. We think there's opportunities for some scale to add additional scale to those programs. The other thing that hasn't been talked a lot is around border security leveraging video, particularly our thermal assets by way of our silent sentinel acquisition. A lot of interest as it relates to that. And so we're excited about that as well, but we're keeping an eye on the budget. It's really important to point out we have teams local that work with our customers and I think they'll continue to work to execute and help our customers the greatest extent they can.
Operator: Our final question today is from the line of Amit Daryanani with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Irvin Liu : Hi, thank you. This is Irvin Liu on for Amit. I had one in a follow-up. First, I hate to be a dead horse, but on the topic of tariffs, you mentioned pricing as a component of your mitigation strategy. Contractually, are you able to pass through some of your higher costs on current backlog or would this more apply to new orders? And then can you share with us any sort of customer feedback as it relates to potential price increases?
Jason Winkler: Our pricing opportunities are within the pipeline that's ahead of us generally on new orders. Jack, do you want to talk about services, renewals and maybe how they work every year? There's an opportunity there too.
Jack Molloy: Yes, so we do have, we have opportunity on services. We typically have two big contractual gating and that's in largely in June. And again, in January, we have done, by the way, we've added cybersecurity capabilities to what I kind of call an enhanced service offering. With the price increase we did that last year. We're evaluating new opportunities this year. You also asked the question as it relates to what our customers are saying and largely our customers have already gotten a lot of price increases. So I think there's an expectation in the marketplace. That's what we're hearing, not only from our customers, but also from our partners that there will be some pricing actions taken in the near term.
Greg Brown: And Irvin, just to add one last level of the dimensionalization, we're mitigating about a $100 million, but the majority of that mitigation is cost reductions, not pricing opportunities, just to dimensionalize it.
Irvin Liu: Got it. Thank you for the color there. And then for my second question, it's great to see your AI innovation address real world use cases out in the field. So I appreciate the color on your monetization efforts as well. I think it's great for your TAM, it's great for your pipeline, but maybe from a customer perspective, as it relates to budgets, do you anticipate budget dollars shifting higher for some of the technology investments that your public safety customers are looking at? I'm just kind of curious because, any color on budgets as it relates to AI spend would be helpful? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Yes, maybe Mahesh will tag on this, but as it relates, and I mentioned it earlier, but I think what we're seeing in particular, I'm thinking about a couple RFPs that are imminent, but yes, I think particularly within our major, what I would kind of call tier zero, tier one cities, they're starting to think about leveraging technology, pulling together the command center, providing more mobile capability, their officers by way of APX NEXT, our SVX device. We talked about DFR earlier. Those are the kinds of things that will continue to draw attention and probably appropriate more money within our big city police forces in the United States. Mahesh, I don't know if you have anything you want to add on that.
Mahesh Saptharishi: So just maybe from a slightly different perspective on this, how users interact with software is just fundamentally changing. AI is redefining what a user interface looks like. What that means is that across all our command center software products, we are embedding Assist, and Assist is part of the solution there. We typically have three tiers of solutions across our command center products. There's starter, there's standard, and there's plus. For each of those, we're revealing assist as a key capability. At the starting of the levels of the first tier, it's everything that's related to search, everything that's related to summarization of information, really making information easy to find. And we do this across the entire incident timeline. And what that really does is it actually encourages cross-sell of our solutions across the products. The next tier is really proactively surfacing information. And as we think about what we have done for Assist for 911, as an example, there was a daughter who called 911 really because her mother needed help, medical assistance. The location was associated with the daughter's phone. Assist prompted the call taker to confirm whether the mother was in the same location as the daughter. And it did turn out that they were in two different locations. That makes 911 response that much more effective. And the third level is really where we can start automating multiple tasks, now getting closer to agentic AI, where, for example, if there's an Amber alert and that process is triggered during a call, we can do multiple things, including understanding the LPR information, being able to trigger searches automatically through our LPR network, searching video networks, being able to dispatch drones, multiple things that can really effectively solve that problem. Those three levels are embedded into our products. And what we're fundamentally doing is making our core applications that much more powerful and tied together, making them that much more powerful as well. So it's a different perspective as opposed to thinking of Assist purely as a discrete entity that we monetize.
Irvin Liu: Got it, thanks for the color.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I'll now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Thanks, and thanks everybody for dialing in and listening. I want to start with thanking all of the Motorola Solutions people and all of our partners. A specific shout out and grateful acknowledgement to the SVX team, Mahesh and Scott, Mollen and all the people, engineering, development, product, sales, everything. It culminates in an 18 month plus effort on just to kind of piggyback on what Mahesh just said. Look, we're interested, innovation is the oxygen of our company. We have a robust patent portfolio. Obviously, you know, we defend that voraciously, but we're all about innovation, particularly organic or inorganic, but we're developing around the needs through the lens of our customer. And while we're proud of our individual products, we're doing things in mind with a total safety and security ecosystem that resonates with the public safety community that makes them more productive. We have the best products, but we also talk about user interface, productivity benefits, total emergency workflow, expanding situational awareness. And just again, in particular, the SVX team and all and everybody involved was outstanding. I'm excited by the investments we're making in innovation. Welcome to the RapidSOS and Theatro employees that joined the Motorola Solutions team. We talked about our excitement around drones, both counter and drone as a first responder and some of the superior characteristics and attributes that brings us in that partnership. SVX and Assist, we talked about. I liked the fact that we had record product introductions at ISC West. So I like where we are. I'm heartened that the composition of our revenue continues to more index toward recurring and software and services. And I appreciate all of you joining us. I appreciate the whole team in Motorola Solutions for your execution. And we'll see you in a quarter again, but thanks for everybody's efforts. Appreciate you.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the internet within three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-13 17:00:00) =====
Operator: A webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of the call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. If you would like to ask a question, please press star five on your telephone keypad to be placed in the queue. You may also press star five again to remove yourself from the queue. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference. Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2024 fourth quarter earnings call.
Tim Yocum: With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factor section on our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K, or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm gonna start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through results and our outlook. First, Q4 was another exceptional quarter. We achieved record revenue in both segments in all three technologies, including double-digit growth in video and command center, highlighting the depth and breadth of our safety and security ecosystem that helps us protect people, property, and places. Additionally, we generated Q4 record operating earnings in both segments and ended the year with a record backlog of $14.7 billion, up $438 million inclusive of $226 million of unfavorable currency rates. Second, our full-year results were outstanding. Product and SI revenue was up 10% driven by growth in both LMR and video. We also expanded operating margins in the segment by 380 basis points driven in part by continued favorable mix to our feature-rich devices and lower material costs. In software and services, revenue was up 5% or 13% excluding UK Home Office, driven by strong growth in video command center and our LMR services businesses outside of the US. We also grew earnings per share 16%, operating cash flow by 17%, and strengthened our safety and security offerings with four acquisitions in our video and command center technologies. And subsequent to quarter-end, we announced that we've entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Theatro, a maker of AI and voice-powered communication and digital workflow software for frontline workers. And finally, as we enter 2025, the continued robust demand for our solutions coupled with our record backlog positions us well for another year of strong revenue, earnings per share, and cash flow growth. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 6% and was above our guidance with growth in both segments and all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $37 million and the impact of favorable foreign currency rates was $6 million. GAAP operating earnings were $814 million or 27% of sales, up from 25.9% a year ago quarter, driven primarily by a recovery related to the Hi Terra litigation. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $916 million, up 5% from the year-ago quarter, and non-GAAP operating margin was 30.4% versus 30.5% in the year-ago quarter. GAAP earnings per share was $3.56, up from $3.47 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $4.04, up 4% from $3.90 last year, driven by higher sales and favorable mix. OpEx in Q4 was $652 million, up $55 million versus the prior year, primarily due to higher employee incentives, investments in video, and higher expenses from acquisitions. For the full year 2024, revenue was $10.8 billion, up 8% with strong growth in both segments and across all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $95 million and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency rates was $2 million. GAAP operating earnings were $2.7 billion or 24.8% of sales versus 23% in the prior year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $3.1 billion, up $358 million, and non-GAAP operating margins were 29% of sales, up from 27.9% of sales in the prior year, driven by higher sales, favorable mix, and lower direct material costs, partially offset by the AirWave charge control and the impact of acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share was $9.23, from $9.93 in the prior year, primarily due to the $3.42 per share pretax loss booked in Q1 related to the accounting treatment for the settlement of the Silver Lake convertible notes. Non-GAAP EPS was $13.84, up 16% from $11.95 in 2023, driven primarily by higher earnings. For the full year, OpEx was $2.4 billion, up $197 million versus 2023, primarily driven by higher employee incentives, higher expenses associated with acquisitions, and higher legal costs inclusive of the CMA appeal. And the effective tax rate for 2024 was 22%, compared to 21.9% in the prior year. Turning to cash flow, Q4 operating cash flow was $1.1 billion, down from $1.2 billion in the prior year as the linearity of cash generation improved and resulted in full-year record operating cash flow of $2.4 billion and record free cash flow of $2.1 billion. The 17% year-over-year operating cash flow increase was driven by higher earnings and marks the second consecutive year of double-digit operating cash flow growth. Capital allocation in 2024 included $654 million in dividends, $282 million for acquisitions, $244 million in share repurchases, and $257 million of CapEx. We also used $593 million of cash to settle the Silver Lake convertible premium in Q1 and increased our dividend by 11% in November, which was our fourteenth consecutive year of double-digit increases. Moving to segment results and products, Q4 sales were up 3% versus last year driven by growth in LMR and video. Revenue from acquisitions was $11 million in the quarter while the impact of favorable foreign currency rates was $1 million. Operating earnings were $594 million or 30.5% of sales, up from 30% in the prior year driven by higher sales, favorable mix, and lower direct material costs. Some notable wins and achievements in this segment include a $53 million P25 device order from a US state and local customer, a $52 million P25 system and device order for a Canadian customer, a $36 million P25 device order for Broward Sheriff's Office in Florida, a $33 million P25 system order from the Kentucky State Police, a $32 million P25 device order for the City of Phoenix Police and Fire, a $16 million fixed video order for Duke Energy. And for the full year, Products and SI revenue was $6.9 billion, up 10% from the prior year driven by higher sales in LMR and video. Revenue from acquisitions was $43 million and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency rates was $2 million. Full-year operating earnings were $1.9 billion or 28.1% of sales, up from 24.3% in the prior year on higher sales, favorable mix, and lower direct material costs. In software and services, Q4 revenue was up 11% driven by growth in all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $26 million while the impact of favorable foreign currency rates was $5 million. Q4 operating earnings in this segment were $322 million and operating margins were 30.3% of sales, down from 31.6% last year primarily driven by acquisitions. Some notable Q4 highlights in this segment include a $329 million ten-year services renewal for Melbourne, Australia's LMR network, a $160 million five-year LMR managed services renewal for Norway's nationwide public safety network, a $68 million LMR services order for a US state local customer, a $40 million command center order from the Scottish Fire Services, and finally, a $16 million fixed video order for the Sao Paulo state government in Brazil. For the full year, SNS revenue was $3.9 billion, up 5% compared to last year. When excluding the UK Home Office, revenue grew 13% with growth in all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $52 million during the year. Full-year operating earnings were $1.2 billion or 30.8% of sales, down 310 basis points versus the prior year driven by the AirWave charge control and higher expenses associated with acquired businesses during the year. Looking at regional results, North America revenue was $2.2 billion in Q4, up 9% and $7.8 billion for the full year, up 13%, driven by growth in both segments and in all three technologies. International Q4 revenue was $807 million, down 3% versus last year, primarily driven by lower Ukraine revenue in the current year and our exit from ESN which was in the year-ago quarter, offset by growth in video and command center. For the full year, international revenue was $3 billion, down 2%. Excluding the UK Home Office, international revenue was up mid-single digits driven by growth in all three technologies. Moving next to backlog, ending backlog for Q4 was $14.7 billion, up $438 million versus last year, inclusive of $226 million of foreign currency headwinds. Sequentially, backlog was up $602 million inclusive of $319 million of foreign currency headwinds. In the products and SI segment, ending backlog was down $858 million driven primarily by strong LMR shipments during the year. Sequentially, backlog was down $46 million primarily driven by unfavorable FX. In software and services, backlog increased $1.3 billion from last year and $648 million sequentially. The growth was driven by strong demand in all three technologies, inclusive of foreign currency headwinds of $195 million year over year and $281 million sequentially. Turning next to our outlook, we expect Q1 sales to be up between 5% and 5.5% with non-GAAP EPS between $2.98 and $3.03 per share. This assumes approximately $25 million in foreign exchange headwinds, 171 million diluted shares, and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of approximately 21%. And for the full year, we expect revenue growth of approximately 5.5% inclusive of our expectations for $120 million of FX headwinds, driven by the US dollar strength over the last few months. And for non-GAAP earnings per share between $14.64 and $14.74 per share. The full-year outlook also assumes 171 million shares and a non-GAAP effective tax rate of approximately 23%. Additionally, the outlook assumes tariff rates that are in effect today. And finally, with respect to cash flow, we expect to generate $2.7 billion in OCF, which we would expect to make 2025 our third consecutive year of double-digit operating cash flow growth. And before I turn it over to Greg, I wanted to share just a few other things. First, with the UK Home Office headwinds behind us on a full-year basis, and the strong momentum we are seeing in cloud adoption in SaaS, we expect our SNS segment growth to be high single digits or double digits when normalized for FX. And on the product segment, we are expecting low to mid-single-digit growth coming off a record 2024. Secondly, I would provide you with some color on technology growth expectations as well. In video, we're planning for another strong year of approximately 10% to 12% growth inclusive of the increased cloud adoption we're seeing from our customers. In command center, we're planning for 12% growth driven in part by continued strong adoption for our SaaS offerings there. And in LMR, we expect low to mid-single-digit growth inclusive of the majority of the FX headwinds that I mentioned earlier. And finally, I'd highlight the strength of our balance sheet, which includes over $2 billion in cash at year-end, a fixed-rate debt maturity profile with no significant maturities until 2028, and a solid investment-grade credit rating. All of which gives us significant flexibility in capital allocation. Greg, I'd like to turn it back to you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. And let me just end with some final thoughts. First, 2024 was another exceptional year for the company. We achieved record sales in both segments in all three technologies, significantly expanded operating margins, grew EPS by 16%, generated record operating cash flow of $2.4 billion, up 17% from the prior year. And we also returned almost $1.5 billion to our shareholders through dividends, share repurchases, and the settlement of the Silver Lake convertible note at less than $320 a share, and we added four acquisitions within our video and command center technologies. Second, the investments we're making in software and services continue to drive strong recurring revenue growth for the company. Software and services revenue was up 13% during the year excluding UK Home Office, driven in part by accelerating demand for our software solutions in command center, video, and our suite of applications running on our APEX Next family of devices. We also finished the year with SNS backlog of $10.6 billion, up 14% including record backlog in all three technologies which is informing our guide for another strong year of growth in 2025. And finally, as we enter this year, we're very well positioned for another outstanding year. Our customers are continuing to invest in LMR for the long term highlighted by the numerous large multiyear contracts that we received over the last year. We're also seeing strong interest in our latest generation D series Astro infrastructure which is creating a healthy pipeline of upgrade opportunities and is a further testament to the foundational longevity of this technology. Additionally, the upgrade cycle to our APEX Next family of devices continues to drive product and recurring revenue growth via the applications that are on each device. In video and command center, we continue to see robust demand and are expecting another year of double-digit growth in both of those technologies as well. Finally, our healthy cash generation and strong balance sheet with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.1, probably the lowest we've seen in almost a decade, provides us with significant flexibility to deploy capital opportunistically and drive value for our shareholders in our total addressable market which is now approximately $72 billion. So now I'll give the call back to Tim and we can take your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. For any reason you would like to remove yourself from the queue, please press star five once again. We do ask that while you pose your question, you please pick up your handset to provide optimal sound quality. Thank you. The first question is from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Alyssa Shreves: Hi. This is Alyssa on for Tim. I just wanted to quickly touch base on with all the recent Trump administration, federal spending shifts, and Doge, are you guys seeing any impact in terms of customer behavior or timing of deployment? Then I had one follow-up to that.
Greg Brown: No. We're not. I think that, you know, my view and our view of Doge, we like the opportunity where the government is deploying that organization to get after kind of frivolous and wasteful spending, which I think is a good thing overall, but in direct answer to your question, we're not seeing any changes in customer behavior as a result of that effort at this point in time.
Alyssa Shreves: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one follow-up on the video piece. Given the 10% to 12% is inclusive of customers moving to the cloud, how should we think about if there wasn't a move to the cloud, would the growth be a point or two higher if we didn't count those headwinds if customers moved to the cloud? How should we think about the growth rate for video with the move to cloud?
Greg Brown: We love the fact that customers are moving to the cloud. You know, we offer solutions for both prem and cloud. We talked about it last year that there was pretty good acceleration to the cloud. We are seeing a continuation of that, which is a good thing, and we love the fact that we're still able to grow double digits 10% to 12% even with the cloud adoption which of course kind of smooths out revenue recs. So we see it as a favorable trend. We like the continued momentum. And we think we're well positioned. And the cloud adoption continues in other parts of the portfolio, command center and the work that Mahesh has done there. So and with the further integration of video and command center and the likes, we view that the cloud adoption of our customers to be a strengthened indicator across really the entire platform degree.
Alyssa Shreves: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Mary: Hi. This is Mary on for Meta. Another question on Federal. What are you seeing in terms of the federal budget approval and any upside from immigration efforts, and any expectation of Ukraine revenue this year?
Greg Brown: Yeah. By the way, just as it relates to Ukraine, really, no revenue expectation for this year. We had about $80 million last year, so we don't have expectations for really any Ukrainian revenue at this point in 2025. Most of the Ukraine revenues were in PCR. That's true. And, Mary, most of our engagement with the federal government is DOJ, DHS, and DOD, and I would say DOD is base security. Think of enterprise security at base security operations, multiyear pipeline. We've got P25, both systems and device opportunities. I think it's important to highlight that yesterday, we were given a go-ahead in FedRAMP high classification which enables us to sell APEX Next or application services on APEX Next. We're excited about that because, actually, that'll open up incremental opportunities to sell high-tier devices into said agencies. And then the last thing I'd highlight is video engagement. Government is outpaced video security growth for the company. And federal government has certainly been an area of brightness for us. And I think the engagement with our customers with the new administration continues to look very positive. And if you think about video all in, all in for us, it was a little over $550 million last year in the government vertical. The government vertical remains our largest for video. And we expect in 2025 all-in video growth to grow faster than the 10% to 12% for the technology as a whole.
Mary: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joseph Cardoso with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Joseph Cardoso: Hey. Thanks for the question. I guess maybe just wanted to follow-up on that last one and just maybe it's more of a clarification. But Greg, you know, we saw some interviews, you know, towards the end of the year. Where essentially post the election, you're sounding a little bit more positive about the operating environment. Highlighting some of the topics and focus around police and border patrol, obviously. You know? And, obviously, we see the rhetoric out there, but just curious, like, could you just dimensionalize, like, how tangible this is today in terms of potentially maybe upside to, like, spending? Across maybe some of those areas of focus. And if you're actually seeing it, in orders or at least is there any early discussions with customers that is kind of tied into maybe that upside around that and then I have a quick follow-up for Jason.
Greg Brown: Sure, Joe. Well, so let's start with kinda since we last talked in November, and I gave high-level color of 5% to 6% all in for the firm. We guided obviously at 5.5%, but when you incorporate the expectations for $120 million of FX, it's actually a stronger view today in February than I had in 2025 than I had in November. So I think the also the positive feeling about the year is informed not just by the record backlog, but by the pipeline. The pipeline continues to grow. So with the pipeline growing, and the setup for this year, I feel pretty good about where we are. I'd think that in addition to growing the top line 5.5% absorbing expectations for FX, we expect gross margins to be comparable to slightly up. We still expect operating margin expansion and, you know, that's inclusive of about $25 million of headwind associated with higher interest and a little bit of a higher tax rate. So all in, Joe, I kinda like the setup. I think the Trump administration's continued orientation around public safety around border security and the work they've done, you know, tactically since then, since election, end to now is generally favorable. They're looking at and it would you know, I got an earlier question about those. Look, they're looking about efficiencies and workflow, and a lot of what we do in public safety and security speaks to workflow efficiencies and doing more with less. So I feel good about where we are. And we'll operate accordingly with this administration.
Joseph Cardoso: No. That's great, Greg. Thank you for the insights there. And then maybe just a quick one for Jason on the tariffs. Can you maybe just quantify how much of a headwind you're embedding from a tariff impact? And then the second part of that is any way you can kind of help us think about if you're more biased to any of the particular regions that are under the scope here.
Jason Winkler: Sure. Thanks. So, clearly, supply chain has never changing environment. You know, having tackled semiconductor challenges over the last two years. Now it's tariffs. We like our footprint, the flexibility of it. And where we're positioned. Outside the USA, we're in Mexico, Malaysia, and then Canada in that order. China is not a risk for us. The 301 tariffs we've navigated with minimal impact because we don't have operations or manufacturing there. So as we look forward in the guide we gave was reflective of the tariff rates that we're paying today continue to monitor and navigate with flexibility in the footprint we have. ROI-based decisions with facts on the ground as they present themselves. So we'll continue to be nimble in that regard. And Joe, just an adder even though it's a tariff kinda slash supply chain question. Jason's team and Chad Workham did a great job over the last year or two. We did end up benefiting $65 to $70 million of PPV benefit which we said we would achieve last year, baked into the forward-looking guidance for this year, we're expecting PPV benefit of about $25 million that would help you to kind of dimensionalize the current trend in that regard.
Joseph Cardoso: Yeah. It, guys. Thank you for all the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thanks, Joe. Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, guys. Hopefully, you know, Jason or Greg, can you guys I the Theatro acquisition a little bit more for us in terms of what it brings to the table in terms of, you know, its capabilities and how you plan on, you know, expanding the business from here?
Jason Winkler: Yeah, Keith. So in terms of revenue contributions, we expect it to close this year. It'll be pretty small. We will record it and it'll be part of our command center offer. We're really excited about the technology that it represents and I think Mahesh is best positioned to give you some insights as to why. These are for frontline workers, eyes up, hands-free.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Is important, but they would like to benefit from AI as well. And audio ends up being a very significant interface into AI. And Theatro has an entire solution that is turnkey today specifically optimized for frontline worker workflows. They're very strong in retail, and we feel like we can expand them into other markets as well, so we're pretty excited.
Keith Housum: Great. Appreciate it. And and I can just expand, Jason, on the tariff question from before, know what your commentary was that things are tariffs are in place today, but it sounds like, you know, Canadian and Mexico shares could be on a I'm becoming really quick. Is it possible to kinda give some context of what perhaps would mean for you guys?
Jason Winkler: I think with the flexible footprint, Keith, we would first of all, need to understand what the tariffs are. We're working through that as well as where, and how we would switch positioning. So you know, the tariffs that have been discussed, we're working through them. In terms of what's in our guide, it's the tariffs that are in effect right now. And, you know, as early as today, there was mention of more we'll continue to work through those and see what options we have to navigate the footprint we have. We as you know, we use a global manufacturing footprint across EMS's that can afford us flexibility. Could take some investment, could take a little time. But we'll continue to monitor this. But what's reflected now is what's on in paper right now.
Keith Housum: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Jack, Mahesh, and Tim, good afternoon.
Greg Brown: Hey, Louie. How are you?
Louie DiPalma: Well, there's been a lot of questions on Doge, which relates to federal spending and efficiency. But I was wondering, how is the local and state spending environment right now in the US? I think it was a year or two years ago you said it was the strongest spending environment that you've ever seen, Greg. But how would you categorize it now two years later?
Jack Molloy: Yeah. Hey, Louie. It's Jack. First of all, I think the most important point here is what's happening in urban American cities across the country. Public safety public safety technology continues to get prioritized. So that's the overarching narrative. As it applies to funding, it's still a very good I'd say it's a great funding environment. If you think about it, local revenues essentially come from income sales, and property taxes there's been a tailwind, and, actually, inflation has put more money into state and local call as it relates to that. In addition, 911 funding, the environment is strong there. So 2025 looks to be historically, and I've been in doing business in state local for 25 years. It's as good as an environment as Greg articulated two years ago I agree. Today. And I think the point is we look at a lot of things. Our pipeline, as Jason and Greg indicated, continues to be strong. But we're also looking at, you know, bottom of funnel things, quoting and activity, which is up substantially year over year and I think that's a measure not only of sales activity but customer demand and what they need to keep their municipality safe.
Louie DiPalma: Thanks. Thanks, Jack. And on several earnings calls and, you know, for fireside chat, Mahesh you have discussed a Motorola's robust investments in AI for like, video preventive alerts and 911 transcription and many other applications. I was wondering, the LMR side, Apple has launched I'm Apple Intelligence at the edge. And does Motorola have plans to also bring AI apps to know, your edge radio is beyond what you already have is that like, a big focus area for the company?
Mahesh Saptharishi: So if I maybe take a step back there, Louie, today, like, you take a generative AI model, a large language model of some sort, you can get it to summarize. You can chat with it, etcetera. It's pretty easy to implement those capabilities. Taking it to the mission-critical problem set is quite different, and it's much harder, specifically because you are not catering to the typical circumstances. You're actually catering to the somewhat typical and atypical circumstances. And oftentimes, those atypical circumstances are actually the life-critical problems that we deal with. When it comes to AI for us, we actually already played not just in the cloud, but also at the edge. The majority of our video platforms today, over 90% of our cameras, actually have edge intelligence built into them. Most of them run vision transformers and other AI technologies, both to mainly for computer vision type of applications. So as we think about what we do on the radio side, we introduced, Vicky quite a few, years ago along with APEX Next. And we feel like that combined with generative AI capabilities gets us more capabilities, and we are thinking about that and we are planning for it. Audio quality ends up being a very significant part of it, and that we believe is a significant strength of APEX Next and our radio products as a whole. So there's a lot to be excited about that.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And are you using like, AI to improve the existing high audio quality of your LMR network?
Mahesh Saptharishi: We use AI actively for background noise cancellation, and we also use it to improve the audio codec itself. Along with a beam steering for the multiple microphones we have on our RSMs.
Louie DiPalma: Excellent. Thanks. That was exactly what I was looking for. Thanks, Mahesh.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Great.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Tomer Zilberman: Hey, guys. Sorry. I joined a little bit late. So apologies if these questions have already been asked. But looking at the P&L, it looks like your the product portion of your video security business actually picked up this quarter. I just wanted to see what the trends were there specifically around video security product.
Jason Winkler: Yeah. So you're picking up on it. Right? It did grow in Q4. And as we mentioned last quarter, the solution of NVIDIA is not only products, it also software. And the software rate of growth within video has for the entirety of 2024 grew faster than that of products. So the product growth, we're pleased with in Q4. Represents a bit more cameras. Contribution towards products, and the software that's embedded with them follows.
Tomer Zilberman: Understood. And maybe as a follow-up asking about backlog. I guess more philosophically, where do you think the product portion of your backlog not where it ends up, but going forward over the next few years, do you get back to a roughly $3 billion historical level or because there's an increase video security portion, does that have elevated levels versus historical?
Jason Winkler: Oh, the video part of our business would is growing, and we expect this year to be over $2 billion, is largely a quick turn business and doesn't come from backlog. So that is changing the mix of what we would expect to do. But I think stepping back, demand continues to be strong. It's reflective in not only our backlog position, but also a growing pipeline. And this quick turner in your orders is something that in any year is important to be a contributor to our outlook expectation. So it's both backlog and pipeline.
Tomer Zilberman: Exactly. Understood. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tomer. This concludes our question and answer session.
Operator: We will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: So I just want to say thank you to all the people and the partners in Motorola Solutions that made this past year a great year. I appreciate everything you do. Importantly or more importantly, I appreciate what you continue to do. As we start this year, with a growing pipeline, a strong balance sheet, and operating a company where safety and security remains prioritized. With a lot of our end-user customers, and I think that informs our excitement about the year. Informs our prudent guide. But it leads me to anticipate another year of record revenue, of record earnings, and I love the fact that we're set up and we expect a third consecutive year of double-digit operating cash flow. I also do want to point out and thank all the people associated with the LA fires and the terrorist attack in New Orleans. By the way, there's some employees that were impacted within our company by those tragedies. But every single time something like that occurs, inevitably, I hear from Jack and the team about countless examples of selfless employees who go above and beyond. And I'm reminded around the criticality in of our the solutions that we sell in all things public safety and mission-critical communications, and I appreciate that. Thank you for joining us today. Look forward to talking to you all again with our team in May, and I appreciate you. Thanks.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet within three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2024 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2023 Annual report on Form 10-K or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to share a few thoughts before Jason takes you through our results and outlook. First, Q3 was another outstanding quarter with record Q3 revenue and earnings per share that exceeded our guidance. Revenue was up 9% in the quarter, highlighted by 11% growth in Products and SI and 7% growth in software and services, inclusive of the U.K. Home Office revenue reduction. We also expanded operating margins year-over-year for the ninth consecutive quarter, increased earnings per share by 17% and generated record Q3 operating cash flow of over $750 million. Second, demand for our solutions remains robust as we achieved record Q3 orders in all three of our technologies. In LMR, we continue to see customers investing for the long-term with many choosing us to provide software upgrades and value-added services on their networks via multiyear agreements as well as upgrading their devices to our latest APX NEXT family of radios. And in our video and command center technologies, the powerful integration of our software applications across our ecosystem is driving strong demand and contributing to record ending backlog and software and services. And finally, based on our Q3 results and the strong momentum we see across the business. We're again raising our estimates for revenue, earnings per share and cash flow for the full year. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 9% and was above our guidance with growth in both segments, both regions and all three technologies. Acquisitions added $36 million during the quarter, while FX headwinds were $4 million. GAAP operating earnings were $711 million or 25.5% of sales up from 25% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $830 million, up 12% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margin was 29.7%, up 70 basis points, driven by higher sales, favorable mix and lower direct material costs, partially offset by the Airwave charge control, higher expenses related to investments in video and higher employee incentives. GAAP earnings per share was $3.29, up from $2.70 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.74, up 17% from $3.19 last year. The growth in EPS was driven by higher sales, favorable mix and a lower effective tax rate. OpEx in Q3 was $617 million, up $66 million versus last year, primarily due to continued investments in video and higher employee incentives. Turning to our cash flow. Q3 operating cash flow was $759 million, up $45 million versus last year, and free cash flow was $702 million, up $53 million. The increase in year-over-year cash flow was primarily driven by higher earnings. For the full year, we are again raising our operating cash flow guide. We now expect full year operating cash flow of approximately $2.3 billion, up from our previous guide of $2.25 billion. Capital allocation in Q3 included $164 million in cash dividends, $31 million in share repurchases and $57 million in CapEx. Additionally, we closed and funded two acquisitions that we announced on our previous earnings call for $223 million, settled $313 million of 4% senior notes that were due within the quarter, and subsequent to quarter end, we acquired 3tc, an international provider of command center software solutions for $22 million. Moving to our segment results. In the Products and SI segment, sales were up 11% versus last year, driven primarily by growth in LMR. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $11 million, while FX headwinds were $1 million. Operating earnings were $522 million or 29.3% of sales, up from 26.1% in the prior year, driven by higher sales, favorable mix and lower direct material costs. Some notable Q3 wins and achievements in this segment include an $88 million P25 system and device order for a customer in North Africa, a $31 million P25 system for a U.S. state local customer, a $31 million P25 system for a county in Wisconsin, a $25 million P25 system expansion order for Tennessee's statewide network, a $23 million P25 device order for a U.S. federal customer, and a $4 million fixed video order or a U.S. federal customer. In Software and Services revenue was up 7% compared to last year. And when excluding the U.K. Home Office revenue grew 13% with growth in all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $25 million in the quarter and FX headwinds were $3 million. Operating earnings in this segment were $308 million or 30.6% of sales, down from 34% last year due to the impact of the Airwave charge control. Some notable Q3 highlights in the segment of S&S include a $30 million command center order for the state of Utah, an $18 million mobile video order for Sao Paulo State Government in Brazil and a $24 million command center order for Maricopa County Sheriff's Office, which is a significant win, highlighting the demand for our new recurring license model. The solution purchase included our CAD and Records platform as well as numerous cloud-connected capabilities, including the Rave suite. We also were awarded three large LMR contract renewals during the quarter, $191 million from the U.S. Navy, over $100 million for South Carolina statewide network and $84 million for the federal law enforcement agency. Less than $30 million of these $375 million of contracts is in our Q3 ending backlog with the remainder to be recorded ratably over the term of the contracts. Looking at regional results. Next, North America Q3 revenue was $2 billion, up 13% on growth in all three technologies. International Q3 revenue was $783 million, up 1% versus last year, driven by growth in all three technologies offset by the U.K. Home Office revenue reduction. Excluding the U.K. Home Office, our international revenue grew high single digits. Moving to our backlog. Ending backlog for Q3 was $14.1 billion, down $178 million or 1% versus last year due to strong LMR shipments and revenue recognition for the U.K. Home Office, partially offset by multiyear software and service agreements and favorable FX. Sequentially, backlog was up $135 million or 1%, driven by strong growth in multiyear service and software contracts in North America and favorable FX, partially offset by strong LMR shipments and revenue recognition for the U.K. Home Office. In the Products and SI segment, backlog decreased $712 million versus last year and $151 million sequentially, driven by strong LMR shipments. In Software and Services backlog increased $534 million compared to last year and $286 million sequentially, driven by strong demand for multiyear software and services contracts, favorable FX partially offset by revenue recognition for the U.K. Home Office. Turning next to our outlook. For the full year, we now expect revenue growth of 8.25%, up from our prior guidance of approximately 8% and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $13.63 and $13.68 per share, up from our prior guidance of $13.22 per share to $13.30 per share. This full year outlook assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 171 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 22.5%. Additionally, we now expect full year OpEx of approximately $2.4 billion, driven by higher employee incentives aligned to our performance increased legal spend inclusive of the CMA appeal process and acquisitions. And finally, before turning the call back to Greg, I would like to share a couple of insights on our segments. The strong demand we're seeing for our technologies and our performance is reflected in both of our segments. In Products and SI, the improved supply chain environment has helped us expand margins while normalizing supplier lead times have enabled us to improve our customer delivery times. And in S&S, we've grown double digits year-to-date, excluding the impact of the U.K. Home Office, which began in August of last year. In LMR, our customers continue to choose us as a trusted partner to invest in their networks through long-term multiyear agreements. And in Video and Command Center, cloud solutions continue to grow at a faster pace than on-prem and the investments we've made in the portfolio position us well for this to continue. Finally, our strong cash generation liquidity profile, together with a net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.4 gives us significant flexibility in our capital allocation strategy. I'll now turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. Let me end with a few thoughts. First, I'm really pleased with how we continue to execute. During the quarter, we generated strong revenue growth in both segments, expanded operating margins by 70 basis points, grew EPS by 17%, generated over $750 million of operating cash flow, and we achieved record Q3 orders in all three technologies. Second, as customers continue to invest in leading-edge technologies our solutions, integrating voice, video and data across public safety and enterprise workflows are becoming increasingly more important to them. Adoption of our command center and video applications that leverage cloud and AI continues to accelerate, which in turn is driving higher recurring revenue in those respective technologies. And in LMR, we're also seeing strong adoption for the broadband-enabled applications on our APX NEXT family of radios. Many of these new applications were on display last month at the annual IACP Conference in Boston and the customer feedback from the event has been overwhelmingly positive. And finally, as we look to close out another record year, I feel really good about the business and our opportunities for continued growth. The prioritization of safety and security remains robust. We're continuing to add value for our customers through new offerings. Our end markets remain resilient, and our strong balance sheet with the lowest net debt-to-EBITDA ratio in almost a decade positions us well for organic and inorganic investments to drive long-term shareholder value. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Greg, before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, could you please remind callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is unmuted. Please ask your question.
Ben Bollin: Greg, if I recall, I think in prior years, at the end of 3Q, you've given some thoughts into subsequent to forward year. You shared some thoughts, big picture on funding and growth overall. Curious if you have any more granularity about how you're thinking about ‘25 as we're going into it and any individual perspectives within LMR surveillance command center within that? And then I just have a follow-up.
Greg Brown: Yes, Ben, thanks for the question. You're right. I think, look, as we sit here in November, I think the color I would give you looking forward to next year is revenue growth of, I'd say, 5% to 6% as we sit here today. That's a prudent view. But that's our current thinking. I think that as it relates to this year, supply chain lead times normalized faster, which is a good thing, which drove a strong 2024. Demand remains strong. As I mentioned just now in comments with both Jason and I, I'm particularly pleased, really pleased that we had record Q3 orders in all three technologies. And as we think about kind of exiting this year into next year, we now expect total backlog to be up versus a quarter ago when we said comparable to slightly up. And while we won't dimensionalize the individual technologies and we'll give you more color in February, I would expect -- obviously, we expect revenue growth in both S&S and products. High level, I see software and services growing about 2x Products and SI for 2025. But I like the overall backlog position, which we now expect to be up, love the record orders position exiting Q3. And if anything, I feel better today than I was a quarter ago, obviously, both about the full year '24 and the momentum heading into next year and we'll give you the details in February.
Jason Winkler: And Greg, I'd add that we expect operating margin expansion as well within S&S. Next year in '25, we'll have the financial comparability of this year having had the Airwave price control relative to next year. So, the S&S segment will have a clean comp. And we'll continue to do what it's done, which is grow and grow operating leverage. And then secondly, within -- even within products, while this year in '24, we had a $70 million benefit for lower semiconductor or PPV relief, we'll have about $20 million and the tail end of it into next year, which should also help operating margins as well.
Greg Brown: That's right. So, Ben, high level, 5% to 6% next year sitting here in November, software and service is growing about 2x product. And as Jason just appropriately added, we expect continued operating margin expansion and expected cash flow growth with a much smaller PPV contribution in '25. Thanks for the question.
Ben Bollin: That's great. One follow-up for me would be, where are your thoughts, where we stand today on mix of recurring revenue and how you feel about that going forward? That's it for me.
Greg Brown: Yes. As you know, we talk about software and services as kind of a proxy for recurring revenue. That's kind of why I mentioned our thinking about 2025 with the U.K. Home Office financially from a comp standpoint, pretty much being normalized through the comparable previous periods. We now expect S&S to grow about 2x product. We also see continued adoption on cloud, particularly around video. And we also see more cloud adoption on command center. We think both those trends are favorable. So recurring revenue is healthy and then reoccurring revenue around device refresh and multiyear services as strong as well.
Jason Winkler: And the backlog that supports the recurring nature of that business within S&S is at record levels and continues to grow.
Greg Brown: Exactly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is unmuted. Please ask your question.
Adam Tindle: Okay. I just wanted to ask now that we're post-election, I think there's been some confusion from investors on rhetoric regarding potentially reducing public sector spending and the potential impact to MSI. I'm just recalling the last Trump regime was actually fairly helpful to state and local and your core customer base. But it might be a good opportunity to clear the air here. I'm sure you reviewed potential impacts from a variety of outcomes just expected results and impact on your business from the election, understanding it will be a dynamic situation. And I have a follow-up.
Greg Brown: Yes. First, I think that state and local budgets remain very healthy and strong as Jack could opine on if he wants to jump in. As I talked about, the end user markets are strong, 70% North America is our revenue composition, 75% public safety government. So, we are optimistic in terms of that perspective. From a Trump administration, I think it's positive that thematically, he has been consistent in prioritizing public safety and looking to mitigate crime in large cities and also stem the tide of an open border on immigration, which would require probably head count and technology deployment to help on both those fronts. The administrations referred to tariffs, high level. I remind you that we're pretty unique as it relates to China specifically. We have de minimis revenue exposure to China less than 1% and minimal exposure to them from an end market perspective. And with the Trump administration, we like the fact that there looks like there's certainty now of continuity of corporate tax rate continuity and continuation, which allows a predictable environment, which is always good, I think, from a capital allocation standpoint. And the last thing I'd say is, thematically, I think it will be a more favorable M&A environment versus the current administration. So all ingredients into the mix with this administration, coupled with the continuity of robust state and local budgets, I think it's positive.
John Molloy: The only thing I'd add just on that, Adam, is, as you know, state local but have essentially been funded and it's been a tailwind in terms of inflation. Income tax has been benefited. And we've seen the income tax coffers drive up property taxes have gone up, and that's been beneficial to state and local government. And then sales tax. Revenues are up, which means budgets are up. So, the revenues are a good order, as Greg articulated, the prioritization on our spending is in good order. And I think as we said, the last administration, we had good years between 2016 and 2020 as well.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joseph Cardoso with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Joseph Cardoso: Just apologies, I've been jumping on a couple of calls this evening. But maybe just one question for me, and maybe you already had this asked, but curious if you could flesh out any color if it was already asked. Can you just provide an update on where you're expecting the backlog to exit this year from last quarter, I think you said to slightly up? And maybe more specifically, curious if you could flush out any color on contribution from product and services and maybe more specifically on the product side, how you're thinking about the drivers from a portfolio perspective there, just given the easing of the supply chain you're seeing and the drawdown in the backlog you're seeing today?
Jason Winkler: Thanks for the question. So yes, on the last call, we indicated that by year's end this year, we would have expected backlog -- total backlog to be comparable to slightly up. As we update you on this call with the strong Q3 orders we had with records in all three technologies, we now expect that the total backlog for the Company ending this year will be up. and it will be up from last year's record levels. So, the indicators around backlog continue to be strong, supported by the sales funnel and the work that the team is doing in a strong demand environment. In terms of its composition, it's largely consistent with what it's been. And backlog is an important part of how we plan for any one given year. I mentioned earlier, S&S is at record levels and continues to grow. And product backlog remains healthy at over $4 billion as well. So, we're on track to end the year up from last year.
Joseph Cardoso: Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Alyssa Shreves: This is Alyssa Shreves on for Tim Long. I had just two quick questions. Gross margins were, I think, a record for this quarter. How should we kind of think about gross margins now moving forward, kind of giving supply chain normalization, you have the APX NEXT product cycle. Is there kind of anything we should be aware of in terms of Q4 and kind of moving into next year? And then I have a follow-up.
Jason Winkler: Alyssa, I would point to the fact that the PPV $70 million of relief is largely behind us. in Q3 ending. So -- and next year, I mentioned on the color that it's pretty small. It's around $20 million. The margin profile but for those items continues to be positive in terms of a mix variable. And with the advent of some of our newer APX NEXT devices, and we're early, early stage on the conversion to those, we would expect continued opportunities for favorable mix. And then complemented by the backlog, OpEx update that we gave, thinking about operating margins continuing to grow. We will have a bit higher OpEx this year. The biggest driver of that is our incentive structure is aligned to our now higher performance.
Alyssa Shreves: That's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. You noticed some nice federal wins in Products and SI this quarter. Can you kind of dimensionalize how large is the federal business now?
Jason Winkler: Last year, it was around $900 million. It's growing this year. And I'll remind everybody that the $900 million is distributed across two components: DoD and then, of course, DHS law enforcement, civil and the likes. But Jack, if you want to talk, you had a strong close to the federal business in Q3, that's in part what drove our Q3 overperformance.
John Molloy: Yes, we did. I think a strong close highlighted by a couple of the services orders but also a strong device refresh. We continue to get uptake from APX to APX NEXT customers. The other thing we're really excited about is we begin shipping the B Series, which gives us another refresh cycle from an infrastructure standpoint as well. So, opportunities there, as well as the federal -- U.S. federal government has been a growth engine for us from a video security standpoint. Very good quarter. The last thing I'd leave you with is that the way the schedule is aligned as we got off to a good start to Q4 with the federal government in terms of new orders as well.
Greg Brown: Yes. The other nice thing, Alyssa is, I think Joe Balchune, who works for Alloy has done a great job. As Jason mentioned, we're -- we expect it to be over $900 million in revenue this year. The other nice thing, and I'll call it out to what we just talked about earlier, there's two orders comprised in federal for the U.S. Navy and U.S. law enforcement that are about $275 million, of which less than $20 million to $30 million are even recorded in backlog based on the way we record backlog and kind of amortize it over a period of time that's reflected more of the way the projects are funded. So, in addition to the strength in federal over $900 million, the strong close, the strong order activity. I think it's even better in that some of these recent large orders, 90% of them are not reflected in backlog given the way we record it.
Operator: Our next question will come from George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Guys, this is Brendan on for George. I wanted some color around the video business for next year. I think you guys had cited the $40 million headwind for 2024. Any idea if that's going to grow for next year as customers continue to shift to the cloud?
Greg Brown: I think it's too early to tell. I think we'll give you that color in February. We're focused -- the video business has done really well. We're pleased with the width and breadth of our portfolio, both fixed and mobile, prem, on-prem and cloud. We did talk about the $40 million headwind, which actually, I think, is favorable because it dimensionalizes customers' acceleration toward cloud and capitalizing on what we have there. But that's really all the detail we'd give you at this point in terms of 2025. Having said that, we're on track and expect to meet the full year guidance we gave on video for this year for '24, which is another good thing.
Unidentified Analyst: Awesome. And then just one more for me. Last quarter, you guys talked about 25% of shipments coming from APX NEXT. Is that still the right way to think about it? Or is this continued mix shift? Is there any upside there from the last couple of quarters of strength?
Jason Winkler: You're right. Last quarter, we did talk about how our devices business was about 25% of it was coming a little less from APX NEXT that's largely still the case in Q3. And as we look forward, with only 25% of the devices we're shipping today of that variety, there's a long opportunity ahead of us for continuing to deliver those devices to customers.
John Molloy: Yes. And I think that's just -- Jason hit it. I think that just speaks to this is a multiyear horizon of an opportunity for us. That's really with the 25%. You'll continue to see opportunities. We just reviewed it with the team as we look through '25, '26. We'll start to see a continued shift in momentum to APX NEXT. Yes, internationally, we launched the MXP660. Think of that as the TETRA APX NEXT, if you will and we'll start to see a pickup in that. We're already seeing orders, but we'll see a pickup in that in 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Amit Daryanani: I have two as well. I guess, first off on the video product line item, I think your product revenues in video were down like 3% year-over-year. Can you just talk about what drove the decline? Because one of your peers, I think, reported recently in that number was recorded up double digits in that segment. So, I'm just trying to reconcile the difference. Is it mostly just regions or markets? Or maybe just talk about what drove the decline in the video side?
John Molloy: Yes. So, I think the question was specific to video products. I want to first of all, highlight the fact that our expectations for the full year for the video security remain unchanged, part of that -- part of the dynamic here is higher software attachment rate. And think about that our H6A, which is our AI-related camera, the ACC8, we're seeing more software attachment as well as with Pelco, the Elevate the cloud analytics platform there. This is, I think, just a little bit of a trend that we're seeing reflective of the momentum to the cloud. The last thing I'd highlight is, within video security, there's also a mobile security reported in our numbers. And last year, we had a 24% growth in terms of mobile video products, which presented from a product standpoint, a little bit of a lumpy comp that we're measured against.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So, Amit.
John Molloy: I think it’s Jack's right.
Jack Molloy: Higher software content, the 24% component previous base comp. And then as we said, aggressive adoption of cloud, I think Mahesh, we view favorably.
Mahesh Saptharishi: That's right. And on the mobile video aspect that Jack highlighted, 60% of our customers today are as a service. And that's a big part of this as well.
Amit Daryanani: Perfect. That's really helpful. And then Greg, when you were talking about just things post-election, you sort of talked about a more favorable M&A environment, I think, in your answer. I'd love to understand as you think about '25 and maybe even beyond that. This capital allocation do you change fundamentally under a different administration versus what you've had before. And how do you sort of think about M&A going forward versus what you've done in the past? I'm really wondering like are there larger deals that you are perhaps hesitant to do because you thought you're going to get them through the finish line that you might be more open to do now? Let me just understand how this cap allocation, M&A appetite change under a different administration.
Greg Brown: I don't -- it's a good question. I was describing more the M&A environment from a macro standpoint. I don't think it changes per se for us, even though we've only done a couple of deals, I will tell you, we and I have been as engaged on M&A this year as ever before. The funnel is robust. The opportunities are numerable. And as you know, the capital allocation framework, 55%, 25%, 15%, 55% of operating cash flow is always available in a normalized way to either do share repo or inorganic acquisition. We've been in a number of conversations, and I think the environment is healthy. My commentary around the Trump administration was more around the leadership in the FTC and the overall climate, I don't think it changes much for us this year versus next year in the sense that I think the M&A environment is attractive. The reasons we haven't gotten some things done I think, are -- because we want to not just do the right thing, but do it the right way, make sure we are getting something that can generate long-term value has cultural compatibility. We can deliver on the synergies. We minimize technical debt. We can integrate it into the architecture. It's flexible around cloud adoption. We can retain talent. We can add talent. But we've invested over $6 billion of inorganic acquisition over the last nine years. And as I mentioned, I think the opportunities are significant, and I'm optimistic about that. And coupled with what Jason mentioned, right, our balance sheet also is in as good a shape as it's been in a long time. with net debt to EBITDA and the ratio being as good as it's been in about 10 years. So, I think the dry powder, the opportunities, the engagements are very good. I think the environment is good for us today, and I think it will be as good, maybe incrementally more favorable tomorrow.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rodney McFall with Northcoast Research. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Rodney McFall: Just a quick one on the recent acquisition of 3tc. I don't believe this is your first U.K. control room software acquisition. So just curious, what does this provide for you? And how does this work with your prior acquisitions?
Mahesh Saptharishi: Rodney, the control room solutions that we sell in the U.S. are growing for us. 3tc is part of that. There are two components to it, one called integrated call control systems, and the other part is CAD and CAD is what 3tc provides. And we have actually been selling 3tc as an integrated part of our control room solutions for a while. And this acquisition just enables us to bring that in-house, improve our margins and also give us the right platform for growth going forward.
Rodney McFall: Got it. I guess just a quick follow-up. Just curious on command center adoption in the U.S. What's the penetration rate there? And what is the barrier to growing that business faster? And maybe just some color on how that business is going internationally.
Mahesh Saptharishi: So, we are now number one both in CAD and Records in North America. Cloud is starting to catch on. Maricopa County Sheriff's office deal that Jason mentioned is, I think, a key part of what we're seeing both in terms of more customers preferring a recurring revenue model, a subscription model and adding on SaaS solutions on top of it. Overall, over 60% of our customers today have at least one cloud attached component, and that's continuing to grow. And we expect to see a full 9% growth this year for command center.
Rodney McFall: Got you.
Jason Winkler: So just to add on market share. I mean the market is growing less than that. I think the command center outlook for the year is 10%, Q3 was 9%. But we're -- in those numbers, we're taking shares. The market is not growing at those rates. So positive with the cloud investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tomer Zilberman from Bank of America. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Tomer Zilberman: Maybe going back to some of the earlier backlog questions that were asked. When you think about -- and maybe I'm getting ahead of myself here, but when you think about the '25 guide for 5% to 6% growth, where do you think the -- what do you think the product backlog contribution is if we assume that we get to maybe a $4 billion level this year, will this go back to your historical $3 billion level? And how does that impact your thoughts around the LMR growth rate? Do you think that we still sustain that mid- to high single-digit growth rate going into next year?
Greg Brown: So, we do expect LMR to grow. We matured to dimensionalize. We talked about total backlog. We now expect it to grow up year-over-year. That's a good thing. Product backlog remains healthy. Even sequentially, it's still north of $4 billion. I think the record orders in all three technologies, although in this case in the context of your question, LMR, record orders is another favorable indication. So too early to give you that dimensionalization. But I feel good about the momentum of the business, the segment momentum of the business and the technology momentum of the business. And maybe that gives you a little bit more granularity. It may not fully scratch the itch, but that's the best I can give you, but we'll update you in February.
Tomer Zilberman: Sure. No worries. And maybe asking another question, shifting gears a bit. You've talked before about getting more aggressive on subscription sales. And if I'm not mistaken, I think you've informed your sales force to try and sell everything now as a subscription. Just wanted to talk about how that's going. Any changes in the go-to-market that you're making to enable that? I believe you put the Rave CEO as Head of Subscription Sales. So just any commentary you can give on trends you see there?
Greg Brown: Yes. Just to clarify, Tomer, we're not pushing everything as a subscription. What I would tell you, if you think about SaaS or cloud, I mean, we talked about video and Avigilon Alta, growing exponentially faster than prem video. We like that trend. We talked about command center, just a few minutes ago, which we've always offered as a hybrid solution, which I think is really good because it allows customers to evolve at their pace. And we see and Mahesh just talked about increased adoption around command center cloud, things -- yes like Rave, but also things like call handling. And we also talked about even though APX NEXT family of devices shipped is less than 25%, I love the fact that a lot of those APX NEXT family shipments come with the broadband adoption of applications. We love that; a, it's recurring revenue; b, it's sticky; and c, it provides connective tissue with those critical applications in the APX NEXT device that communicate and interoperate with the command center and the integrated workflow applications that Mahesh is building. So, we didn't wave a wand and said, force everything SaaS. We meet our customers where they are. Video recurring and cloud is growing fast, a number faster as a multiple than prem, love the adoption of Command Center, love the APX NEXT application broadband apps uptick and adoption rate, we think those trends are favorable.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please ask your question.
Meta Marshall: You guys noted strong traction with the MXP660 earlier in the call kind of ramping in 2025. But just any way to kind of contextualize that versus some of the ramps we've seen throughout the APX NEXT portfolio? And then just as a second question, any kind of change to how you guys are viewing kind of resolution of kind of the U.K. Home Office Airwave type situations?
Greg Brown: Yes. Meta, in terms of the MXP660, I think the horse just left the starting gate and is kind of coming through the first turn a little bit. So, a little too early to kind of extrapolate or give you any kind of predictive traction. We love the fact that it's an available option in European markets now that capitalize on broadband, both for LMR and 4G integrated into one device that gives you enhanced location broadband applications over-the-air software reprogramming and roaming on an LMR TETRA and/or 4G networks. So, we love all the available features that, that brings, but it's still early. In terms of the U.K., there's a hearing next Monday, Tuesday in the U.K. on our multiyear challenge to the CMA and the CAT ruling. Really nothing to report. The hearing will take place Monday, Tuesday. After that, they'll reach some decision. My expectation is a decision either by the end of the year or early 2025 that would give us a little more color that in turn, we would, of course share with you transparently. But it's the long winding road of challenging what we think is an unlawful action that was taken on a contract, a binding multiyear agreement that we had with the U.K. Home Office. So, stay tuned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryce Sandberg with William Blair. Your line is open. Please ask your question.
Bryce Sandberg: Another one on M&A. As you look out at the market, are there any particular product or market areas that you're focusing on or they look particularly attractive? Or is it kind of broad-based across the portfolio?
Greg Brown: I think it's primarily around video software and services that we focus on from a product standpoint or a more -- less product, more category. I think it's an active funnel. We've had engagements with multiple companies of varying sizes. But those are kind of the lanes that we continue to pursue and our conversations are around video software services.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Yes, thanks. I just, first of all, want to thank all the employees of Motorola, particularly our sales and support teams for driving record Q3 orders. The other thing I would be remiss in not recognizing especially this past quarter after severe hurricanes of Helene and Milton that were devastating. I'm proud of our people. I'm proud of our channel partners that worked tirelessly and around the clock to ensure that our systems were up and available as they always are in these devastating natural disasters. I appreciate all of their hard work. And then lastly, I would just say I'm encouraged as we are sitting here in November with what the rest of the year holds and the momentum I see into next year, our vibrant end markets. We expect the year to close with total backlog up off of record levels, and I'm encouraged by the continued high demand and the active engagements around the globe. I appreciate all the Motorola employees channel partners and everybody that does their part in having to spend a great quarter and us continuing our momentum. I really appreciate it.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may now begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2024 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K or any Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and outlook. First, Q2 was another outstanding quarter with record Q2 revenue and operating earnings. Products and SI revenue was up 15% and operating earnings were up 56%, driven by continued strong demand and favorable mix within LMR products. In Software and Services, revenue was flat, excluding the home office, from the UK, revenue was up 11%, driven by strength in all three technologies. And we also increased earnings per share by 22%, generated $180 million of operating cash flow and ended the quarter with $14 billion of backlog, positioning us well for our continued growth. Second, I'm encouraged by the continued momentum we are seeing across the business. In Video Security, revenue was up 10%, driven by growth in both our fixed and mobile video solutions and increasing in software and services. In Command Center, revenue increased 9%, as customers continue to adopt our solutions that help them effectively accelerate response and resolution of incidence. And in LMR, revenue increased 9%, inclusive of the UK Home Office headwinds driven by LMR products as well as Managed and Support Services. And finally, based on our Q2 results, robust demand and continued prioritization for safety and security by our customers, we are again raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full-year. I'll now turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 9% and was above our guidance with strong growth in all three technologies. Acquisitions added $13 million, while FX headwinds were $5 million during the quarter. GAAP operating earnings were $644 million or 24.5% of sales, up from 21.6% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $758 million, up 18% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margin was 28.8%, up 210 basis points, driven by higher sales, favorable mix and improved operating leverage partially offset by the Airwave Charge Control. GAAP earnings per share was $2.60, up from $2.15 in the year ago quarter, non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.24, up 22% from $2.65 last year. The growth in EPS was driven by higher sales and margins and a lower diluted share count, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate in the current quarter. OpEx in Q2 was $593 million, up $38 million versus last year, primarily due to higher employee incentives and acquisitions. Turning to cash flow. Q2 operating cash flow was $180 million, up $87 million versus last year, and free cash flow was $112 million, up $72 million. These increases were primarily driven by higher earnings partially offset by higher employee incentives and higher cash taxes. Our year-to-date operating cash flow was $562 million, up from $85 million in the previous year on higher earnings and significantly improved working capital. And we now expect operating cash flow for the full-year to be $2.25 billion, an increase of $50 million versus our prior expectations and double-digit growth expectations over last year. Capital allocation for Q2 included $163 million in cash dividends, $71 million in share repurchases and $68 million of CapEx. Subsequent to the quarter end, we also closed two acquisitions for a total of $223 million. The first is a global provider of critical event management software that expands our command center presence internationally and also complements our Rave acquisition. The second is a provider of vehicle location and management solutions that further builds on our leadership in providing mobile video solutions for the financial services sector. We expect these acquisitions to generate approximately $15 million to $20 million of revenue per quarter primarily in video and to be slightly dilutive to the second half of this year. Moving to segment results in Products and SI, sales were up 15% versus last year, driven by continued demand along with improvements in supply in LMR. Currency headwinds were $2 million in revenue from acquisitions contributed $12 million. Operating earnings were $445 million or 26.8% of sales, up from 19.8%, in the prior year, driven by higher sales, favorable mix and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q2 wins and achievements in this segment include a $32 million P25 system and device order for the city of Naperville, Illinois, a $19 million P25 system upgrade for Washington County, Virginia, an $18 million P25 system order for a U.S. Federal customer, a $17 million P25 device order for a U.S. customer, an $8 million fixed video order for a large state and local customer and a $6 million video order for Newark Public Schools in New Jersey. In Software and Services, revenue was flat compared to last year, excluding the UK Home Office, revenue was up 11%, driven by strength in all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $1 million in the quarter, and FX headwinds were $3 million. Operating earnings in the segment were $313 million or 32.3% of sales, down from 36.9% last year due to the revenue reduction related to the Airwave Charge Control, which was partially offset by improved operating leverage elsewhere in the segment. Excluding the UK Home Office, software and services operating margins increased during the quarter on higher sales and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q2 highlights in this segment include a $19 million LMR order for the Victorian State Government in Australia, an $18 million LMR order for a U.S. Federal customer, a $12 million Command Center order for the Las Vegas Metro Police Department, an $11 million LMR order for American Airlines. And finally, we received a $16 million mobile video award with Police Scotland. This award was part of a $30 million investment made by Police Scotland to procure body-worn cameras, LMR radios and mobile application software, demonstrating their recognition of the strength of our integrated ecosystem. Looking at regional results. North America Q2 revenue was $1.9 billion, up 17% on growth in all three technologies. International Q2 revenue was $711 million, down 7% versus last year due to the impact of the Airwave Charge Control. Excluding the UK Home Office, international revenue was up mid-single digits with growth in all three technologies. Moving to backlog. Ending total backlog for Q2 was $14 billion, a decrease of approximately $300 million or 2% versus last year. Excluding the UK Home Office, total backlog was $12.5 billion, up from $12.4 billion last year. In the Products and SI segment ending backlog decreased $482 million versus last year and $308 million sequentially, driven by strong LMR shipments as supplier lead time improvements enabled us to ship additional products earlier in the year and improve our sales linearity. In software and services backlog increased $164 million compared to last year, driven by multi-year software and services contracts across all three technologies, partially offset by 12 months of revenue recognition from the UK Home Office. Sequentially, backlog was down $129 million, primarily driven by the quarterly revenue recognition for the UK home office. Turning next to our outlook. We expect Q3 sales growth between 7% and 8%, with non-GAAP earnings per share between $3.32 and $3.37 per share. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 170 million shares and an effective tax rate of 24%. For the full-year, we are again increasing both our revenue and earnings per share guidance. We now expect revenue growth of approximately 8%, up from our prior guidance of approximately 7%, and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $13.22 and $13.30 per share, up from our prior guide of $12.98 to $13.08 per share. The full-year outlook assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 171 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5%. It also assumes operating margin expansion of approximately 100 basis points, up from our prior expectation of 75 basis points, driven by higher sales. And finally, before turning the call back to Greg, I wanted to share some insights regarding our increased expectations for the year. In video, we now expect approximately 12% of growth for the full-year, inclusive of the recent M&A. Video continues to be an exciting opportunity for us with new products like ACC 8 video management system, H6 cameras, our latest AI-enabled video recorder and both cloud and on-premises offers. And for LMR, we are increasing our expectations to mid to high single-digit growth for the full-year, which includes the headwinds related to the UK Home Office that we communicated at the beginning of the year. On the continued strength of LMR, I'd point to a couple of important drivers. First, in LMR services, we have a significant installed base, and our customers are increasingly relying on our expanded services offerings such as cyber and software upgrade agreements as they continue to invest in their networks for the long-term. And second, in LMR products, strong demand for feature-rich devices continues to drive growth and margin expansion. For example, we have thousands of public safety customers who are on multi-year technology refresh cycles. These customers are increasingly adopting advanced devices like our APX NEXT family of devices. I'll now turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. And let me just close with a few thoughts. First, our Q2 results highlight the continued momentum we are seeing across the business. We achieved strong revenue growth in all three technologies. We significantly increased operating margins. We grew earnings per share by 22%, and we generated $180 million of operating cash flow. Second, we are continuing to use our strong cash flow and healthy balance sheet to create shareholder value and invest for continued growth. Year-to-date, we've spent a little over $700 million to reduce our diluted share count. Inclusive of the Silver Lake convertible note and share repurchases, and we've invested more than $250 million on acquisitions, adding solutions like long-range cameras, vehicle location and critical event management software. We also expect to spend approximately $850 million of R&D this year, focused on expanding our powerful safety and security offerings across the business. And we recently announced the opening of the R&D center in Cork, Ireland, which will focus on designing software for the company's comprehensive land mobile radio portfolio. These investments enhance our powerful ecosystem where video, radio and software work together to improve situational awareness, automate response, and more efficiently manage evidence across the various devices and platforms used by security personnel. And finally, as we enter the second half of the year, I really like how we are positioned. Our solutions have never been more important for customers as they continue to prioritize safety and security. We are seeing increased adoption of our cloud offerings in video and command center, which drove record Q2 backlog in those respective technologies. And we've launched several new products including VESTA NXT, our new cloud-based 9-1-1 call handling solution and our MXP660 TETRA radio, which is the APX NEXT equivalent for the TETRA market, providing both LMR and LTE capabilities in the same device. All of this is driving continued demand and in orders pipeline that's now about $1 billion higher than it was at this point last year, positioning us very well for growth going forward. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants possibly. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line on how to ask a question.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. The first question is from Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Alyssa Shreves: Hi. This is actually Alyssa Shreves on for Tim Long. I just wanted to check in given the outperformance we've been seeing in LMR, what inning are we in, in the LMR refresh cycle? We've had two strong quarters on the back of strong quarters from the year prior. Just how should we kind of think about the business moving into 2H? And then I had a quick follow-up.
Greg Brown: Yes. I think – look, we're really pleased with the device refresh and the newer portfolio that we continue to release globally. I think when I think of the APX NEXT family of devices, it accounts. We think it will account for less than a quarter of the public safety device shipments this year. So that dimensionalizes kind of the opportunity for that. And by the way, we also, as I mentioned in the remarks, also just announced it's equivalent, the MXP660 for TETRA, which opens up Europe and the international market, and that's a brand-new product, which takes the combination of LMR and LTE capabilities to one device. So I think that is a contributing factor, but the demand for LMR, both product, services, devices, and writ large, the whole technology portfolio remains quite strong.
Jason Winkler: And Alyssa, we mentioned during the call that our outlook for LMR as a whole of the technology this year has gone from mid to mid-to-high. That will include growth in both products for the year as well as software and services, ex-home office. So strong growth drivers across. And within the quarter and within the first half, with the supply chain improvements that we saw, products and LMR products specifically, we were able to attain more supply and lead times improved which in part drove the performance for the first half in LMR products.
Alyssa Shreves: Thanks. And then just a quick follow-up on the video business. Has there been any change in terms of what you've been seeing with customer cadence with customers moving from on-prem to cloud? Thank you.
Greg Brown: So we talked about a $40 million headwind, Alyssa, this year kind of incorporating the prem to cloud momentum that you just referenced. In Q2, our video software business grew 24%. Cloud and cloud adoption was exponentially higher than that. So quite frankly, it's performing as expected and cloud adoption remains very strong.
Alyssa Shreves: Great. Thank you so much.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: The next call comes from the line of Matt Niknam at Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matt Niknam: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. First question is on M&A. Greg, I think you've been vocal around, I guess, perhaps an increasing number of opportunities, perhaps more willingness on the part of prospective sellers in the marketplace. You talked about the two deals you've recently done. I'm just curious if you can maybe give us a little bit more of an overview in terms of what you're seeing, the latest out there in the M&A front and potential opportunities. And then secondarily, maybe a follow-up on cash flow. So the guide this year is for about $2.25 billion you've done, I believe, $562 million year-to-date. So can you just talk a little bit about the visibility and confidence in that second half ramp? And I guess, in particular, how we should think about working capital in that context? Thank you.
Greg Brown: But just on the second one first, we increased our operating cash flow expectations from $2.2 billion to $2.250 billion. I think that's a reflection of the confidence you're asking about in our ability to generate cash flow. Remember also the linearity of the way cash flow is generated by this business overwhelmingly, it's typically back half – actually even more heavily weighted in Q4. And we expect the linearity of the cash flow generated and the yield associated to be reflective of that as well.
Jason Winkler: Actually, Greg, it's even better linearity this year with our first half. We're strongly ahead of where we were last year as inventory working capital have come down. But you're right, the back half is usually significant cash flow contributors, and we're well on path to the 2.25.
Greg Brown: On the M&A front, Matt, we like the two acquisitions we made. We like the fact, and you know I think we're pretty good stewards of capital. And we always think about the deployment of capital along a framework of 55%, 25%, 15%. 55% fungible between share repo and opportunistic M&A, 25% dividend, 15% CapEx. That's kind of a reference framework. I do think the M&A funnel, even at this point for us, is quite active. And there's some interesting opportunities. Like anything, we'll see if they materialize, but I like the way the business is performing and the underlying demand drivers organically reflective of the portfolio we have. Equally, I am energized by the opportunity as it presents itself from an M&A funnel standpoint, but we'll see. We certainly have the balance sheet capacity with net debt to net EBITDA of about 1.5, and a recent upgrade to BBB a quarter ago. So I like the firepower we have, but we'll remain very disciplined and focused on how and where we deploy it.
Operator: The next question comes from George Notter from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Notter: Hi, thanks very much. I wanted to ask about backlog. I guess trying to better understand how we should think about backlog, Greg. There are puts and takes here. I think you said it was down sequentially, but up year-on-year when we exclude the UK Airwave situation. I think in the year ago quarter, you had some big chunky orders also. There maybe some other puts and takes I'm missing as well. But can you kind of walk me through how we should look at your backlog performance this quarter? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Sure. So first of all, it's a good question, George. Total backlog is up, as Jason referenced year-over-year when you exclude the home office. That's kind of one reference point. Product backlog, while it deteriorated in Q2, it deteriorated because supply lead times improved really a lot faster than we thought, which informed the 19% print on LMR product growth in Q2. Having said that, product backlog remains pretty healthy at like $4 billion – actually $4.3 billion off of a record comp the previous year and as a referenced pipeline, the orders pipeline at this point is about $1 billion higher than a year ago, which I think is quite informative as well. Having said all that, you put ingredients all into the blender. We expect total backlog comparable to slightly up off of a record last year. So all in all, I feel pretty good about it. The linearity is a little lumpy and bumpy given the accelerated supply lead times that improved dramatically in Q2. But overall, I feel pretty good.
Jason Winkler: And George, you're right. Last Q2, we did have two significant product-related orders. The combination of Kern County, California, as well as Ukraine order, we're almost $200 million in that quarter, two sizable significant deals in last year's comp.
Greg Brown: Good point.
George Notter: Got it. And then I assume really no impact from M&A or FX on backlog?
Greg Brown: FX was fairly de minimis.
George Notter: Got it. And then M&A, I assume, also de minimis?
Greg Brown: Yes, exactly.
George Notter: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, George.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Joseph Cardoso with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Joseph Cardoso: Hey, thanks for the question. I guess just first one for me. Gross margins in the quarter tracked a lot better than what was anticipated. And if I look historically, you've been able to expand margins from 2Q levels through the year. But I guess if my math is right on the guide, it would imply a bit more of a muted cadence than what we've typically seen. Can you maybe just help us understand what is driving that and whether there's anything under the hood in 2Q that we should be appreciating as an outlier? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So within the first half – at operating margin, I'll start there. We're pleased with our margin performance. We saw good growth on supplier lead times improving pretty significantly during the quarter and really in the first half as well. And we talked about on the call that at operating margin, we'll see 100 bps of expansion on the year, that's up from 75. Within the mix, gross margins will remain comparable, and we'll continue to invest in OpEx whereby now for the year, with the acquisitions that we've announced, our OpEx envelope is expected to be about $130 million more than last year. So good progress on operating margin expansion and healthy gross margins to help drive that.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. I appreciate the color there, Jason. And then maybe for my follow-up, and this is a bit of a big picture one, but you talked about the LMR installed base and specifically the opportunity to address more services opportunity there. Curious if you could parcel that out a bit more? And how big of an opportunity that could be for Motorola to better monetize that installed base that you have and how do you see that materializing over time? And maybe just lastly, and maybe this is a silly question, but like is this an area where you could potentially acquire? Or is that just farfetched given your position and or other variables? Thanks for the question guys.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So big picture from a services standpoint, I think we've got growth opportunities in a number of different facets, number one, cyber, our networks, particularly the public safety P25 networks in the United States, Canada and certain countries abroad. We've got opportunities and our customers have asked us to step up in that capacity. The second piece of it is just a scope, just general scope increases across the board globally. The third piece of it is that we manage various networks. We're in discussions right now with two different European countries and a network in South America that we manage for extensions. And to every one of those, it's not apples for apples, it's usually apples plus something. So we're encouraged by the opportunities in front of us from a services standpoint.
Joseph Cardoso: And then just on potential M&A in the services areas of LMR, is that an opportunity as well? Or is that kind of farfetched?
Greg Brown: I think it's relatively rare. The last one we did on the services side was TETRA Ireland. We always look for opportunities there. Obviously, that's of interest. That's our power alley and what we do well in provisioning and delivering and own and operating LMR networks. There could be an opportunity or two, but we'll see. But they're more – they're not typically run rate or every year. They're every few years an opportunity.
Jack Molloy: The only other thing I'd add is just on these managed service networks. We don't typically just look at those through the lens of LMR. Those actually provide us a platform to go and do things like body-worn as a service within national police agencies as well. Text and video contracts that we're looking to start to provide as a service as well. So there's a little bit of a flywheel effect when we get those service opportunities.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Greg, I just wanted to maybe touch on the product revenue growth trajectory from here. If I look at the guidance, obviously, this has been a very, very strong segment for multiple years now. We're going to start getting into the mid to high-single digits in Q4, if my math is right, trying to back into this. And I know that you'll give a greater look into 2025 on the next call typically. But as I kind of try to map out the trajectory of product revenue growth, do you see a scenario where we're potentially going to have more of a soft landing? Or do you think there could be a greater digestion where growth could end up turning negative beyond Q4?
Greg Brown: Yes. Look, I would say this, kind of stepping back, the demand, the orders pipeline, the backlog, state and local funding, which is good and looks to be good again in 2025, the continued funding environment at the federal level. I mean, Adam, there's a lot of variables here, device refresh systems and services scope. Love the growth, as Jason referenced, we raised it for LMR from mid to mid-to-high that's informing the full-year raise to approximately 8%. And I see continued runway here. Now you're right, we're obviously not going to talk about 2025. Q2 was particularly strong again because component supply drove improved lead times faster than we thought. We still, Adam, expect continued products growth in the second half of the year. So look, I like the way the business is running, but not just for the quarter, I like the momentum we have for the balance of this year, and we'll see what happens next year. But I really like the position we're in. And we'll probably give you some color, high level, on the next quarter as you referenced to inform 2025.
Adam Tindle: Got it. That's helpful and fair. Maybe just as a follow-up on the increased adoption of cloud in video and command center, and I think we might have Mahesh on the call and in case he wants to weigh in. But I'd be curious what is driving the tipping point to really inflect that adoption now? Also how you would evaluate the competitive environment and Motorola's differentiation in the cloud portion versus the non-cloud portion? And then lastly – I'm sorry, this is a multi parter. How the financials are impacted in a cloud sale versus a non-cloud sale? Are we in a situation where we might have some cannibalization or change to financials if this happens? Thanks.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Sure, Adam. To begin with, I think one of the reasons why Avigilon has historically been strong is because of we offer an end-to-end solution, which is video plus access control tightly integrated. And that end-to-end solution in many ways, gets amplified with a cloud story. It's one where the installation, the configuration, and the ability to deploy with the least amount of hardware bids on site become that much more attractive. So we see that as one of the reasons why starting with our smaller customers, but now very quickly going into much larger installations as well, we see a preference and a drift towards the cloud. And then on top of that, there are also capabilities AI services and additional capabilities that we're able to deliver via the cloud to augment what we already do at the edge, and that's also a motivator here as well. So that's – I'd say that's in many ways, one of the things that's driving that – the cloud growth, which, as Greg already said, while software, video software itself is growing at 24%, cloud software, very specifically actually growing even faster.
Greg Brown: Yes. And I think that the growth rate – the strong cloud adoption of what we call Avigilon Alta, which is the cloud version, Avigilon Unity being prem is a reflection of the success of the Openpath acquisition and Ava and the successful integration for combined video and access control under the cloud with Mahesh's leadership and Alex Kazerani. So part of the other "new infection" point of our continued growth is the successful not only acquisitions, but the integration and the yield and the benefits associated with our cloud platform. I think the team is doing quite well.
Jack Molloy: The only thing I'd add, Adam, is our Cloud Connector is a differentiator with our customers. It enables our customers to keep their cameras and move to cloud VMS, it's a great point. It's not a closed system. And I think that's a big value proposition differentiator between us and our cloud competition.
Greg Brown: You're right, Jack.
Mahesh Saptharishi: That's exactly right. I think unlike many of our competitors in this space, our direct-to-cloud cameras are actually standards compliant. And they don't get locked out if that access is not present.
Jason Winkler: Adam, the second question – part of your question you had to go with the financial model?
Greg Brown: It was actually the third question, but go ahead.
Jason Winkler: Both on-prem and cloud for us are solid business models. They're value propositions to customers. Of course, we've planned for the $40 million impact of the cloud acceleration that's on track. And both have a good margin structure. And as you know, cloud comes with the stickiness with the term license that upon renewal leads to even greater renewal. So we're pleased with both models.
Adam Tindle: Greg, you know, I always get my money's worth. Appreciate it.
Greg Brown: Absolutely, Adam, fire away. No problem.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Bollin: Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Jason, I wanted to go back to the product gross margin. If you exclude mix from the discussion, where would you say you are on the progress with respect to reducing the BOM supply chain efforts, any logistics optimization? What have you seen? What are your thoughts on where you're at and what might be left there?
Jason Winkler: Yes. So we mentioned that supply continues to improve and did so in Q2. If I think about the financial benefits that we are planning for and are showing up, we talked about the year's guide included when we opened in February about having about a $60 million improvement in cost relative to semiconductors and PPV. We're actually on the year basis, probably trending closer to $70 million. And by the way, that benefits is in both first half and second half. So we're seeing the benefit of prices as well as premiums coming down. In terms of product or mix, we continue to see favorable mix. We see volume growth complemented by mix. Both are helpful in terms of the growth drivers you've seen.
Benjamin Bollin: That’s great. And then last one for me. Greg or Jack, could you remind us on the overall mix of within backlog, what you see from commercial and public safety and how you would – just remind us on the integrity of those orders versus maybe a more traditionally enterprise-focused order? Thanks.
Jack Molloy: Yes. The backlog composition is almost 95% government direct. Why that's important is our direct sales force, it's a clean line of sight to that backlog, and it's not the channel.
Jason Winkler: And given the funding vehicles and procurements within government, governments order according to their prioritization and they issue a PO to a company like us directly, they don't subsequently order from someone else. And we are fulfilling that backlog. And our backlog, as Jack mentioned, 95% plus comes from our public safety direct customers.
Benjamin Bollin: Thanks everyone.
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Amit Daryanani from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Irvin Liu: Hi. This is actually Irvin Liu on for Amit. And thank you for the question. I wanted to double-click on the international business. I think overall growth in Q2 was mid-single digits, and that was a deceleration versus a quarter ago. And this is all excluding any sort of U.K. Home Office impact. Any sense on how the overall macro and/or demand backdrop for international compares versus North American. In the longer term, should we expect international mix to expand as a percentage of total?
Jack Molloy: Yes. I think we think international is a great opportunity. I mean if you think about it, it's up single digits in Q2 outside of the Home Office. There's really three things, we've got – within Europe, very large managed and support service business there. We've just announced a new device, as Greg alluded to early being the MXP660, which not only elongates our customers' investment in that managed support service that brings another opportunity from a device standpoint. Australia continues to be a market that we performed quite well. But the other piece, there's two other elements within our video business, we've talked about it before, but mobile video, we compete exceedingly well. Mahesh's team has brought – recently brought out new device to market another VP device. We talked about Scotland. We've got great opportunities both within the government space, but also in the enterprise space outside of the United States. So international continues to be a great market. We've got great leadership there. And I feel – I think we all collectively feel really good about opportunities for growth.
Jason Winkler: And I know, Amit, and you and team know this, but just to remind everybody, our international revenues over – almost 75% of them come from EMEA, Australia and New Zealand. That's our strength. That's where we build networks. That's where we have flywheels of growth, and that – those are great markets for us for Jack and his team.
Irvin Liu: Got it. And maybe as a follow-up, I also wanted to just get an update on the U.K. Home Office. I'm not sure if there's anything new to report versus a quarter ago. But can you just walk us through a range of potential outcomes?
Greg Brown: There's actually one new point from a quarter ago, and that is just – it's a good question to level set, you know the dispute, it's been ongoing. It's been several years. We believe the CMA ruling was unfounded. We think it's disproportionate. We think it's unprecedented. You've heard us talk about that. We appealed that. We lost. So we appealed to the Competition Appeals Tribunal and we lost. So the only last option as it relates to this dispute, on the imposition of the charge control was the U.K. Court of Appeal, which is their highest court in the U.K. And the noteworthy item is they decided to hear the case. So that's a new development. That hearing is November 11 and 12, impossible to predict what that is, but that is something that's new from when we talked about this a quarter ago. I just want to remind you that as it relates for Q2, the rest of this year, the full-year of this year, we are operating under kind of the draconian disproportionately excessive discount. So that's – we're raising the full-year inclusive of kind of that worst-case charge control for this year. What happens in the future? Don't know. I am pleased that the U.K. Court of Appeal will give this the appropriate audience and review, and we'll see where it goes from there.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Rodney McFall with North Coast Research. Your line is now open.
Rodney McFall: Hey, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. So I was wondering if you could provide some color on the customer transition to more premium versions of APX NEXT radios. Have they been receptive? And then, just any color on – in terms of the premium on price compared to legacy versions of the product? Thanks.
Jack Molloy: I guess from an experience standpoint, we've gotten very positive reviews. We've had multiple large-scale police departments that have made the transition to APX NEXT and the APX NEXT family. The first thing is we contemplate one of the things we always think about when we develop product is ease of use. I think we nailed that. The LTE capabilities enable them to get radios programmed and refleeted, I don't want to say instantaneously, but was something that took them weeks and months can now be done in a day, which is a positive thing. It also gives them the capability to extend the network's coverage. And what we've seen is a phenomenon is we've got a lot of customers that have mixed fleets and enables those transitions to happen as well. Last but not least, we talk about our Command Center business, but the APX NEXT and its ability to put through higher bandwidth workflows is also very complementary to our Command Central suite – our Command Center Suite rather. So we think we've heard really positive things. As Greg and Jason articulated, about 25% of those devices that will ship this year are APX NEXT. So we are in a multiyear phenomenon as it relates to the upgrade.
Rodney McFall: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Louie DiPalma from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Louie DiPalma: Thanks. And Greg, Jason, Jack, Mahesh, and Tim, good afternoon.
Greg Brown: How are you doing, Louie?
Louie DiPalma: Great. I'm following up on the several questions regarding the LMR product strength. Should we expect the year-over-year growth rate for the LMR product line to be volatile? Or is this mid-teens level durable. And going deeper, are customers upgrading their radios on the normal six to seven-year upgrade cycle? Or are the features for APX and APX NEXT so compelling that many customers are upgrading early to get the LTE and the programmable devices, which may be driving an acceleration?
Greg Brown: So a couple of things. Just, Louie, to ground you, the 15% kind of pop the clutch LMR product growth in Q2 was a reflection of lead times, components supply lead times that improved quicker than we thought. So that's why the exceptionally strong 15% print in Q2. Secondly, for the annual year-over-year growth rate, we're saying it's mid to high single digits for LMR. Up from mid, I think that, that improvement is in part because of continued strong traction with devices. I do think – you're right. I think on average, it's about an 8-year plus or minus device renewal or refresh. I think that's still in the ZIP code as it relates to a North America refresh. But I'll give you an anecdote. I was in a large city last week with a senior commander and spent some time with him, and he had his APX NEXT, I had no idea he would have that. He had his APX NEXT device on his desk when we were talking, I said, what do you think of that? And I know this sounds anecdotal and a self-promotion. It's just – it's really not. He talked about what Jack referenced, the over-the-air reprogramming, having a control channel that you can hear everything about it, the video display capability, the LTE along with LMR, the adoption rate and the acceptance and the feature functionality that, that device brings, which allows us to price for value is – has been really, really good. And we're just getting started in the European and international market with the brand-new MXP660, which think of that as the APX NEXT equivalent for Europe and beyond. So I think, look, I love the position we're in. We have thousands of installed networks. We're monetizing the services as Jack talked about, with expanding scope. We're upselling things like cybersecurity. And it's a really good situation. And I think that I like the hand we have.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And in the past, Greg and Jason, you've provided cumulative APX NEXT orders, have you guys passed the $1 billion mark in terms of your cumulative APX NEXT orders?
Greg Brown: Talking about orders, we used to reference cumulative orders.
Jason Winkler: I think the more important metric that we've shared is that this year, our APX devices total revenues less than a quarter of those will come from the APX NEXT family. So Jack and team are still selling a very good APX radio. Our customers expect it. They don't like forced migrations. They want graceful migrations. And Jack's point about mixed fleets evidence is that. So we have a long way ahead of us. And in the almost $2 billion of devices that will do for public safety, less than 25% of them are going to come this year from APX NEXT.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe as a first question, just in terms of a lot of the acquisitions you've done over the past year, where are you in terms of integration of those acquisitions? Or you kind of integration of those teams in order to kind of get better leverage across the platform or across the customer base? Maybe that's the first question.
Greg Brown: Yes, I'll let Mahesh since the acquisitions are primarily in video and Command Center, maybe you could speak to the integration progress.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Sure. And maybe just to start out where, Greg, you left off with Alta. So Alta was our brand for Openpath and Ava, which is effectively our cloud-based access control solution and our cloud-based video management solution, both being critical to our portfolio. Both under Alex Kazerani were brought together as Alta. And now we are able to integrate the capabilities of both access control and video I think in fairly unique and powerful ways, ones that our customers are really appreciating and evidenced by the uptake in the market. Beyond that, Rave would be the other big piece here and Rave is one of those critical elements that's a glue between public safety and enterprise security, and Rave integrated not just with 911 and CAD solutions, but also integrated with our enterprise security solutions, effectively video, both Alta and Unity. I think that plays a fairly significant role, and we're seeing that impact of that ecosystem going forward as well. Pelco, we rationalized our video management platforms into one with the on-prem solution being the Unity video management solution. And our camera platforms across all our brands really operate on basically a shared infrastructure with the best of many things that each brand brought into the table, integrated and offered across the board. So I think that speaks to some of the key integration examples. Silent Sentinel is well on its way right now. And as Noggin comes into play here, which has incident management, which is a key piece of the puzzle for us. Noggin will complement both our fixed video portfolio, but it will also complement Rave quite nicely as well.
Greg Brown: I think just – the only thing I'd add to that, Meta, the only thing I'd add is, when I think about this company and look back over the last several years, I do think that M&A and successful acquisition financially from an accretion standpoint, and a strategic impact standpoint and our ability to integrate and retain talent. Mahesh is Exhibit A, Alex Kazerani, the CEO of Openpath, Todd Piett, the CEO of Rave, not just retaining them, but having them in contributory senior executive roles that can facilitate and drive integration in addition to the competencies within core Motorola, I'm really pleased. I think it's going quite well.
Meta Marshall: Great. Maybe piggybacking on that answer. Just how are you guys thinking about capital allocation just given that M&A has been such a successful part of the strategy?
Greg Brown: Well, we got off to a fast start in the first half of this year with effectively a little over $700 million in share repurchase and the convert on the Silver Lake settlement, which is great. I think the Silver Lake settlement, memory tells me was like $3.18, $3.14 a share. We did $71 million of share repurchases in Q2 at $3.48 and change. So I always like the way we deploy capital, I think, pretty thoughtfully and opportunistically against the discounted share – the discounted cash flow and the value of the company going forward. And we've now done 40 acquisitions, plus or minus over the last nine or 10 years. We just completed two that we referenced in Q2. And to your point, Meta, the M&A funnel is attractive. So we will be opportunistic along deploying that $2.25 billion of operating cash flow, 55% share repo or acquisitions fungible between the two with 25% dividend, 15% CapEx. So we're well on our way. And I like – and by the way, I like deploying the capital internally in R&D, too. So $850 million of R&D is giving us the widest and broadest product portfolio through three technologies with land mobile radio, video and Command Center which is, in turn, powering a unique competitive differentiating safety and security ecosystem. So when I think about the deployment of capital organically, I like the returns. When I think about returning it to the shareholder and the value we've created and the float that we've contracted, I like that. And when I look at the opportunities ahead potentially for acquisition, I'm optimistic about some opportunities that may present themselves.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks so much.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Meta.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Tomer Zilberman of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Tomer Zilberman: Hey, guys. I wanted to touch on some questions that were asked earlier, but maybe ask them a little bit differently in the video security portfolio, specifically the product portion, you've been growing that roughly mid-single digits over the last few quarters. Are you comfortable with that growth going forward? Or do you expect that to reaccelerate to hit your overall 12% growth for that segment?
Greg Brown: Well, when I look back at the – to your point, the previous few quarters, we're in the ZIP code of product video performance. So I like that consistency. The most important is really talking about market share. And we gained market share last year in video security and access control is a category. We expect to gain market share again this year. The fact that the growth rate is much higher in cloud as we signaled earlier, I think, is great. And the product video performance quarter-to-quarter, I think, is fine in the ZIP code and against the backdrop of the overall market growth. So I like where we are, and I like the continued execution.
Jason Winkler: Also, keep in mind, this is an end-to-end systems or solutions business and customers buy the entirety of the portfolio from us products, software, services, and some of the areas we've made investments are in software. So whether it's cloud, whether it's analytics, services and/or mobile video, those are some of the investments we've made. And so to see software growing faster than products is commensurate to that.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. And maybe as a follow-up, moving to your implied 4Q guidance. So the implied EPS came in a few cents short of Street expectations. Just curious as to your thoughts on the margin set up as we go into the second half of the year, especially 4Q? Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Yes. So with the raise on the year and the higher volumes, offset by a few dilutive cents from the acquisitions we've made the raise is the performance of Q2 as well as the acquisitions, reflecting the 8% total growth.
Greg Brown: Yes. I mean we passed through the beat in Q2. And obviously, that informs the full year raise pretty nicely. But also there's – M&A is slightly dilutive of a couple of cents as well, but we like the position we're in.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Yes. I just want to say thank you for everybody listening on the call. Obviously, thank you for everybody joining the call. But also thanks for all the Motorola Solutions people and our channel partners and our distributors worldwide appreciate everything you've done for an exceptional quarter. And probably more important than the quarter is the momentum that quarter – this quarter informs for the back half of the year and how we'd like to finish the year strong. I think our solving for safer narrative continues to resonate and gain traction. I think that's representative in the results. The customer prioritization for putting an emphasis and a priority on safety and security I think, is self-evident. And as I mentioned, the orders pipeline is up pretty significantly from a period ago. At this point last year, referenced about $1 billion. And finally, I think as I've been asked about capital allocation, I like the strength of our balance sheet. I like the fact that our operating cash flow is expected to grow double digits again for the second year in a row. And look, I think the performance of the business, the organic investment, the acquisitions and the firepower of the balance sheet, look, I think it provides us good flexibility to continue to execute and drive shareholder value going forward. And I appreciate everybody on what you're doing and how you're helping onward and upward, and I appreciate everything you've done.
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet within three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within 3 hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions].  
 I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference. 
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2024 First Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO.  
 Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. 
 A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2023 annual report on Form 10-K or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q and any our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.  
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and outlook. First, Q1 was an outstanding start to the year. We achieved revenue growth of 10%, earnings per share growth of 27%, expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and generated record Q1 operating cash flow of $382 million. We also finished the quarter with $14.4 billion of backlog, up $300 million versus last year. 
 Second, our outstanding Q1 performance was broad-based. In our Products and SI segment, revenue was up 14% and operating margins increased 590 basis points as we continue to see strong demand for our feature-rich LMR products, including APX NEXT and our refreshed PCR portfolio. In Software and Services revenue was up 4%, inclusive of the Airwave of charge control and our exit from the ESN contract. 
 Excluding U.K. home office revenues, Software and Services revenues increased double digits, driven by continued strong demand for our LMR service offerings and our software applications in Video Security and Command Center. And finally, based on our strong start to the year and continued robust demand, we're raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year.  
 I'll now turn the call over to Jason. 
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 10% and was above our guidance with strong growth in all three technologies. GAAP operating earnings were $519 million or 21.7% of sales, up from 18.4% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $638 million, up 20% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margin was 26.7%, up 220 basis points. 
 The strong year-over-year increase in both GAAP and non-GAAP operating earnings was driven by higher sales a favorable mix shift as our customers invest in more feature-rich LMR products and improved operating leverage, offset by the U.K. CMA charge control related to Airwave. GAAP earnings per share was a loss of $0.23 and included a $585 million charge, resulting in a $3.42 per share pretax nonoperating loss due to the accounting treatment for the settlement of the Silver Lake convertible notes.  
 We settled these notes entirely in cash for approximately $1.59 billion inclusive of the conversion premium, which eliminated potential dilution to our share count and reflected a favorable negotiated settlement price compared to the indenture terms. As a result, we recognized a nonoperating loss for the settlement during the quarter. According to the current accounting rules for convertible notes, which were updated in 2022. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.81, up 27% from $2.22 last year. This strong growth in EPS was driven by higher sales and margins, lower interest cost and a lower diluted share count. OpEx in Q1 was $568 million, up $38 million versus last year, primarily due to higher employee incentives and acquisitions.  
 Turning to cash flow. Operating cash flow was a Q1 record of $382 million, up $390 million versus last year, and free cash flow was $336 million, up $398 million. The strong increase in cash flow was driven by improved working capital and higher earnings net of noncash charges. Capital allocation for Q1 included $163 million in cash dividends $46 million of CapEx and $39 million of share repurchases. We also used $593 million of cash to settle the Silver Lake conversion premium and we closed the acquisition of Silent Sentinel, a provider of specialized long-range cameras for $37 million net of cash required.  
 Moving to segment results. In Products and SI, sales were up 14% versus last year, driven by continued strong demand, combined with improved supply availability and a favorable mix shift in LMR products. Operating earnings were $370 million or 24.8% of sales, up from 18.9% in the prior year, driven by higher sales, favorable mix and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q1 wins and achievements in this segment include a $22 million P25 device order for a large U.S. customer, a $16 million LMR order for an international customer, a $13 million order for the State of Tennessee and a $13 million mobile video order for North Carolina State Highway Patrol.  
 In Software and Services, revenue was up 4% compared to last year. S&S revenues, excluding the U.K. home office were up 12%, driven by strong growth in all three technologies. Operating earnings in the segment were $268 million or 29.8% of sales down from the 32.9% of sales last year due to the impact of the Airwave charge control. Excluding the impact of the U.K. Airwave charge control, Software and Services margins increased year-over-year, driven primarily by higher sales and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q1 highlights in this segment include a $25 million LMR services order for Douglas County, Colorado, a $25 million LMR services order for U.K. Department of Health, an $18 million Command Center order for the city of San Francisco, a $14 million LMR services order for Lithuania and an $11 million services order for São Paulo State Police in Brazil.  
 Moving next to our regional results. North America Q1 revenue was $1.7 billion, up 13% on strong double-digit growth in both segments. International Q1 revenue was $696 million, up 3% versus last year with growth in video and LMR, offset by lower U.K. home office revenues related to the U.K. home office Airwave charge control and our exit of ESN. International revenue, excluding the U.K. home office impact increased double digits year-over-year in both segments.  
 Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a record $14.4 billion, up $331 million versus last year, driven primarily by strong demand for multiyear Software and Services contracts in both regions. The year-over-year increase is inclusive of the reduction of $777 million booked in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to the Airwave charge control and revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN over the last year. Additionally, in the first quarter of 2024, we recorded a $748 million of backlog related to the receipt of a 3-year extension notice from the U.K. home office for years 2027 through 2029.  
 Our total backlog, excluding the U.K. Home Office was up over $500 million compared to last year. Sequentially, backlog was up $138 million, driven by the extension notice related to Airwave that I just mentioned, partially offset by our typical Q4 to Q1 order seasonality in North America and some favorable -- unfavorable FX. In the Products and SI segment, ending backlog was down $74 million, primarily due to unfavorable FX. Sequentially, backlog was down $354 million due to the Q4 to Q1 North America order seasonality that I mentioned.  
 And then Software and Services backlog was up $404 million compared to last year, driven by strong demand for multiyear services contracts in both regions. Our S&S backlog, excluding the U.K. Home Office was up almost $600 million compared to last year. Sequentially, backlog was up $492 million, driven primarily by the extension notice related to Airwave, partially offset by Q4 to Q1 order seasonality.  
 Turning to our outlook. We expect Q2 sales to be up between 7% and 8% with non-GAAP earnings per share between $2.97 and $3.02 per share. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 170 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 24%. And for the full year, we are increasing both our revenue and EPS guidance. 
 We now expect revenue growth of approximately 7%, up from our prior guidance of approximately 6%. And with that, we expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $12.98 and $13.08 per share, up from our prior guidance of $12.62 to $12.72 per share. In addition, with the U.S. dollar strengthening since our last call, this full year outlook now assumes an FX headwind of $30 million, primarily in the second half. It also includes a weighted average diluted share count between 170 million and 171 million shares and an effective tax rate of 23% to 24%. And finally, as a result of the debt issuance and Silver Lake settlement we completed in Q1 and we now expect full year interest expense to be approximately $240 million, up $25 million year-over-year.  
 Before turning the call back to Greg, I want to highlight, just a couple of balance sheet-related items. During the quarter, we used $593 million to settle in cash the premium for the Silver Lake notes that I mentioned. We also repurchased 39 million of shares, resulting together in a combined total of $632 million targeted at reducing our diluted share count. 
 Also during the quarter, both S&P and Fitch upgraded our credit ratings to BBB underlying the strength of our business and the balance sheet. Following the upgrades, we issued $1.3 billion of debt, $900 million of 10-year and $400 million of 5-year notes, further extending our average debt maturity, which is now over 8 years, all fixed at an average rate below 4.5%. We used a portion of the proceeds from the new debt issuance to pay off the $1 billion convertible notes and plan to use the remainder to settle the approximately $300 million of debt maturity coming due later this year.  
 I'll now turn the call back to Greg. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Jason. And let me just close with a few thoughts. First, Q1 was outstanding across the Board. We achieved strong revenue growth in all three technologies. We significantly increased operating margins. We generated record Q1 operating backlog -- operating cash flow and our strong ending backlog positions us well going forward. As a result, we're raising our expectations for both revenue and earnings for the full year. 
 Second, during the quarter, we announced that we mutually agreed with Silver Lake to settle the convertible notes. Silver Lake has been a great partner since their initial investment in 2015, and I'm very pleased that Greg Mondre is remaining on our Board. And finally, as I look forward, I'm exceptionally pleased with how well we're positioned. 
 The investments we've made in our LMR product portfolio are driving meaningful revenue growth and margin expansion. Our recurring revenues are increasing as a result of the continued strong demand for our services. We continue to see accelerated adoption of our cloud offerings, including Rave and Command Center and Avigilon Alta in Video Security and our strong balance sheet positions us well to invest both organically and inorganically for continued growth. 
 We ended the quarter with $1.5 billion in cash, still expect to generate $2.2 billion of operating cash flow for the year. We refinanced and extended a portion of our debt portfolio, and we received upgrades from two credit rating agencies during the quarter. All of this provides us with significant continued flexibility in how we deploy capital going forward. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Tim and look forward to your questions. 
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Tim Long with Barclays. 
Timothy Long: Maybe the first question would be on video, and then I have a follow-up on LMR. The video side, decent growth in the quarter. I'm just hoping you could talk about a few things there. First, where are we with impact of movements to cloud and what effect that had on the quarter? 
 And the second piece, Jason, it looks like a very high if you're looking at the software services percentage of the Video business, it was over 40%. So just curious if we're starting to see an inflection there? Or was it just an anomaly because maybe the hardware piece was a little bit lower this quarter. Then I'll -- after that, I'll follow back with the LMR follow-up. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. Tim, on Video, pleased with the results in Q1. As you know, we remain convicted around the 10% for the full year. We did talk about last quarter that we are seeing an increased adoption to Avigilon Alta and cloud adoption. We talked last quarter and it remains unchanged. That's probably about -- probably a $40 million estimated headwind in terms of the top line growth number that informs the 10% but feel very good about Q1's performance. And by the way, in particular, the orders for video were strong, both in fixed and mobile. 
Jason Winkler: And Tim, on the second part of your question, you're right, software within video is growing faster than the product side. That's a trend we've been seeing. And keep in mind, it's not just Alta, it's all of the exciting developments that we have around analytics. Both of our VMSs, our software products are recorded there. Mobile video is also there, all complemented by cloud subscription. So that's a very important and fast-growing part of our business. Now the LMR piece. 
Timothy Long: And then maybe second -- yes. Just on LMR, Greg, you talked about a lot of the investments there. And obviously, it's bearing fruit and other growth rate above expectations. Can you just talk about kind of where we are in the cycle there? That would be great. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. I think -- look, I can't be more pleased with the performance of LMR products and services. And Jack talked about the continued strong demand last quarter, it's the same as this quarter. In terms of APX NEXT, as an example, a lot of customers are indexing and in Q1 indexed to more feature-rich devices which helped drive revenue and quite frankly, Tim, margin expansion. 
 But I'd actually -- I think the way to think about LMR growth is APX writ large, the entire segment for APX Radio. They're newer. They've been upgraded. We talk about APX NEXT, which is the very high end, but the whole portfolio which we also talk about APX Originals performing exceptionally well. And then when you go over to TETRA and PCR, where we've refreshed devices there as well, that's gone very well. In fact, PCR, we now expect to grow slightly up off of record levels last year. So I'd say we're still in the middle of the game on device refresh with a lot more to run. Really pleased on that front. 
John Molloy: The only thing Tim I'd add on top of that is, as just Greg pointed out, it's the breadth of the portfolio is a strength. But what's particularly driving the APX NEXT adoption are the applications. So in the quarter, in Q1, we secured two large state patrols as well as one Department of Transportation, as you think about what drives those, it's location. It's the ability to extend the network vis-a-vis SmartConnect and SmartProgramming with large fleets, their ability to reprogram and the like in a more expeditious fashion, so. 
Jason Winkler: Jack, you've seen customers embrace a blended fleet too. 
John Molloy: Exactly, right. In fact, all three of those customers have APX Original and like 1/3 of those are APX NEXT. 
Jason Winkler: Good point. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. 
George Notter: Congrats on the strength here. I guess I'll go back to kind of the Airwave situation. I saw the renewal and the extension of the contract. Anything new there in terms of the CMA situation, obviously, you guys adjusted your financials to reflect the negative outcome. But I know there's a court case, an appeal that's going on? I mean, any expectations or anything you can tell us about what's going on there would be great. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. Thanks, George. So we recorded the backlog of the extension of years '27, '28 and '29, because in March, we received notice from the U.K. Home Office for the extension of Airwave. Aside from our disputes, let's put that off to the side for a minute. I think it confirms our belief all along in the durability, longevity and quite frankly, criticality of mission-critical LMR, particularly in this case, Airwave. So it reaffirms the long-standing need of how critical that technology is, and that's one of the best performing from a network performance standpoint, emergency networks in the world. 
 To your point, we took the backlog and recorded it at kind of worst-case scenario, i.e., it's logged -- the log backlog is at the charge control rates, which we are still contesting. As it relates to the Court of Appeal, we -- the CMA issued their final decision. We appealed to the CAT, the Competition Appeals Tribunal. We lost that. And as a result, appealed to the Court of Appeal, the U.K. Court of Appeal to see if they'll hear that case. We would expect to get clarity on that either in May or June. But having said that, we will continue to defend our position on the circumstances and conditions that extended Airwave, and we will defend ourselves accordingly. 
George Notter: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. Any evidence that there's any spread of other managed services customers looking at trying to reprice contracts with you guys anywhere else in the world? 
Gregory Brown: No. No. I think the U.K. is very, very unique in many ways, but the answer is no. . 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. 
Unknown Analyst: You've got Jamie Reynolds on for Meta. I appreciate you taking the questions. I think last quarter, you guys had highlighted a $100 million headwind from less business in Ukraine. I guess, has your thinking changed there as it relates to the recent aid package that got passed? 
Gregory Brown: Our view on the full year and what's informing our raise does not change from what we updated you on the Ukraine situation last year. We did talk about $100 million, Jack referenced that about $100 million headwind. By the way, that headwind still exists. It's primarily in the second half of this year, which informs kind of the seasonality that's implied in both Q2 and our full year guide. By the way, we remain in game, I'm thrilled. We're thrilled that the Foreign Aid Bill got passed for $95 billion and Molloy's team remains actively engaged on multiple fronts. But our view in terms of the full year guide is unchanged from what we said last time. 
Unknown Analyst: Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. Is the thinking changed around what you expect from the Command Center piece of the business to contribute to growth this year? 
Gregory Brown: Still very enthusiastic about Command Center overall as a category. We still expect 10% growth for the full year. By the way, I might add that remember, ESN in the way we record revenue was in the Command Center technology bucket. So Q1 would have grown handsome double digits normalized for U.K. Home Office. And quite frankly, when you look at the 10% guide implied for Command Center for the full year, it's a number higher than that when you normalize for ESN as well. And you may want to mention just some of the other things going on. 
Mahesh Saptharishi: We just actually finished our summit. This has been our largest summit, I think, ever, over 1,300 customers attending. We launched our VESTA NEXT refreshed products, both for cloud and for on-prem, along with quite a few other new launches or responder, our mobile app. So it's been -- traction has been amazing, and we see greater than 60% of our Command Center customers now adopting a cloud connected product and Rave and our other Command Center cloud products are doing exceptionally well beyond expectations. . 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. 
Adam Tindle: I just want to start maybe first for Jason. Great performance on margins in the Product segment. Just wondering how much of the pricing benefit and supply chain cost is reflected in this versus how much is left in future quarters? I know Q1 is typically the low point for margins in that segment. I'm wondering if that's still going to hold for 2024 and improve from there. 
 And Greg, just conceptually on the topic of margins, I know expanding margins is important to you. The drivers are very clear to us in fiscal '24 price cost, et cetera. But it's a little bit less obvious as we think about fiscal '25 and beyond. Just if you could help us maybe with conceptual levers to continue to drive margin expansion beyond this year? Or do you think we're sort of at optimal margin and the focus might be more on growth, how to balance that equation. 
Jason Winkler: Sure. So I'll take the first one. We remain seeing the $60 million of lower broker costs, we call the PPV that we guided to 90 days ago. That's a full year number. Q1 included some of that benefit. There's more to go in getting to the total $60 million. We're on path for that. We are seeing certainly the need to use far less and the supply improvements from our direct vendors are helping us get the parts we need at the price we need. That's in part what informed our Q1 as well as our expectations for the year, complemented by the continued strong demand. So on plan in terms of the margin improvements related to lower supply chain costs, I would also point to what we talked about on the call is the continued benefit of customers adopting more feature-rich parts of the portfolio. That comes with a margin improvement for us as well. 
Gregory Brown: And in terms of margins, we -- by the way, this year, we do expect gross margins to be up slightly, and we also now expect operating margins to be up about 75 basis points. As we think about it holistically and kind of on a pro forma basis, we think the levers of volume mix, which we're enjoying now, some surgical price increases, primarily around services, where we have contracts that have appropriate cost of living mechanisms built into multiyear services contracts. And as they come due we will be disciplined in making sure we're recovering appropriate cost increases that come and hit the firm. 
 We look at the way we price new product as well and we continue to refresh the device portfolio and also fixed and mobile video. And then OpEx. By the way, OpEx probably will be up about $100 million this year, year-on-year. Last quarter, we told you it was about $80 million. That $20 million increase, actually, I think it's a good thing. We're investing more in the business, indexing particularly around video. We're likely to have some higher incentives around sales commissions, reflective of the higher revenue guide we're giving you for the full year. And there's some ancillary legal costs, which I actually consider investments in the business as we defend our position, both with the U.K. Home Office and continue to fight the good fight on Hytera and we'll report hopefully more news between now and the end of the year on that front. 
 And the other thing I'd tell you on the OpEx side, as you know, we acquired Silent Sentinel. Given the balance sheet, the aperture is pretty wide but disciplined on acquisitions we may pursue and close. And if we do that, we do that because it's financially accretive, it's strategically important. It's culturally compatible, and we can operate it or operationalize it and integrate it operationally, but also because we expect synergies on that front, too. We are built, I think, as a team, an executive team and as a company, that growing is not good enough. You've got to grow top line, you got to grow margins, you got to grow operating cash flow and you got to take share. That's when you know the firm is cooking on all cylinders. And we always look at operating margins. We're proud of them, but we know the there's more work to be done. 
 And by the way, I didn't even mention AI. I know a lot of companies tout it, but we'll be disciplined in our use of that internally, the [indiscernible] Jack have built it into a lot of our products in the analytics that Jason mentioned. I love what we're doing, descriptive and Generative AI as it relates to the ecosystem, around public safety and physical security. But obviously, we'll also use it in customer service internally in legal and contract management with copilot and engineering efficiencies. So that really isn't factored in at this point, and I'm not making any declaration of promises, but we'll always be able to, I think, aspirationally drive toward operating margin improvement. And I think we have the assets where we can continue to do that. 
Adam Tindle: Okay. And maybe just a quick follow-up. I know that was a 2-parter, but I'll do a quick follow-up since I'm going to get asked on this tonight. Backlog trends. Obviously, we've got a record here. But correct me if I'm wrong, I think that $14.4 billion includes $748 million of incremental backlog on Airwave. It may be unfair to strip that out, but if we do, it's down about $500 million sequentially. And I know there's some seasonality to that, but that's kind of 2x its normal seasonality. What would that concern of stripping that out and looking at kind of a worse than typical seasonal decline in backlog be missing? And how do you think about backlog trends from here? 
Jason Winkler: So Adam, I mentioned it earlier, if I -- if we exclude the Home Office impact on a multi-quarter basis, total backlog is up over $500 million and S&S backlog is up over $600 million. So while we recorded the $748 million in this Q1 related to the extension of years '27, '28, '29. We also in the quarter before that, reduced the backlog related to the pricing control implemented for years, '24, '25 and '26. So they're a bit of a cancellation, if you will, and then the core of the business at Home Office is absolutely growing. 
Operator: I will pause for a few seconds to see if we have any additional questions. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks. 
Gregory Brown: Yes. Thank you. First and foremost, I want to thank the Motorola Solutions employees around the world and our channel partners. It's a great team, very proud of the performance in the quarter and very proud of what I think we can do between now and the end of the year. I do want to highlight, we had some great significant events in Q1, Mahesh mentioned 1 of them, the Solutions Summit in Dallas. A week ago, we had 1,300 customers. It's the largest ever event we had on that front. We demonstrated operational working public safety an enterprise security ecosystem. It was significant, well attended and lots of good feedback. 
 We had our first-ever joint channel partner -- executive partner forum, in February, in Orlando. The significance of that is it brought together LMR, Land Mobile Radio channel partners and Video Security and Access Control under 1 roof with common vernacular, common language, relationships we're looking to develop. And Molloy's had this mantra cross-sell, upsell. I thought that was an excellent event that was a catalyst to kind of culture and focus items we need around upselling the writ large broader portfolio between now and the end of the year. And we had a great presence at ISC West, which highlighted, of course, Video Security and Access Control, rolled out our enterprise body-worn camera, which we're getting great traction on body worn on the enterprise. So a lot of good stuff in Q1. 
 Look, at the end of the day, the print is great in Q1, but I'm actually more excited about our momentum, raising the year, strong backlog, but also strong funnel of opportunity and a strong balance sheet couldn't be more proud. I want to thank everybody. Thanks for listening, and we'll talk to you in a quarter. 
Operator: This does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet within 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. And thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relation website. In addition, a webcast replay of the call will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2023 fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. And good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. First, Q4 was exceptional quarter. We achieved record revenue in both segments in all three technologies, including double digit growth in Video Security and Command Center, highlighting the strength and robust demand for our safety and security solutions that help protect people, property and places. Additionally, we expanded operating margins for the sixth consecutive quarter, generated over $1.2 billion of operating cash and strengthened our video security portfolio with the recent acquisition of IPVideo, creator of the HALO Smart Sensor. Second, our full year results were outstanding. In our Products and SI segment, we grew revenue 9%, driven by strong growth in both LMR and Video Security and we ended the year with record product backlog. We also expanded operating margins in this segment by 380 basis points, driven in part by higher ASPs and lower product costs. In Software and Services, revenue was up 10%, inclusive of the Airwave revenue reduction, highlighted by strong growth in Video Security, Command Center and our Services business outside of the UK. And we also generated record operating cash flow of $2 billion, up 12% versus the prior year. And finally, as we enter 2024, our robust backlog position coupled with the continued strong demand for our safety and security solutions positions us well for another year of strong revenue and earnings growth. And with that, I'm going to turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 5% and was above our guidance with growth in both segments, both regions and all three technologies. FX tailwinds during the quarter were $16 million, while acquisitions added $17 million. GAAP operating earnings were $738 million or 25.9% of sales, up from 25.6% in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $870 million, up 6% from the year-ago quarter. And non-GAAP operating margin was 30.5%, up 10 basis points. The increase in both GAAP and non-GAAP operating earnings was driven by higher sales and lower direct material costs. GAAP earnings per share was $3.47, up from $3.43 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.90, up 8% from $3.60 last year. The growth in EPS was driven by higher sales and higher margins. OpEx in Q4 was $597 million, up $60 million versus last year, primarily due to higher incentives and acquisitions in the current quarter -- current year. For the full year 2023, revenue was $10 billion, up 10% with strong growth in both segments and across all three technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $98 million and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency rates was $38 million. GAAP operating earnings were $2.3 billion or 23% of sales versus 18.2% in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by lower direct material costs, higher sales, the $147 million ESN fixed asset impairment charge in the prior year and lower intangible amortization expense in the current year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $2.8 billion, up $416 million and non-GAAP operating margins were 27.9% of sales, up from 26% of sales in the prior year, driven by lower direct material costs, higher sales, inclusive of higher ASPs and improved operating leverage. GAAP earnings per share was $9.93, up 25% compared to $7.93 in the prior year, primarily driven by higher earnings and the asset impairment charge related to the exit of ESN in the prior year, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate in the current year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $11.95, up 15% from $10.36 in 2022. On higher earnings, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate. For the full year OpEx was $2.2 billion, up $178 million versus 2022, primarily driven by higher employee incentives and higher expenses associated with investments in Video and Rave. And the effective tax rate for 2023 was 21.9% compared to 20.1% in the prior year due to lower benefits from employee stock-based compensation in the current year. Turning to our cash flow. Q4 operating cash flow was $1.2 billion, driven by higher earnings, partially offset by higher cash taxes. And for the full year, we generated record operating cash flow of $2 billion, and record free cash flow of $1.8 billion. The increase was driven by higher earnings, partially offset by higher cash taxes. Capital allocation for 2023 included $804 million in share repurchases, $589 million in cash dividends and $253 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter, our Board of Directors approved a $2 billion increase to the share repurchase program and an 11% increase in our dividend, which is the 13th consecutive year of double digit increases. Moving next to segment results. In the Products and SI segment, Q4 sales were up 4% versus last year, driven by growth in LMR and Video. Operating earnings were $567 million or 30.0% of sales, up from 28.4% in the prior year, driven by higher sales and lower direct material costs. Some notable Q4 wins and achievements in this segment include a $90 million P25 system and device order from a US customer. A $67 million P25 device order for emergency services telecommunications authority in Australia. A $57 million P25 APX NEXT devices order for a US customer. A $38 million P25 system order for the State of Arizona Department of Public Safety. A $31 million TETRA system order for a European customer. And a $13 million fixed video order for an international customer. And for the full year, Products and SI revenue was $6.2 billion, up 9% from the prior year, driven by higher sales of LMR and Video. Revenue from acquisitions was $15 million and currency headwinds were $19 million. Full year operating earnings were $1.5 billion or 24.3% of sales, up from 20.5% in the prior year on higher sales, inclusive of higher ASPs and lower direct material costs. In Software and Services, Q4 revenue was up 7%, driven by growth in Video, Command Center and LMR. Revenue from acquisitions was $15 million in the quarter and FX tailwinds were $11 million. Q4 operating earnings in the segment were $303 million and operating margins were 31.6%, down from 34.4% last year, primarily driven by the Airwave revenue reduction related to the price control. Some notable Q4 highlights in the segment include a $330 million LMR managed services renewal through 2034 for Denmark's nationwide public safety communications network. A $48 million Command Center order for the city of Chicago's Office of Public Safety Administration. A $20 million LMR service agreement for Spokane Washington Regional Emergency Communications and a $19 million mobile video order from a US customer. And finally, a $10 million command center order for the city and County of San Francisco. For the full year, revenue was $3.7 billion, up 10% on growth in LMR services, Command Center and Video. Revenue from acquisitions was $83 million and currency headwinds were $19 million. For the full year, operating earnings were $1.3 billion or 33.9% of sales, down 140 basis points versus the prior year, driven by the Airwave revenue reduction and higher acquisition related expenses. Looking next at our regional results. North America revenue was $2 billion in Q4, up 6% and $6.9 billion for the full year, up 9%, driven by growth in both segments and across all three technologies. And in international, Q4 revenue was $832 million, up 3% versus last year, driven by growth in Video and LMR. And for the full year, international revenue was $3 billion, up 11% versus last year, driven by growth in LMR and Video. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog for Q4 was $14.3 billion, down $88 million versus last year, inclusive of approximately $1 billion of backlog reduction related to the Airwave price control and revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN. Sequentially, backlog was down $15 million, inclusive of the Airwave and ESN reduction and $160 million of favorable FX. In the Products and SI segment, ending backlog was up $93 million or 2% driven primarily by strong demand in North America. Sequentially, backlog was up $99 million, also driven by demand in North America. In Software and Services, backlog decreased $181 million from last year and $114 million sequentially. Excluding Airwave and ESN, Software and Services backlog was up almost $800 million versus last year, driven by strong multi-year agreements in both regions. Turning now to our outlook. We expect Q1 sales to be up approximately 8%, with non-GAAP earnings per share between $2.50 and $2.55 per share. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. And for the full year, we expect revenue growth of approximately 6% and non-GAAP earnings per share between $12.62 and $12.72 per share. This full year outlook assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 171 million shares and an effective tax rate between 23% and 24%. Additionally, we expect another strong year of operating cash flow with 2024 expectations of $2.2 billion in operating cash flow. And before I turn it back to Greg, I wanted to share some additional highlights. First, I want to give you some color on the technology growth expectations that are included in the sales guidance for the year. In Video Security and Access Control, we're planning for 10% growth, which is informed by the acceleration and strong adoption of our cloud offerings. For Command Center, we also expect 10% growth consistent with last year's organic growth rate. And in LMR, we expect to grow mid-single digits or high single digits when normalized for the impact of the UK Home Office. Second, I would like to share with you some exciting updates about our Video business, in light of two recent partnerships that support our growth expectations, one with Jabil and another with Google. With Jabil, we've entered into a strategic manufacturing agreement where Jabil will assume responsibility for our manufacturing operations at our sites in Canada and Texas. This agreement further optimizes our video supply chain, provides redundancy, future cost savings and scalability. Additionally, it allows us to focus on engineering, designing and bringing to market video solutions that serve our customers' security needs, while continuing to enable regulatory compliance with NDAA rules for the procurement of secure equipment. And with Google, yesterday, we announced a new strategic agreement with Google Cloud that harnesses the power of their latest cloud advancements to enable assistive intelligence, such as accurate and reliable video content, mapping and other AI capabilities. Google Cloud also enables Avigilon Alta, our fast growing cloud native fixed video and access control platform, which we introduced a little more than a year ago. Alta combines the power of our AI analytics with the ease and simplicity of a cloud delivered VMS that is increasingly preferred by some verticals like education. The rapid adoption in Alta contributed almost a quarter of our growth last year to total video and includes a higher subscription attachment compared to a traditional Avigilon Unity sale. And finally, we ended the year with a very strong balance sheet, including $1.7 billion in cash, a fixed rate balance debt maturity profile and our net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.4 is our lowest since 2015, providing us with ample flexibility to continue to deploy capital and drive shareholder value. I'll now turn the call-back to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. First, 2023 was a phenomenal year for the company. We achieved [Technical Difficulty] significantly expanded operating margins, grew earnings per share by 15% and generated record operating cash flow of $2 billion. We also returned $1.4 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases and we strengthened our Video Security portfolio with the recent acquisition of IPVideo. Second, this past November, we announced our new brand narrative, solving for safer. This reflects our purposeful transformation centered on public safety and enterprise security and our sharpened focus on solving for safer communities, safer schools and safer businesses. Our solutions across LMR, Video Security and Command Center that are powered by artificial intelligence enable collaboration between public safety agencies and enterprises, connecting those in need with those who can help. And while we recognize technology is not the only way to a safer future, it does play a vital role. And finally, as we enter 2024, the momentum of our business remains strong. Funding for public safety continues to be a priority. Investments we've made in the portfolio, including our APX NEXT device. And by the way, the software applications that run on this device are driving higher ASPs for our products and strong growth in Software and Services. We're also seeing a noticeable acceleration of cloud adoption in Video Security that is driving margin accretive revenues in Software and Services. And with our exceptionally strong balance sheet, we have the opportunity to continue to deploy capital to drive long-term shareholder value. I'm extremely pleased how we're positioned and I expect 2024 to be another year of strong revenue and earnings growth for our company. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot. I have a question on the margin expansion in the business. I guess I wanted to ask about what kind of headwind you guys still had running through the business in 2023, I'm thinking about things like expedite fees and even freight costs. I know that a lot of those fees didn't come out of the model until you guys had burned down some backlog. So I guess I'm wondering how much of the headwind was in the 2023 numbers and then I assume that'll be all out fully for the 2024 year. I'm just kind of wondering what kind of benefit you might get on margins there. And then just as a follow-up, second question was just on Silver Lake. I'm just curious about, is there any update there and what those guys might do? And how might you kind of fund the unwind of that position? Thanks a lot.
Greg Brown: Yeah, George. So just to reconfirm, we do expect operating margin expansion for 2024, that's in part by informed continued improvement in PPV. And I have to complement Jason in the supply chain and Jack's ops team did a great job exceeding what we set out as targets last year. And to remind you, we are expecting another $60 million of PPV improvement in this year in '24. From a gross margin standpoint for the firm, we expect them to be comparable to slightly up. So I think we do a pretty good job on the operating leverage side of this business, both on gross margin and operating margin. By the way, the OpEx envelope year-over-year is probably going to be up about $80 million, '24 over '23, of which half is organic, $40 million, and $40 million is inorganic. As it relates to Silver Lake, really no update. They are in the final year of the second five year pipe. It expires in September. The diluted share count is already calculated into our EPS expectations. So really nothing to report at this point. The partnership remains good and we'll see how that plays forward for the balance of the year. By the way, we do expect -- on the expiration of the pipe, we do expect higher interest expense this year to be about $40 million, which includes the assumption of $1.3 billion of refinancing, of which $1 billion is the Silver Lake notes and $300 million is debt that expires in September this year.
George Notter: Great. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Just wanted to get little bit on the top line. Maybe, Greg, for you. The Q1 guide looks -- it looks pretty strong. But the full year is a little bit lower on growth. So maybe can you talk about visibility or what you're kind of expecting in the back half of the year? Is it just compares conservatism or anything else we need to be aware of that little discrepancy in growth rates? And then, I did want to secondly, follow-up on the video, 10% growth. I mean, obviously the numbers are getting bigger here, but can you kind of put that in context of where you are with share gains and getting into -- deeper into the government verticals and getting some benefits this year from ARPA funding say on Safe Schools and other areas. If you can just put that into context with some of those drivers, that would be great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: So let's take the full year first. I think it's important to say that I'm super proud of last year. But to your point, as we're sitting here in February, backlog is strong, but Tim, so is the pipeline. So we're in a good aged backlog position but the pipeline remains strong as well, which makes me feel good about where we sit here for the balance of the year. I'd also tell you that when we think about the full year guide, it's coming off of a Q4 that exceeded our guidance. It's coming off of a full year that exceeded our guidance. And if you anchor it to the color I gave last time at about $10.5 billion, it's about $75 million higher than that reference a quarter ago. Now having said all that, so we guide for full year 6%, I remind you that $200 million is a headwind related to the UK Home Office. So year-over-year, we expect Airwave revenue to be about $375 million. But if you take year-over-year, you add in the $200 million full year UK Home Office headwind that can normalize the year-over-year comparison. Additionally, one other thing worth mentioning is and Jack talked about this a quarter ago, we had exceptionally strong revenue contribution from Ukraine of $150 million last year. And based on what's expected to be shipped in backlog, we expect that to be $50 million. So you take the year-over-year 6%, you take $200 million detriment for UK Home Office headwind, you normalize for Ukraine and I think our growth is quite solid and a prudent guide at this point in time.
Jason Winkler: One other insight into the video growth of approximately 10% this year. Within that, we're really pleased with the cloud growth that we're seeing. Alta which we talked about on the call, the platform is, which is cloud native is growing exceptionally well. We've also made a decision to rationalize some of our on-prem VMS. And the combination of that growth rate in '24 and rationalizing the VMS is about $40 million of impact in 2024. So we're continuing to grow. And, Jack, do you want to talk about the market and how we're doing in Video?
Jack Molloy: Yeah. Tim, I'd also dimensionalize both -- Jason alluded to it, both in script and his comments, clouds growing, but we also -- our expectations are also that are on-prem but business is very healthy, continues to grow. As it relates to share, we believe, we’re -- continue to take market share. You also asked the question, Tim, in government. Total government video sales that encompasses both mobile and fixed video are now at $500 million in 2023. And I would highlight our government video growth, it's growing faster than our overall total business. So I think -- I don't think it's being driven at all by our -- but I think it's being driven by prioritization and really building more and more efficiency and mobility within police forces as they have to contend with more and more crime.
Greg Brown: Tim, one other thing, just because we're still to George's question weaning off PPV, and we'll have some commensurate benefits this year. If you take last year and this year, as we're working through the supply chain and elevated inventory and an improved freight in PPV, if you look at first half and second half, Tim, to your point about guide and linearity, it's very similar to last year. So I'm not concerned about anything as we sit here with our expectation for the full year performance.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matthew Niknam with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Matthew Niknam: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking the questions. One question, one follow-up. So just on the supply chain, I think this was alluded to a little bit, but just if you can give any more color on the latest you're seeing there and any noticeable impact from some of the disruption we've seen on the Red Sea front, if that's impacted you guys at all in terms of costs. And then secondarily, can you just talk a little bit more about the Jabil agreement, strategic rationale there and any cost implications we should keep in mind? Thank you.
Greg Brown: I'll answer the second one first. The Jabil agreement is for them in 2024 to operate the two factories that will be transitioning to them. So not a significant change in cost profile in '24, but as we look to '25, with our growth expectations, there'll be opportunities for cost as well as an efficient way to scale the growth that we're expecting. So it was an agreement and us looking into the future and we're very pleased with it and providing us additional redundancy as well. It will help us scale, grow and also manage our cost envelope as we grow.
Matthew Niknam: And the Red Sea?
Greg Brown: The Red Sea, we remain primarily on air as our mode of transportation. And so as a result, not a lot on the ocean and the impact of higher container rates is negligible for us. So given the state of the supply chain, while it's improving, we found that air and air rates are a good investment to make. And make sure that we're getting everything we need when we need it. We've seen continued improvement from supply chain and our vendors, particularly in some semiconductors. And they have some improvements to make and we expect them to continue to improve on the deliveries of -- in particular, nanometer chips of 40 nanometers and above in some cases. So improving and working through it.
Jason Winkler: And as we worked through the year, it would be our expectation at the end of the year to have overall inventory reduced. Again, this year, as things normalize and improve.
Matthew Niknam: That's relative to the $827 million you ended last year at?
Greg Brown: That's right. The $827 million was down $200 million from its 12 month predecessor and we expect to drive $827 million down even further by year's end as we navigate an improving environment.
Matthew Niknam: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Jason, I just wanted to start on backlog trends for a clarification. I know reported backlog in total appears, the headline appears to be down, but I think there's a lot of impact from Airwave in that. Could you just give us a sense of what backlog looks like ex-Airwave. And then just as a follow-up on that topic, either Jack or Greg or if you want both weigh in, this is just a metric that I think investors are watching very closely because backlog builds and records have happened across tech hardware, whether it's Cisco in networking or [PCEs] (ph) before that and led to a sharper digestion period than initially anticipated once that backlog started softening. So wondering if you could maybe just double click on the current state of supply and demand and address how you think about the similarities or differences in what you're seeing in your business and the time and shape of normalization, if and when that does happen. Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Yeah, I would start out and tell you that this is one of the things I'm most proud of when I look at trend for the full year. Overall backlog of $14.3 billion, ending year from a year ago with absorbing just under $800 million decrement for the calculation of Airwave and the three year plus or three year backlog that that sits. So we'll be able to keep that at the same level or comparable levels with that reduction is pretty significant. The other thing that gives me optimism is the exceptionally strong product backlog that we exited Q4 and the age backlog that we sit in the position of as we enter, but I also remind you, so I love the backlog position, but I also love the pipeline and the ongoing demand and what I see in the funnel and when I look at Molloy and his team's conversion rates, I'm optimistic by what's in backlog, I'm also optimistic what's in pipeline.
Jack Molloy: Couple of attributes I think that are important to understanding our backlog. First, over 95% of our backlog comes to us from our government customers and our public safety customers. So, and the majority of that is a direct relationship and a contractual one between us and an end customer. That is very important. And secondly, as you think about our backlog, we entered the year much like last year in a position where about half of our revenues for the year, a little bit more than that will come to us from backlog. And with that strength combined with the pipeline strength, that's what informs our guide for our 6% growth.
Jason Winkler: Exactly.
Adam Tindle: Very helpful. Just quickly, Jason, I'm sorry if I missed it, did you talk about free cash flow expectations in 2024 and any benefit from working capital with the Jabil agreement? I know sometimes that can have some transitional working capital that may be favorable. So free cash flow and the potential benefit.
Jason Winkler: Yeah, given that '24 is an [operate in place] (ph) kind of steady agreement, the working capital benefits are minimal in terms of that agreement. That said, we do expect working capital improvement. We talked about inventory. Our outlook for operating cash flow was $2.2 billion, that's up off of last year's record $2 billion. And within that operating cash flow, the contribution for our CapEx continues to be 15% or less. So we are expecting another strong year of cash flow.
Adam Tindle: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joseph Cardoso with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Joseph Cardoso: Hey. Thanks for the question, guys. I just wanted to follow-up on the last free cash flow question. I guess when I'm taking a look at it, it kind of implies that you're going to have a nice step-up in free cash flow generation, which in combination, exiting 2023 with I think, $1.7 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Looks like you'll have a fair bit of dry powder. Can you just help us think about the appetite in '24 to deploy cash, buybacks, M&A? Like should we be thinking about a more aggressive than typical nature? Any color would be appreciated. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Just in terms of capital allocation, we always think of it. And I love the fact that we have the balance sheet that we do. Jason, in his remarks talked about 1.4 net-debt to adjusted EBITDA. So I love the opportunity -- the flexibility that that gives us. I'm proud of the way we are good stewards of capital, both returning it to the shareholder and share repo and dividend, but being surgical and thoughtful to accretive acquisitions as well. So you think about this cash flow and I always think the wheel of 55-30-15. 55% of that cash flow is available for share repo or acquisition, fungible between the two, representative of the opportunities that come our way. 30% is dividend and 15% as Jason just referenced is CapEx. Even though we made only one acquisition at the end of the year in IP video, it certainly wasn't reflective of the engagements that we had. I think there's a lot of opportunity. I love the fact that we have the organic opportunity, whether it's device refresh, public safety prioritization, ARPA funding, enterprise opportunity, video and government, you know the opportunities that are in front of us organically, which are consequential. Equally, I'm excited about acquisition opportunities that can make our portfolio stronger, particularly around either video, software or services. So that's how we think about it.
Jason Winkler: The other thing that was noteworthy in '23 given the strength of our balance sheet is that we did earn an upgrade from Moody's to be Aa2. And as Greg mentioned, we will be in the debt markets this year refinancing $1.3 billion. And so, having taken note of that strength of the cash flow in '23 as well as our expectations in '24, that will help us as we refinance.
Joseph Cardoso: Yeah. Guys, we appreciate the color there. And then just for my follow-up, can we just get an update on Airwave? I noticed in the press release, it sounded like you guys have the option to file an application with the UK Court of Appeal. Like are you guys actually taking that step? Can you provide any color around that? And then any color in terms of the next steps beyond the filing. And what other options you have at your disposal? Thanks for the question.
Greg Brown: Yeah, we will pursue the next step, which is appealing to the UK Court of Appeals. We anticipate doing that next week. I've said all along and we remain pretty consistent that this whole thing has -- is beyond unique. We still believe it's unprecedented. We think it's legally flawed. But I'm not going to whine about it. I'm consistent in our description. We're going to pursue all the avenues available to us to defend our position. So to your point, that will be the filing of the appeal to the UK Court of Appeals next week. Unclear how long that will take. Probably, several months, but that remains to be seen. The only other thing I'd say is in public commentary that has been made with the CMA and other parliamentary hearings, it's pretty obvious that they believe that Airwave will be needed well beyond 2026. The references have been made by different parties to either meeting it through 2029 or 2030. So we will continue to move forward as best we can, engaging where we can, maintaining the investments that we need to make in this network and customer service levels as high as they've ever been.
Jason Winkler: And just as a reminder, our current backlog with the adjustment we mentioned in Q4 has our contract with the UK Home Office through 2026.
Greg Brown: That’s right.
Jason Winkler: There's opportunity for us to serve that account beyond that.
Joseph Cardoso: I appreciate the color, guys. Thanks. Thanks for all the questions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Tomer Zilberman: Hey, guys. Thank you for the question. Just wanted to start off first with ARPA. I just wanted to get an update when it contributed to orders this year and your expectations going into next year. I know you previously noted, it was 5% contribution in '22 and I think you said in the first half of this year was also 5%.
Greg Brown: Yeah, Tomer. That's consistent with what we've said before. I think that the key thing I would say as it relates to budgets right now is public safety number one, continues -- public safety spend continues to get prioritized. Number two, I've just scoured through the state and local budget drafts of 2025. By and large, the situation remains very solid. Even the states that have had an influx of immigrants have actually appropriated more dollars to public safety, which is interesting. But in generally speaking, when we look at it, the budget situations in state and local is very solid.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. I know you touched on backlog already, but curious how the duration of the backlog has improved in the last three months and maybe the start of this year?
Jason Winkler: To begin this year, its duration has similar to slightly improved from the beginning of where we were entering last year. So the duration and the quality attributes of the backlog are as good or better than they were last year.
Tomer Zilberman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Benjamin Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Benjamin Bollin: Good afternoon, everyone. And thanks for taking my question. Greg, bigger picture question. Going into an election year, curious how that has any impact if at all on how you guys thought about 2024 in your top line targets? And then a secondary question would be, could you share your thoughts around the typical refresh that you see in the fixed video deployment and how you think about replacement versus net new placements in the wild and how that kind of comes together in that 10% figure that you're talking about for video growth this year? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yeah. Ben, in terms of the election year, it's interesting, we always talk about this too. If you kind of look back over the history of this business, we do pretty well, irrespective of the Republican or Democratic administration. So we've had great success in 2023, we expect to have another strong year this year. When there is a Presidential change, there is always some period of transition, they will typically operate under a continuing resolution. But in the main, generally speaking, we have a pretty solid foundational level of performance with kind of low beta risk, given the backlog and the continual high priority demand in public safety. On fixed video and we talked about Jason articulated, the 10% target for this year. Look, I actually like the fact that we have the width and breadth of the portfolio that we do. So we have the broadest portfolio in Video, fixed or mobile, prem or cloud, and we can meet the customer wherever they want to be met to buy. Most of our customers have both cloud and prem. If in fact that there is a notable acceleration of cloud adoption, which we've seen and we are seeing that moves more towards cloud, that's great. If that moderates the top line growth from 15% to 10%, that's okay too. Because [Technical Difficulty] revenue, the stickiness with the customer relationship and as Molloy said, he and we still believe we're taking share. So we feel good about the position. In terms of refresh on cameras, Jack, maybe you want to talk about that.
Jack Molloy: Yeah. Ben, it obviously varies if there city wide deployments, meaning outside cameras, you start to see a replacement cycle of anywhere kind of three to five years in the networks that we manage. Internally, those upgrades are more driven by the R&D investments that Mahesh and team have made around analytics. I would note one thing, the acquisition we made in telco, we're actually very pleased in 2023 with the growth that Telco had. But as we think about competitive VMSs that are out there, the work that we have ahead of us this year is to go and leverage our telco portfolio to drive -- to drive new opportunities in the camera replacement cycle.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Just one more thing to add to that is just to support our Alta growth with Video, one of our initial acquisition thesis was just the ability to expand the camera portfolio that Alta supports. And something that we did towards the end of last year was to expand the entire H6SL which is one of the more popular within the Avigilon camera family. Now that is entirely supported within Alta video. And I think that's also going to help with the refresh cycles and also help with some of the transition to cloud. Unity8, we introduced that last year. And Unity8, one of the special thing about it is, it's not just done on-prem solution, it's actually an on-prem solution that can bridge into the cloud side as well. So as we think about those transitions, the boundary between on-prem and cloud, it's a bit fuzzy and I think in a good way for us.
Benjamin Bollin: Thanks, guys.
Greg Brown: Thank you. Thanks, Ben.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys. And great job on the quarter and for the year. Guys, question for you on the IPVideo acquisition. Perhaps just walk us through some rationale for that acquisition and perhaps where you see some cross-selling opportunities and growth opportunities going forward?
Jason Winkler: Sure. So the HALO Video sensor, our [health HALO] (ph) sensor is actually not a new thing for us. We have -- Avigilon had partnered with IPVideo for quite some years. We've actually been reselling the IPVideo solution. And the key reason there is that there are plenty of situations like in schools where video cannot be used in certain locations, but these sensors can. So think of it as the detection of smoking vape sensors, et cetera in bathrooms, in areas where we typically do not install cameras. But become quite important from a security and a safety standpoint. HALO is sort of the leading sensor when it comes to air quality, vape sensing, audio analytics including gunshot detection. And so as we think about really expanding our capability within education and beyond, this is just a natural fit for us to bring in and integrate more closely with our Unity and Alta platforms.
Greg Brown: The only thing I’d add on that, just in terms of cross sell would be that they've done very well in education, it's our role to get in and expand that business into healthcare, into workplaces, into transit areas where you have issues with people smoking and those kind of things as well. We think we've got the relationships to extend in those markets as well.
Keith Housum: Okay. Makes sense. Helpful. I appreciate it. Small question, changing gears, slightly here. No conversation on PCR and I know there's been some moving pieces throughout the year in terms of getting out of some of the areas like Asia, but perhaps just give an update on where PCR stands and I know there was also some issues with supply chain earlier in the year. Any update would be helpful there. Thanks.
Greg Brown: Yeah. PCR actually did great in '23, Keith. About a $1.1 billion of revenue last year. It was a record in full year '23. So the performance by that team was exceptional and I would expect PCR to be comparable levels this year. That's informed into the LMR mid single digit technology growth or actually high single digit when you normalize for Airwave. So PCR is quite resilient and doing well.
Keith Housum: Great. Much appreciated. Thank you.
Greg Brown: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Your line is now open.
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Jack, Mahesh and Tim, good afternoon.
Greg Brown: Louie, how you doing?
Louie DiPalma: Doing great. I was wondering, does Google bring any special benefits for partnering with them for Alta versus the other major cloud providers? I know you have -- I think partnership with Azure for your Command Center business.
Jack Molloy: Yeah, Louie. So, to begin with, Avigilon Alta Video is already on Google Cloud today. And this is really a scale story and especially a scale around some key vectors, for example, AI. And so as we think about expanding Alta geographically. As we think about expanding Alta, and more broadly video across our capability set, AI was important, mapping capabilities was important, low latency data delivery, video delivery was important. And we thought that Google would be a good partner as we expand our installation, our capability of deploying within Google Cloud. In terms of sort of more a broader comment on this. Look, there's lots of stuff happening in the cloud world today, whether that's on the AI side, core cloud services, et cetera. And we want to be able to provide our customers with the best performance at the best price point. And so this Google partnership is really part of our multi-cloud strategy at the end of it all. So that's really what drove it.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And are the economics significantly different for Alta versus Unity? Are you actively pushing for one instead of the other?
Greg Brown: We're positioned to offer our customers a choice. As Jack mentioned, we have growth expectations for both Unity, the on-prem as well as Alta, customers like those in education, we mentioned on the call are increasingly choosing Alta. The difference between the two is really how the VMS or software layers delivered. In the case of Alta, the VMS is delivered and deployed to the cloud under a term license. And in the case of Unity, it's an on-prem and more of a perpetual with a maintenance arrangement. So, those are the two models we have. Jack, customers are…
Jack Molloy: Yeah. Two things there, Louie is the purchase decision remains very dynamic up until the last call it two to three weeks of a decision. But it's interesting as we look at win-loss data, one of the interesting things is that we've had our competitors who are more point solution providers who have been eliminated from decisions and we've had both Alta and Unity as finalist decisions. Which again, I think speaks to the breadth and the advantage that gives us in the marketplace.
Greg Brown: And Louie, while the customer decides, it's not so much what we push, it's what they want. And as Jack said, many customers deploy -- they deploy both. Cloud fixed video is smaller from our overall revenue contribution than prem fixed video, but it's noteworthy to say that the growth of cloud fixed video is a strong multiple of the prem solution.
Louie DiPalma: Yeah. Is there increasing momentum for Alta? I think you mentioned how 25% of the growth for 2023 with Video is from Alta, do you think that 25% is going to increase to 35% or something like that in 2024?
Greg Brown: I don't know, it depends on what '24's growth composition ultimately ends up being. But what I will say is the cloud solution, in our case Alta is growing significantly faster than prem. So it's hard to predict the competition -- the composition at end of year '24 till we see how things settle.
Louie DiPalma: That's all I have. Thanks, everyone.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Louie.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, everyone. You've got [Jamie] (ph) on for Meta. I appreciate you taking the time. Similar to one of the earlier questions and understanding that you're still seeing strong growth and some impressive wins in the quarter, the Q4 growth and accompanying 2024 outlook in Command Center just looked a little bit lower than what we had been modeling. So, I guess is there any additional detail you can provide as to -- as to what you're seeing there and what's driving that outlook on '24? And then as a follow-up, how should we think about the contribution from pricing broadly in the growth outlook for '24?
Greg Brown: And maybe we can tag team this. But Command Center, that's another one I was particularly proud of, because we grew 21% for the year. Now obviously Rave, what's the key driver in that and Rave has turned out to be a great acquisition for us, actually exceeding its business case. Can you take that out, Jamie, and you normalize for organic growth, the organic growth is another solid year of 10% growth. And by the way, that's inclusive of the growth of a $25 million headwind, that actually represents the transitioning out of ESN. So when you think about the overall 10% growth of Command Center, you do have to include the normalization of the exit of ESN that's worth $25 million but growth remains pretty strong in that segment as well.
Jason Winkler: And in terms of growth drivers for '24, we would expect growth from both volume and price Inclusive of ASPs continuing to grow as they did in '23 as our customers adopt more of the feature-rich part of the portfolio, including APX NEXT in other parts of the portfolio, we would expect that to continue and that's included in our growth expectations.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you so much for the time.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jamie.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Yeah, thanks. Listen, thank you for dialing-in and listening. I would just close by saying that, I think as we're entering 2024 or in it now in February, it's pretty clear that public safety and enterprise security have never been more important. I love the fact that we've got the broadest and most comprehensive product portfolio. I like the fact that as customers index to a more notable adoption on cloud acceleration, we're able to capitalize on that with our Alta solution. I love the fact that we have the APX NEXT refresh cycle in particular continue to march forward and that remains robust. And as was mentioned on the call, I am particularly excited about our partnership with Google. For all of the [Motorolas] (ph) listening-in on the call. I'm really proud of you. I'm proud of our team's execution in '23 and I'm anticipating another strong year in 2024 and I appreciate everything you're doing. I look-forward to catching-up and talking with you and debriefing in a quarter. Thanks again for all the great work.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of the call will be available over the Internet within three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] The presentation materials and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of the call will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor.  All participants have been placed in a listen only mode. You'll have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions] I now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2023 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Malloy, Executive Vice President and COO and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary and Jack and Mahesh will join for a Q&A.  We posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call we referenced non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted.  A number of forward-looking statement will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that can cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call in the risk factor section of our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K or any quarter The report on form 10-Q, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown : Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining us today. First, Q3 was another strong quarter with revenue and earnings per share exceeding our guidance driven by continued strong demand, and an improving supply chain environment. Revenue was up 8% in the quarter highlighted by 12% growth in software and services, and 5% growth in products and systems integration.  We also expanded operating margins for the fifth consecutive quarter, which resulted in record Q3 operating earnings in both segments and over $700 million of operating cash flow.  Second, investments in safety and security continue to be a priority for our customers. And we had another record orders quarter in Q3. Year-to-date orders are up 11% driven by strong software and services, record U.S. Federal demand and continued adoption of our APX NEXT device by U.S. state and local customers. Additionally, we ended Q3 with record backlog of $14.3 billion, up 6% versus the prior year. And finally, based on our Q3 results and continued momentum in the business, we are again raising our full year guidance for both sales and EPS for the third time this year.  I'll now turn the call over to Jason. 
Jason Winkler : Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 8% and was above our guidance with growth in both segments both regions and all three technologies. FX tailwinds during the quarter were $13 million while acquisitions added $19 million. GAAP operating earnings were $639 million or 25% of sales up from 15.7% in the year ago quarter, which had the impact of the $147 million fixed asset impairment charge related to our exit from the ESN contract in the UK.  Non-GAAP operating earnings were $741 million, up 10% From the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margin was 29%, up 50 basis points driven by higher sales, lower material costs and improved operating leverage partially offset by a higher mix of international product shipments and the revenue deferral related to Airwave.  GAAP earnings per share was $2.70, up from $1.63 in the year ago quarter, which has the impact of the ESN asset impairment. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.19 up 6% from $3 per share last year. The growth in EPS was driven by higher sales and margins, partially offset by the Airwave deferral and a higher effective tax rate in the current year. OpEx in Q3 was $551 million, up $29 million versus last year primarily due to acquisitions and higher employee incentives in the current year.  Turning to cash flow, Q3 operating cash flow was $714 million up $326 million versus last year and free cash flow was $649 million of $331 million. The increase in year-over-year cash flow was primarily driven by higher earnings and improved working capital. And with our Q3 year-to-date operating cash flow of $799 million, up significantly from last year, we are solidly on track to deliver on our $1.9 billion of operating cash flow outlook for this year.  Capital allocation for Q3 included $147 million in cash dividends $322 million in share repurchases and $65 million of CapEx.  Moving to segments. In the Products and SI segment, sales were up 5% versus last year driven by growth in both LMR and video. Currency tailwinds were $4 million, and revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $1 million. Operating earnings for the segment were $420 million or 26.1% of sales, up from 24.5% in the prior year driven by higher sales, lower direct material costs and improved operating leverage, partially offset by mix.  Some notable Q3 wins and achievements in the Product segment include a $75 million P25 device order for a U.S. federal customer, a $55 million P25 System order for a Southeast Asia customer, a $42 million P25 device order for the Texas Department of Public Safety, a $30 million P25 device order for a U.S. federal customer, a $20 million P25 device order for Indiana State Police and a $3 million fixed video expansion order for a U.S. federal customer.  In software and services, revenue was up 12% inclusive of the Airwave deferral with 31% growth in Command Center and 15% growth in Video. Revenue from acquisitions was $18 million in the quarter, and FX tailwinds were $9 million. Operating earnings in the segment were $321 million, up 7% versus last year and operating margins were 34%, down from 35.7% last year. Excluding the Airwave deferral, operating margins for the segment were up, driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage.  Some notable Q3 highlights in this segment include a $23 million LMR service agreement for a large European customer, a $23 million service agreement for East Bay regional communication systems in California, a $20 million LMR service agreement for the Los Angeles Police Department, a $12 million command center order for Tarrant County 911 District in Texas and an $8 million body-worn camera order for the Metro Nashville Police. Looking at our regional results. North America Q3 revenue was $1.8 billion, up 6% on growth in all three technologies. International Q3 revenue was $773 million, up 13% versus last year driven by growth in LMR and Video. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a Q3 record of $14.3 billion, up 6% or $764 million versus last year, inclusive of $321 million of favorable currency rates driven by strong demand in North America. Sequentially, backlog was down $4 million, inclusive of $125 million of unfavorable FX, driven by the revenue recognition of Airwave, partially offset by strong demand in North America. In Products and SI, ending backlog was up $62 million or 1% versus last year, driven primarily by strong demand in North America. And sequentially, backlog was up $80 million, also driven by strong demand in North America. In Software and Services, backlog increased $702 million compared to last year, inclusive of $294 million of favorable FX driven by strong demand for multiyear software and services contracts in North America, partially offset by the revenue recognition for Airwave. Sequentially, backlog was down $84 million, driven by unfavorable FX of $96 million, partially offset by growth in multiyear Software and Services contracts in North America. Turning next to our outlook. We expect Q4 sales growth of approximately 4%, with non-GAAP EPS between $3.60 and $3.65 per share. This assumes a weighted average share count of approximately 171 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 24%.  For the full year, we are again increasing both our revenue and earnings guidance. We now expect revenue in the range of $9.93 billion to $9.945 billion, up from our prior range of $9.875 billion to $9.9 billion, and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $11.65 and $11.70, up from our prior guide of $11.40 to $11.48 per share. The full year outlook assumes $40 million of FX headwinds, up $25 million from our prior guidance. A weighted average diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. Before I turn the call back to Greg, I'd like to highlight two points. In addition to the strength of our LMR and Video business, our Command Center portfolio performed well during the quarter. In Q3, we achieved strong growth, complemented by a robust contribution from Rave, an acquisition, which continues to exceed our expectations.  Secondly, our supply chain execution navigating extended lead times for some semiconductors and reducing broker purchases continues to drive year-over-year cost savings. We now expect the impact of lower broker purchases to be a $70 million tailwind for this year, up from our prior estimate of $60 million. As a result, we now expect full year operating margin expansion of approximately 200 basis points, up from our prior guidance of 175 basis points.  I'll now turn the call back to Greg.
Greg Brown : Thanks, Jason. First, I'm really pleased with our Q3 results, which highlight the durability and criticality of our business and the strength of our portfolio. Revenue was up 8%, and that's inclusive of the revenue deferral related to Airwave that we've talked to you about already. We also achieved record operating earnings in both segments, record Q3 operating cash flow of over $700 million and a Q3 record backlog that is 6% higher than last year, which positions us well as we head into next year.  Second, the resilient nature of our business and strong cash flow allows us to continue to be flexible as we deploy capital to drive shareholder value. The strength of our cash flow comes from strong demand from product refresh, consistent margin expansion and improving cash conversion. Through October, we've repurchased just under $800 million of stock, highlighting our conviction in the long-term value of MSI.  We also ended the quarter with net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.7, which provides us with a healthy balance sheet and additional firepower to continue to invest both organically and consider inorganic investments as well. And finally, as we look to close out another record year, I think we're exceptionally well positioned for continued growth. Demand for our solutions remains robust. We're continuing to add value to our customers. Our end markets remain resilient, and our teams continue to execute at a high level.  I'll now turn the call over to Tim and welcome your questions accordingly.
Tim Yocum : Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to 1 question and 1 follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question? 
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is now open. 
Tim Long : Yeah, the two, if I could. First, maybe on the Command Center and Software side, pretty strong, obviously, with Rave, a part of that. Could you maybe Greg talk a little bit about what's driving that addition of Rave seems to be positive. Is it adding to ability to cross-sell some of the different platforms or -- just a little bit more color on what's driving that and how Rave ties into that? And then the second one, on the backlog still being record, it's pretty impressive. Most companies are seeing backlog coming down. So a little color there and maybe how that makes you feel about next year as far as growth? Do you think you can kind of sustain the type of growth rates you're seeing this year? Thank you.
Greg Brown : Just on Rave and then maybe Mahesh can jump in. I would tell you, Tim, I love the acquisition. I think it was well done by the internal team here that founded, did the diligence both technical strategic as well as financial. I love Todd Pyott and his entire team that's come over to the organization.  And the performance of Rave since joining Motorola has exceeded the business case and exceeded our expectations.
Mahesh Saptharishi : Full year, I would say that we still expect our growth to be 20%. Look, our core platforms, that's NG-911, CAD, Records Aware, are all doing well as well. As Jason read out in the script, St. Charles, Missouri, just refreshed their call handling solution and adopted our [indiscernible] routing. And you see us solution, Western Australia Police refreshed their CAD. There's also an ecosystem story here. Rave is certainly performing well above our expectations. Arizona is now the 15th state to sign on to Rave Alert. It's a statewide mass notification system. And as we're doing that, we're also refreshing all the call handling instances across the PSAPs in Arizona. And our call handling system integrated with Rave as appropriate here as well.  When you think about a city like Glendale, Glendale now brings in radio, brings in CAD 911, Rave, et cetera, now into a state-of-the-art real-time crime center, all integrated with Aware. And now you can think about orchestration when major incidents happened on the heels of things like active shooter incidents, et cetera, that benefit from the fact that the ecosystem allows you to now respond much faster.
Jason Winkler : Tim, on backlog, we remain in a strong backlog position with an 8% revenue print in Q3 and backlog of $14 billion or more being up 6%. Our backlog is very strong. And I'd also point out that our backlog comes over 95% of it from government customers, who buy what they need, when they need it and count on us to deliver it. So we remain -- and Q3 orders inbound in Q3, inbound orders were also strong. So our backlog position is one of strength and Greg, I'll turn it to you for further comments.
Greg Brown : Yeah. And Tim, as it relates to 2024, obviously, we'll wait until February to give specifics on any kind of detailed guidance. I would tell you, as we sit here today from a high level, we would estimate revenue, again, kind of back of the cocktail napkin to be about $10.5 billion at this point as we sit here today. By the way, that's inclusive of $250 million of incremental revenue headwinds, about $200 million of that out of the UK home office. We've talked to you about that before. The deferral of Airwave representing a little bit over $100 million, the balance of that being the formal exit of ESN for a total of $200 million related to the UK Home Office and anticipated FX headwinds of about $50 million.  So high level, as I sit here today and take a look -- that's kind of how I would dimensionalize next year and filling in more detail when we get together in February.
Tim Long : Okay. Thanks very much. I appreciate it. 
Greg Brown : Thank you, Tim. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is now open. 
George Notter : Hi, guys. Thanks very much. Greg, you mentioned the UK I guess I was wondering what the latest and greatest is out of the UK. I know you guys were going through the CAD tribunal process. I think the release today references that you still haven't heard back. I think you had expected to hear back after a number of weeks. And so wondering what's going on there. I'm wondering if the delay in being back with you is potentially good news. But what do you think is going to happen there? And what does it look like in terms of the appeal processes if that CAD tribunal process did not work out? 
Greg Brown : Yeah. On the UK, there's really no news to report, George. We had the hearing on August 2 and 3. I think we reiterated the strong case, we feel with a high level of conviction. And you've heard me use adjectives before. I'm very specific with how I would describe the situation. I think it's unprecedented. I think it's overreaching. It's entirely disproportionate, but we made the case.  And as a result, we're waiting on that CAD, that competition appeals tribunal, you referenced that ruling. It's a fairly opaque regulatory process. So I couldn't speculate 1 way or the other on how to interpret that. We'll wait to get it. I would anticipate getting it certainly between now and the end of the year. And as I've already said as well, if it, in turn, does not go our way, we will continue to exhaust all legal options to defend the position we have, provisioning and delivering outstanding and very reliable emergency communication services throughout the UK.
George Notter : Got it. And then just as a quick follow-up. I assume the -- I understand that you guys have made the adjustment in terms of your financials and expectations. But I assume that contract is still going as is while we wait for the CAD tribunal to make a vision and then potentially other appeals processes. Is that correct? Are you taking the price it now?
Greg Brown : That's right. We're still delivering the services. We're still investing in the network. We're still doing all the things that are expected of us to deliver superior reliable emergency communication services. We've referenced this to your point. We did start the deferral of revenue on Airwave on August 1. So we're deferring that revenue through the balance of this year. And that informs about $200 million of incremental revenue headwinds for next year. Airwave all in is about $110 million or $115 million of that with a balance of $85 million or so being ESN. So we are obligated to recognize that accounting consistent with the price control of final remedies order, and we're doing that. If there's a different outcome, then we would change that accordingly. 
George Notter : Thank you. 
Greg Brown : Thanks, George. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open. 
Keith Housum : Good morning, guys and great question. In terms of the supply chain issues that you guys have had in terms of the semiconductor chips, where do we stand with that? I mean, do we still have a significant backlog of chips that might carry over into next year? Or is that largely caught up?
Jason Winkler : Keith, thanks for the question. The supply chain environment for our needs for chips, which I'll remind everyone is for generally 40 nanometers and above is improving, although it's not to levels of normality. For example, lead times for certain chips are now approaching 25-26 weeks where they had been double that, but in a normal environment, they should be 15 or 16.  So improvements, yes, and that's what's helping us drive the favorability of now $70 million in the P&L, but still some opportunity to improve further, and that's what's incorporated into our expectations for Q4 that we'll continue to use the tools that we've been using for a number of quarters now, looking for substitutes, working with our supplier partners and using the available supply that we can find at lower prices. 
Greg Brown : And we would, Jason, continued to see PPV benefit in '24 as well.
Jason Winkler : Yeah. Next year, as we told you on the last call, we're planning for about $60 million of '24 incremental PPP relief over '23. So we still have opportunity to capture there and expect that in the P&L. And again, that aligns to our expectations that things will continue to improve into '24.
Keith Housum : Great. Thanks. Appreciate it. If I can just follow up, M&A has been a key part of motor-oil strategy over the years. As you're looking forward, I mean, is there anticipation that you're going to keep with some of these small tuck-in acquisitions? Or is there an appetite for perhaps a larger more transformational acquisition as well?
Greg Brown : Yeah. Well, we certainly are in great shape from a balance sheet standpoint and the firepower to do some things inorganically. It's ironic, Keith, because here was sitting in November, and we have not done an acquisition yet to date. That is certainly not for a lack of an active and a fulsome funnel, but we've been pretty diligent and quite frankly, some sellers have been reluctant at prices that we thought would be more reasonably valued. That's okay.  Having said that, do I anticipate some continued M&A tuck-in activity, I do and the team, Raj, Mahesh, Jack, Jason, Michael, Anas [ph] are actively working that funnel. I think we still probably emphasize in general, services and video security and access control as areas of probably higher priority than others that we would look to do inorganically. And if there's something larger for us to consider, we would evaluate that as well clear eyed, but balance both financially and strategically, and we'll see what comes.
Keith Housum : Great. Thank you. 
Greg Brown : Thanks, Keith. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is now open. 
Adam Tindle : Okay, thanks. Good afternoon. Congrats on the results. Greg, I wanted to start with backlog, again, record levels. Just I guess the heart of the question would be how long do you think this can continue? Do you think we're going to exit this year with record backlog again? Or when do you expect to see maybe some level of attenuation or normalization slowing in backlog based on what your business looks like right now?
Greg Brown : Yeah, I certainly wouldn't speculate on backlog because I don't have a crystal ball. Having said that. Q3, we ended record backlog. Q3 was also a record quarter's quarter. So I love the funnel. I love our conversion. I love the record orders, and I think we're well positioned. By the way, when I look at the quality of the backlog in terms of aged or duration that remains strong as well. As Jason said, we still have to navigate supply chain on the semiconductor front. It's not normalized. Lead times remain elevated.  But at the end of the day, I like our end markets. I think they're pretty resilient. I like the demand and criticality for what we do, i.e., public safety and enterprise security informed by video security and access control as well as all the great work Mahesh is doing on the product side, in Command Center.  So we'll see where we're at. But as we sit here in November, do I like how we're entering into 2024? Absolutely. And if there's any changes to that, obviously, we'll update you in February.
Adam Tindle : Got it. Okay. And then as we think about that backlog converting to revenue, obviously, supply chain is still challenged, but starting to get better, and I'm wondering what that could ultimately mean for 2024 growth in various scenarios. Obviously, I'm not guiding to that. I hear you on the 10/5 [ph], but if supply were to kind of free up in a blue-sky scenario, are you looking at high single-digit growth or better? What are the kind of the different scenarios based on potential backlog converting to revenue?
Greg Brown : Yes. I think I would just stick to the 10/5 as a general high-level anticipated marker and reserve any additional color on either technologies or segments for the February conversation. But again, Adam, and I appreciate the question. But all I would tell you is I feel very good about going into 2024, and we'll update you in about 90 days.
Adam Tindle : Okay. Yeah. Understood. I know you like to stay conservative, which I think we all appreciate. Maybe just 1 final point on this for Jason. As this backlog comes through, can you maybe speak to the margin profile of that? I can't remember if you're a FIFO or LIFO, but there may be some benefit from higher priced backlog coming through and would think that would potentially help margins moving forward. But any finer point you can put on the mechanics of that would be helpful. Thanks. 
Jason Winkler : Sure. So beginning in Q3 of last year is when our P&L began to see the benefits of the work that Jack and his team did around strategic pricing. We've seen that continue in the back half of last year as well as the entirety of this year. So continue to focus on price and optimization and some of our new products, which customers really like also come at a price increase for us.  So in terms of backlog, we prioritize around, first of all, customers -- priority goes to public safety. But for the most part, the backlog that we do have in products is representative of the prices that we've implemented CIRCA July of last year. So you've seen it show up in the P&L, and we would expect that to continue with our growth being driven by both volume and price.
Greg Brown : And I think we do expect operating margin next year.
Jason Winkler : Absolutely. Yes, exactly.
Adam Tindle : Okay. Appreciate the clarification. Thanks, guys. 
Jason Winkler : Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tomer Zilberman with Bank of America. Your line is now open. 
Tomer Zilberman : Hey, guys. Thank you for the question. Just the first one for me. So your revenue outperformance this quarter versus street expectations really shown through LMR and Command Center. But it looks like you fell a little bit short on a Video product and SI. Can you talk about the weakness there? What drove the 5% growth this quarter?
John Molloy : Sure. Thanks, Tomer. So first of all, I want to highlight the fact that we're actually really pleased with Q3 because the 8% is against the backdrop of a comp last Q3 of 33%. So our full year expectations remain unchanged. It's really a linearity story. And I think leaving that, I think we take a look at it and say, from an alignment standpoint from the portfolio investments, we just announced the H6A camera.  We're now shipping the ACC8, which is a unified video management solution. And then more importantly, if you think about the verticals that we serve, it's government, which has shown resilience in funding, it's education is health care and industrial, which has actually grew 17% for us this quarter. We're really pleased, and we think there's good synergies on the investments we're making in the markets that we serve.
Greg Brown : And Tom, I think you said 5% per video, as Jack said.
John Molloy : Actually 8%, over 33%.
Greg Brown : 33% comp. In terms of the segment, S&S, of 5, I remind you that includes the decrement and deferral of Airwave revenue, which is important and compresses that. But at the same time, we continue to have great performance in command center software with the strong print for Q3. We have strong managed services performance and something that's not even reflected in Q3 is Denmark. And Molloy's team did a fabulous job on a multiyear project and multiyear managed services contract to close on Denmark. So I think that also should inform how you interpret the S&S performance.
Tomer Zilberman : Got it. And if I can just follow up. In terms of your 4Q and your fiscal guidance, I'm sure this is just something more with language than anything your 4Q guidance of 4% implies the higher end of your revamped fiscal guidance, while the low end of your fiscal guidance would imply around 3.5% growth for 4Q. So can you just talk about what would draw -- what could happen that would draw that incremental 0.5 point weakness?
Greg Brown : Yeah. I think what I would say, Tomer, is I kind of focus on the approximately 4%. I understand the math differences of how you disaggregated it. But we're looking and anticipate 4% revenue growth for Q4. By the way, that's in the face of $105 million of headwind for Q4, $50 million, which is the Airwave deferral that's in that growth, $40 million, which is the business -- light business model, change that we informed you on a couple of months ago, a couple of quarters ago. And there's $15 million of additional FX headwinds.  So the 4% is actually a pretty healthy quarter that we're pretty proud of, and that's why we're raising the full year accordingly as well. 
Tomer Zilberman : Great. Thank you. 
Greg Brown : Thanks, Tomer. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Meta Marshall : Great, thanks. I just wanted to dive into a couple of your comments on the call. You guys noted that Rave was doing very well. Is that more customers coming on? Is that you're able to kind of cross-sell it, upsizing other products along with it. Just kind of where some of that Rave strength coming from. And then maybe on the federal side as well, I noted you talked about the $75 million P25 deal, but just -- is that a broadening of agencies, just faster refreshes, just kind of commentary on the two sources of upside this quarter would be helpful. Thanks. 
Mahesh Saptharishi : Just to start out with on the integration piece, we announced a quarter ago, I believe, at this point, where we are bundling Rave with all our new Vesta offers going forward. There's an integration between our call handling solution and Rave as well. We have deeper penetration into the education market with our integration with Orchestrate and with our Video solutions, panic button being a big part of it. We integrated the Panic Button Rave elements with Aware, the command center Aware, for real-time prime center. So all of that acts as a very positive synergy, and I think that helps with the really accelerating rate adoption across the board.
John Molloy : As it relates to federal, we're having a record year. And as you know, the federal government closed just occurred September 30. We're seeing it, it's broad-based. It's Department of Defense. It's civil, it's law enforcement, it's multiyear. So we're really pleased with what happened in federal. And then when you start to think about some of the federal supplemental requests, one of the items in there is $106 billion for the critical national security, which is going to fund Ukraine and Israel. What I would highlight is during the course of this year, we've actually shipped $100 million into Ukraine, a little greater than $100 million at this point in time.  So as you think about it, everything related to federal, Joe Balchen, John Zidar and their team have really done a job we're really pleased with.
Jason Winkler : And just to remind everybody, the size and scale of our federal business last year was 7% of our total revenues. This year, it's trending slightly higher than that. It's an important market for us. And it remains an area of focus, but it's smaller than state and local.
John Molloy : One final thing that we've talked about is around the NDA and Secure Communications Act that has essentially been an unfunded mandate. And now there's $450 million for the cybersecurity state and local grant, it's going to fund rip and replace, which should be beneficial from a camera business standpoint.
Meta Marshall : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. 
Unidentified Analyst: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking the question. This is Brian [indiscernible] on for Ben. I was wondering if you could update us on the APX NEXT refresh cycle, kind of where we are in that and how you see that playing out into '24 and '25?
John Molloy : Sure. So in 2 words, I'd say, momentum acceleration. We're now received of $600 million of orders since our introduction in late 2020. We actually did $100 million of orders in Q3 '23. I think the thing we're most pleased with is we're having good success within major cities, but we're now starting to see smaller state and local customers place orders against us. I would attribute a few things. It's a lot of the basics, I would call world-class ergonomics, audio quality. But the game changer for us has really been the application adoption customers, the demand to have location that works hand in glove with our command center software and Rave solution, the ease of use by way of smart programming and then the ability to extend the network through SmartConnect have really been a game changer.  I think we look at it and say they're -- when we look at our portfolio, APX NEXT family and radios, there's really nothing like it in the public safety domain. I think you asked a follow-on question around 20. We've typically said our LMR business and the device plays into that as it's a mid-single-digit kind of business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And one follow-up, if I could, on the Surveillance business. I think you called out incremental verticals getting involved there, but we would love to hear your perspective on the mix between commercial and public sector and surveillance and kind of how that's shifted and where it's going?
John Molloy : Sure. So public safety is now one of our two largest vertical markets in terms of video security. And I'd remind everybody that when we acquired Avigilon, that was essentially a nascent business. So that's been the function of our sales team's ability to take a new portfolio in the government. So that's the first thing. In the enterprise, our business in enterprise, particularly in video security and access control is a little different than most. It's really centered around safety and security. The primary verticals that we touch there, as we've said, is education. It's health care. And then business around energy production and utilities and transportation, which have all grown as well. Those are really the core verticals for that business in the enterprise space.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joe Cardoso with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. 
Joe Cardoso : Hey, good afternoon. And thanks for the questions. I actually just want to follow up on the APX NEXT comment and the momentum you're seeing there in combo with the LMR growing mid-single digits. We're just coming up against some quarters with tough compares. So I just wanted to -- just curious or maybe it's more of a clarification. If you think that mid-single-digit growth is sustainable even on top of the difficult compares over the next couple of quarters? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Jason Winkler : So our portfolio is refreshing itself around APX NEXT, as Jack mentioned, $600 million of orders since introduction in 2020. And we have continued to invest in other parts of the portfolio, too, like Tetra and others. So we're at still early stages of device refresh. And while having had a number of good quarters and continued demand, we would expect to continue to be able to grow that business as well as, as I mentioned earlier, the pricing strategy that supports the investments that we make, and we spend a sizable amount of R&D to innovate and advance the portfolio should lead to continued growth in the next year. 
Joe Cardoso : Got it. That's great. And then my follow-up actually on free cash flow. You had another solid quarter here. It appears that tailwinds are materializing, example being the elevated levels of inventories that we've seen over the past couple of quarters, that's coming down a bit. I guess if we take a step back and we starting to cycle past some of the choppy free cash flow generation we've seen over the past couple of quarters, just given kind of that dynamic macro environment and returning more to a consistency type of level we've seen in the past relative to conversions.  Any thoughts on whether the level of shareholder return can be maintained or accelerated going forward, just given working capital, improving the momentum behind the business, et cetera? Thanks, guys. 
Jason Winkler : Sure. So I'll start with this year. I mentioned that we're solidly on track to deliver on the $1.9 billion in cash flow. That was an aggressive plan that we set at the beginning of the year. We mentioned in February that, that included $300 million of higher cash taxes over 2022. And with cash flow at this point through three quarters being up, we are well positioned to deliver on that $1.9 billion.  You're also right in that our inventory levels continue to come down. They're down $200 million from this point last year. They're down $85 million sequentially, and they're still at $950 million. So as we look into next year and the opportunities, we envision continued opportunity to balance investments in inventory with record backlog and working capital optimization into the future.
Joe Cardoso : Got it. Thanks for all the color. 
Greg Brown : Thanks, Joe. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown : So first of all, thanks for everybody dialing in and listening, but also thank you to everybody at Motorola Solutions, a great quarter, great execution. A lot of moving parts, but I love the team we've assembled, and I love the collaboration and pristine focus we have, both balancing results and investing for the long term.  I also would say in closing that in a world of challenging and increasing threats, I think the investments we've made in safety and security are as important as ever. We -- in effect, when you think about what we do, we are solving for safer. We're solving for safer communities, safer schools, safer hospitals, safer stadiums. And we do that by linking and integrating public safety with private organizations and private institutions to ensure that the solutions that we deliver and provision and the bidirectional customized workflow within them, protect people, property and places. Again, I'm proud of everybody. I think the outlook for our business is strong. Record orders, record backlog, a robust funnel, lots to do, but also lots of opportunity as well. Look forward to talking to you in February. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of the call will be available over the Internet within three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within three hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today’s presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2023 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today’s earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. First, Q2 was another outstanding quarter with revenue and earnings per share both exceeding our guidance. In Software and Services, revenue was up 13% and operating earnings were up 15%, driven by strong growth across all three technologies. And in Products and Systems Integration, continued robust demand and improved supply chain availability led to a 12% growth in revenue and a 52% growth in operating earnings in the segment. Additionally, we ended the quarter with record Q2 ending backlog of $14.3 billion, up approximately $850 million versus last year, and also up approximately $200 million sequentially. Second, our exceptional performance during the quarter was broad-based, with double-digit revenue growth in both segments both regions and in all three technologies, including 20% growth in Command Center and 17% growth in Video Security. We also saw record Q2 orders in both segments during the quarter, driven by customers prioritizing technology investments to strengthen public safety and enterprise security. And finally, based on our Q2 results and the continued strong demand we’re seeing across the business, we’re again raising our full year guidance for both sales and earnings per share. I’ll now turn the call over to Jason.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 12% and was above our guidance with double-digit growth in both segments, both regions and in all three technologies. FX headwinds during the quarter were $23 million, while acquisitions added $20 million. GAAP operating earnings were $518 million or 21.6% of sales, up from 16.7% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $641 million, up 29% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margin was 26.7%, up 350 basis points. The strong year-over-year increase in both GAAP and non-GAAP operating earnings was driven by higher sales, inclusive of our higher prices, pricing, lower direct material costs and improved operating leverage. GAAP earnings per share was $2.15 compared to $1.33 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.65, up 28% from $2.07 last year. This strong growth in EPS was driven by higher sales and margins, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate in the current year. OpEx in Q2 was $555 million, up $53 million versus last year, primarily due to increased expenses from acquisitions, investments in video and higher employee-related incentives in the current year. Turning to cash flow. Q2 operating cash flow was $93 million, up $83 million versus last year, and free cash flow was $40 million, up $89 million. The increase in year-over-year cash flow was primarily driven by higher earnings and improved working capital, partially offset by higher cash taxes. For the full year, we continue to expect approximately $1.9 billion of operating cash flow. The linearity of our cash flow is expected to be consistent with last year with higher earnings and improved working capital driving increased cash flow in the second half. Also, as we previously highlighted, this year’s cash flow includes approximately $300 million of additional cash taxes compared to last year, inclusive of a one-time $70 million tax payment that relates to an IP reorganization that we did in 2022. Capital allocation in Q2 included $224 million in share repurchases, $148 million in cash dividends and $53 million of CapEx. Moving to segment results. In the Products and SI segment, sales were up 12% versus last year, driven by improved supply availability in the current year and the benefit from pricing actions continuing to flow through. Currency headwinds were $10 million and revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $2 million. Operating earnings were $285 million or 19.8% of sales, up from 14.6% in the prior year, driven by higher sales, lower material costs, inclusive of lower broker spend for semiconductors and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q2 wins and achievements in this segment include $145 million P25 system upgrade for Kern County, California. A $41 million P25 system and device order for a U.S. federal customer, a $31 million P25 system expansion for Ventura County, California, a $19 million P25 device order for a U.S. federal customer and a $6 million fixed video order for a large U.S. healthcare customer. In Software and Services, revenue was up 13%, including 20% growth in Command Center and 19% growth in Video. Revenue from acquisitions was $18 million in the quarter, and FX headwinds were $13 million. Operating earnings in the segment were $356 million, up 15% versus last year and operating margins were 36.9%, up from 36.1% last year. On higher sales and improved operating leverage, partially offset by higher costs from acquisitions. Some notable Q2 highlights in this segment include a $34 million video order for the Virginia State Police, which included our largest in-car video order ever, a $15 million LMR services agreement with City of Baltimore, Maryland, a $13 million managed services agreement for LMR and a renewal in Latin America; a $12 million Command Center order for a U.S. federal customer and an $8 million LMR service agreement with another U.S. federal customer. Looking at regional results for the company, North America Q2 revenue was $1.6 billion, up 11% on strong growth in all three technologies. International Q2 revenue was $762 million, up 16% versus last year, driven by growth in LMR and Video, partially offset by unfavorable FX. Moving to our backlog. Ending backlog was a Q2 record of $14.3 billion, up 6% or $856 million versus last year, driven by strong demand in all three technologies. Sequentially, backlog was up $211 million, driven by record Q2 orders in both segments. In the Products and SI segment, ending backlog was up $496 million or 11% and year-over-year and up $100 million sequentially, driven primarily by strong LMR demand. In Software and Services, backlog was up $360 million compared to last year, driven by strong demand for multiyear software and services contracts in North America, partially offset by revenue recognition for Airwave and the adjustment related to the ESN contract exit. Sequentially, backlog was up $111 million, driven by record Q2 orders in the segment. Turning next to our outlook. We expect Q3 sales to be up approximately 6% with non-GAAP earnings per share between $2.99 and $3.04 per share. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate between 23% and 24%. For the full year, we are again increasing both our revenue and EPS guidance. We now expect revenue in the range of $9.875 billion to $9.9 billion, up from our prior range of $9.725 billion to $9.775 billion, and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $11.40 and $11.48 per share up from our prior guidance of $11.21 to $11.29 per share. This full year outlook assumes $25 million of FX headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of 23% to 24%. Before turning it back to Greg, I wanted to provide some color on a few financial topics. First, an update on the CMA and Airwave. As we’ve stated previously, we strongly disagree with the CMA’s final decision. Earlier this week, the CMA issued its remedies order regarding implementation of their final decision effective on August 1. This procedural next step does not change our position regarding the ongoing appeal process and our strong belief in our case. However, from an accounting perspective, beginning August 1, we will now defer revenue for the amount above the remedies order price control until the appeals process has been completed. This deferral and resulting lower revenue from Airwave for the remainder of the year is fully incorporated into our increased revenue and earnings guidance for the year. Second, earlier this week, Moody’s upgraded our credit from two Baa2 from Baa3. This higher credit rating underscores the strength of our balance sheet, including the strong liquidity position, our balanced debt maturity profile, significantly improved pension status, along with a track record of consistently growing earnings and cash flow. And finally, our increased guidance for the year highlights the strength of our business as we enter the second half. Our backlog is exceptionally strong, driven by robust customer demand. And based on our current pipeline and supply chain environment, we expect backlog to remain strong going forward. Additionally, the expected lower semiconductors we articulated in February, the cost related to these semiconductors coupled with the pricing adjustments in our own portfolio that were implemented in the second half of last year are driving the significant full year margin expansion of approximately 175 basis points. That is implied in our increased guidance. I’m now turning the call back to Greg.
Greg Brown: Jason, thank you very much. First, our exceptional Q2 results highlight the continued strong momentum we’re seeing across the business. We grew revenue double-digits in both segments, both regions, and in all three technologies. We expanded operating margins by 350 basis points, and we achieved record Q2 orders, which has led to our highest ending backlog ever for a second quarter, and is driving our increased guidance for the full year. Second, we continue to leverage our global installed base to sell more value-add Software and Services to our customers. During the quarter, Software and Services revenue was up 13% with strong growth in all three technologies. We also achieved record Q2 orders in this segment, highlighted by our largest in-car video order ever from the Virginia State Police that included automated license plate recognition and digital evidence management. And with our recent Rave acquisition, we’ve made significant advances in integration across our ecosystem, which is driving strong pipeline demand for Rave together with our command center products. And finally, I just wanted to spend a little time and provide some color on artificial intelligence. We recognized AI and the potential impact it could have on our customers back a few years ago when we acquired Avigilon and its AI capabilities. And we’ve seen and continue to see this technology driving opportunity for both our business and our customers. AI along with generative AI plays an important role in our solutions to help keep communities safe from actively analyzing live video and alerting humans when something important happens to assisting a 911 call with our live translation solution to automatically redacting evidence, these advancements improve response times, which can help save lives while also enhancing privacy for those involved. AI will continue to enhance how our solutions help protect people, property, and places. With our ongoing investments and deep expertise, we’re very well-positioned in this space, and we expect to see increased adoption of these technologies from public safety, enterprises, and private organizations alike for a more proactive approach to safety and security. I’ll now turn the call back to Tim and we’ll open it up for your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I’d like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. The first question is from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. I’ll start with the clarification, Jason, one for you, Greg. Jason, yes, pretty impressive, you’re raising numbers despite the change in accounting for Airwave. Just wanted to clarify there we got the new revenue level that was mandated and that you guys are accounting to. Can you just talk a little bit about expenses? I think you guys have run that network pretty efficiently. So should we assume a comparable expense level to how things have been running? Or is does something change on that side on the EPS impact? And then for Greg, if you could just talk a little bit about macro, it sounds like everything’s going pretty well, but if you could just hit on kind of what you’re seeing from the government customers and to what extent you’re starting to see federal and ARPA type of dollars flowing into the business. That’d be great. Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Tim. So our expectations for Airwave revenues this year with the now deferred revenue effective August 1 are for about $480 million of revenue from Airwave. That’ll be down from about $560 million last year. To answer your question on cost, we run that network and provide a service level. I wouldn’t anticipate significant cost changes. Our cost to run that network and deliver the services are what they are. So we are deferring about $80 million in revenue this year and still raising our guidance from the last time we were together by about $140 million.
Greg Brown: And to Jason’s point, the $80 million reduction due to accounting and the required treatment of that from $560 million to $480 million is obviously all in the back half of the year starting August 1, running through the remainder of the year. As in terms of expenses and investment, we continue to invest in Airwave by the way, Tim just a few months ago the end users gave us feedback and network performance and reliability, which was as high as we’ve ever achieved on Airwave. So we’re proud of that and we continue to maintain and invest on behalf of our end users. In terms of macro, high level the business is as good as I’ve ever seen it. The demand drivers are strong. Jack has talked about, and we’ll talk a little bit about today if you want about device refresh. And interestingly, Tim, Molloy mentioned last year, we try to track demand against the orders achieved last year, and we believe as best we could tell less than 5% of our orders last year were tagged due to ARPA. Through the first half of this year, we also believe it’s less than 5% as well. So the nice thing about this is, we’re seeing demand drivers around public safety, video security, access control, command center, software and services that’s really underpinning environmental and overall demand sure ARPA helps, but as best we could tell, it’s fairly minimal.
Jack Molloy: I’d agree with that, Greg. The only thing I’d add to that, and I think you highlighted the benefits from a product standpoint, but from S&S standpoint, a year-over-year, we had a $360 million increase in backlog. In addition to that, we’re in receipt of a contract from the State of Illinois for a $300 million frame agreement for a 10-year period for services. That’s incremental and that’s not reflected in our backlog, Tim. So I think that’s just another proof point to the conversations we’re having with customers really resonate for their needs right now.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Notter from Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi guys, thanks very much. I guess I wanted to ask about margins and profitability. I think at one point you guys were looking for about a $50 million benefit this year on lower brokers fees and expedite fees. I guess I’m wondering if that’s still the expectation for this year. And then also I’m curious about what the overall level of broker fees and expedite fees you’re carrying for this year would look like. And when do those step back down? Would that be a 2024 event or when do you see relief there? Thanks.
Jason Winkler: Hi George, thanks for the question. So we began the year with an expectation for $50 million of lower costs related to premiums through brokers. We’re trending a bit better than that. We’re on path to about a $60 million year-over-year benefit largely in the first half. We’re still spending some investments on brokers. As we look into next year, we would expect to comparable benefit level of about $60 million into 2024 for brokers. Again, the supply chain environment remains fluid. It’s incrementally better, but we’re still using the same tools we’ve been using for over a year to make sure that we get the supplies that we need. The level of commitment from our suppliers is strong but their lead times remain elevated still. And so from time to time we will use PPV [ph] to secure the parts to match the record demand that we’re seeing.
Greg Brown: And I do have to say thanks to for all the engineers in Motorola, because as we manage PPV and to Jason’s point, we’ll achieve now $60 million, a little higher than $50 million’s target. And we – that would be our goal for next year as well another $60 million. A lot of the engineers in Motorola have done real time under Molloy’s leadership and Scott Mottonen and others. They’ve done product redesign in a way that’s allowed us to substitute parts in a matter of months that also have allowed the company to be adept and firm and responsive to our customers. And I just want everybody to know on the engineering community how grateful we are for that because they were – they’ve been superstars.
George Notter: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, if I do the math, I think you’re still caring about $150 million in annualized expedite fees or brokers fees. Is that right for this year?
Jason Winkler: Yes. This year’s envelope is going to be a little less than that. It’s more important that we – as we look at next year’s envelope reducing by $60 million, that’s our current thinking. As we go through supply planning, there’s other offsets that are always in the mix around direct materials costs, some positive, some unfavorable. So as we look to next year, we see a $60 million benefit, particularly related to this opportunity from broker fees.
George Notter: Great. Okay. Thanks very much. Appreciate it.
Greg Brown: Thanks, George.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. I just wanted to start on Airwave. Just a clarification, admittedly, I think we’re all outside our core competency and trying to read through these legal documents here, but $200 million in U.S. dollars. So I guess the first question would be just to understand how you came up with that $80 million headwind? And then secondly, what absent the appeal? What that number would go to in 2024 as we try to think about shaping our models for the worst case scenario?
Jason Winkler: Yes. So first of all, the beginning date of the deferral for revenue is consistent with the remedies order, which is August 1 to the end of the year. That’s the approximately $80 million. If you do the math on that for next year it would – it’d be approximately another $100 million step down. There are a variety of inputs that go into us servicing Airwave, the usage of the network, the one-time events that go with the network, the number of user communities that subscribe as well as inflation and other variables that go into how much revenue we recognize from the contract. All those things together last year $560 million, this year on path to $480 million and then you can do the math on the price control into next year for approximately another $100 million decline.
Adam Tindle: For the full year, yes.
Jason Winkler: For the full year, correct.
Greg Brown: And Adam, what I’d say is like I think this process is proceeding as expected. So we knew that the CMA issued a final decision. In Q2, we knew it would be followed by a remedies order statutorily, they could have gone till October to do that as late as October. They did it now in light of the remedies implementation order, that requires the accounting treatment Jason just described. It doesn’t change at all our belief and our confidence in this case, by the way. The hearing, the appeal to the competition appeals tribunal was yesterday and today. So that part is done as well. Now we will wait to see what they rule on the appeal. We have said and I’ve said we’ve been very consistent. We think this action is unprecedented overreaching. It effectively is opening up an already agreed on binding legal contract. But we’ll see how it plays out, in the meantime, we’ve deferred the revenue through the end of this year as required and to articulate and quantify what it could be. If nothing else changed, it would be another approximately $100 million deferral or reduction of Airwave on a full year basis next year.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And that $100 million on revenue, would that also be about approximately that on the EBIT line or any way to think for us to think about EBIT on that a $100 million?
Jason Winkler: Yes, so as I mentioned to Tim, the cost structure and our needs to run this network haven’t changed. So the lower revenue largely tracks to a lower a margin amount as well.
Adam Tindle: Got it. Okay. Makes sense. And then absent that, obviously Greg, as you mentioned, the rest of the business is running in incredibly well. Notably, the PSI segment over 50% operating income growth on 12% revenue growth and I’m looking at a first half margin near 20%, which is I think maybe even unprecedented for that segment in total for the first half. So I guess a question on that would be how do you see the margin trajectory of that piece of the business? I know it’s been through a lot whether it was COVID and pandemic and all that. I wonder if you’re coming out the other side with maybe a structurally improved margin profile and how you’re thinking about the trajectory of that piece of business. Thanks.
Greg Brown: First of all, I’d say that, and again, I compliment the team, Jason, Jack, on the improved gross margins, both on cost of goods as well as – as you know, we’ve taken a series of pricing actions starting last year and coming into this year. We view those pricing actions as sticky, not transient. So the margin profiles better. In terms of growth of LMR and the technology, we’ve guided for the full year mid-single-digits, we still expect that to be appropriate full year guidance. We’re coming off some monster comps in the first half of this year. And by the way, the Airwave accounting treatment of the $80 million reduction or deferral in revenue is in the back half of this year, that would be reflected in the LMR technology. Having said that, I’m super proud of the gross margin expansion and operating margin expansion and while obviously we’re sitting in August, so it’s too early to talk about 2024, but it would be my and our expectations to grow operating margins in 2024 as well.
Jason Winkler: So it’s important to note also in terms of the first half performance, and you’re right, we had significant margin expansion in products. That’s off of last year’s first half, which included our highest broker costs as well as last year’s first half didn’t include our own pricing increases. So effective July 1 of last year in our second half, you saw significant on good growth, significant margin step up in the second half. That’s continued through the first half of this year. And as we look to growth in our second half this year, we’ll still have margin increases over those records from last year. And really that’s a function of when we implemented the price increases and when the PPV or higher broker costs have come out of our product set.
Adam Tindle: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: And we’ll move next to Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Thanks. I appreciate you guys taking the question. Greg, I was hoping you could – you made the comment about the overall funding environment being so healthy. And I’m not trying to get you to guide into 2024, but I’m interested how you think about just public sector funding overall, the sources of income to public sector and how you think that’s evolving as you look out over into 2024 and beyond.
Greg Brown: Well, I like number one to your point, Ben, thanks for the question. The underlying demand drivers of the business are strong absent funding. Then you get the funding and I talked about the, as best we can tell, the percentage orders in terms of order volume attributed to ARPA is 5% or less. The other thing I like is the multi-year nature of state and local funding, which is $350 billion in the Inflation Reduction Act and $170 billion of education, which is an absolutely prioritized vertical for us and what Jack Molloy and his team are doing. So we’re not going to guide on 2024, but the fact that we had the print we had and record Q2 orders and record Q2 ending backlog and improved 12-month duration of backlog. And the other thing Molloy and I track is pipeline, right? So what’s the pipeline and funnel? What’s the stuff coming in at the top? How are we doing on order conversion and velocity? And when Jack and I look at that, that’s favorable as well. And in terms of the health of the overall state and local budgets, they remain strong too.
Jack Molloy: Thank you, Greg. And I think what I would say there is when we think about top of the pipeline being quoting, bottom of the pipeline being orders, and then the most important metric is the velocity between those two. The our velocity remains consistent. In fact, it’s improved and we’ve seen a growing number of quoting. So I think that portends well to 2024. The other thing that I think is lost in a lot of people when we think about government funding, we’ve talked about ARPA. But when you think about personal income tax, corporate income tax and sales tax, those three funding streams have all been the beneficiary for government from inflation. So inflation for them means they get more tax receipts in. And their costs haven’t necessarily gone in parallel. And I think a lot of people don’t necessarily understand that, but I just wanted to mention that. So all things in, I think the funding environment and government remains very strong.
Ben Bollin: That’s helpful. I appreciate that. And then Jack, I was hoping you could take us through how you see K-12 developing. If you could speak to the significance of the deal sizes themselves, the nature of the project that you’re seeing, just any thoughts there would be helpful. And that’s it for me. Thank you.
Jack Molloy: So, well, K-12 is – there’s really two technologies. It’s video security and access control. And depending on the type of school district, we’ve seen an acceleration into our Alta, Avigilon Alta, which is cloud, but we’ve also got larger school districts that continue to buy Unity. But the K-12 education in general, we put the marker in that our video business is growing 15% K-12 and the EDU market is, is surpassing that growth level. It did last year, and it continues to grow through the first half of this year very robustly. And I think some of that’s the beneficiary of ARPA funding, but I think a lot of it is really much more – it’s much more secular around school security and that it’s getting prioritized over everything else.
Mahesh Saptharishi: One more thing maybe to add to that is just from a safety reimagine standpoint, we’re also integrating Rave along with Orchestrate and Rave. We now have integrations going into aware with a panic button. We also have the capacity to integrate weapons detection. We also launched weapons detection for the school’s market. So all in all, we have other headwinds come – tailwinds coming with us there to push the whole story from a school security standpoint.
Greg Brown: Good point, Mahesh.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Joseph Cardoso with J.P. Morgan. Your light is open.
Joseph Cardoso: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Just one for me. And maybe this is just kind of a broader picture question. The God embeds sort of a normal seasonality in the back half, at least relative to pre-COVID era. However, at the same time you guys are staring at a much larger backlog now, can you just walk us through the puts and takes around that why you’re not seeing better seasonal trends as we kind of go through the back half and I guess particularly just given that you’re seeing better supply headwinds – or sorry, seeing supply handlings ease more broadly, just curious whatever thoughts you have on that. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes. Joseph, just – I’m sure Jason will jump in as well, but I remind you that, you’re right. Normally, this business is typically Q3 and Q4 weighted and seasonally dense. I think that’s unchanged. But remember, we’re guiding an increase in top and bottom, even with the $80 million of Airwave deferral in the back half and another $50 million of PCR light business model change. Jason can elaborate on that. So that’s $130 million of revenue growth that needs to be incorporated into the second half guide, but still informs and allows us to raise. And on the bottom EPS line we have an incremental $0.30 tax headwind, $0.50 for the year. We had $0.20 headwind, first half $0.30 of EPS structural tax headwind back half. So as you incorporate those ingredients into the blender, it shouldn’t take away or distract at all that the demand is strong, the raise is strong and the momentum is strong.
Jason Winkler: So business model change in low end PCR we mentioned in February, we’ve gone to a model where we only recognized the margin and the revenue in the product, no longer the COGS. So it’s OE neutral, but did change the revenue line. That was a way to focus our business on higher value efforts. So that’s something…
Greg Brown: And the choice, we…
Jason Winkler: Choice we did in February and it’s working out quite well. The other thing I’d point you to is the lead times from our key semiconductor manufacturers and the commitments they give us for getting us the products and the semiconductors we need, support the increased guide and continue to represent opportunity for us as we go forward. But we get commitments from them and we plan the business and how much revenue we can unlock out of backlog based on that.
Joseph Cardoso: Yes. Got it. Thanks. Appreciate all the color there.
Greg Brown: Thank you Joseph.
Operator: Next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys and great results and impressive guide. Greg, as we look at your software and services margin sitting almost 37% this quarter. I guess the question is, is like, where can those margins go to and maybe some color on the incremental margins for every buck of business brought in? Can help us kind of clear the picture?
Greg Brown: Well, we had previously said, Keith, thanks for the question that on the full year, we thought we could achieve comparable margins. We had great S&S performance in Q2 and we thought we could have for the full year, as we told you a quarter ago, comparable maybe slightly down, but I thought we were shooting for comparable operating margins in light of the required accounting treatment on Airwave and the decrement of $80 million starting August 1. That falls obviously to SNS and the requisite profitability that Jason articulated. So I’ve now and we now expect S&S operating margins accounting for that deferral to be down on an operating margin year-over-year basis. In terms of next year, it’s too early to, to guide for that. And we have to see ultimately what’s decided with the Competition Appeal Tribunal appeal and what the disposition of Airwave is from a financial perspective. That said, we continue to make improvements on synergies and platforming S&S, maybe Mahesh could talk a little bit about that. We’re doing some successful orchestration and integration to get the software sleeves more integrated and working a little bit more seamlessly and a little bit more efficiently. So there’s opportunity, Keith, but it would be premature to quantify at this time.
Keith Housum: All right, I appreciate that.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Across our platform…
Keith Housum: I’m sorry, go ahead Mahesh.
Mahesh Saptharishi: So across our platforms whether that’s cloud or on-prem we are exercising greater synergies in terms of core technology stack. We are optimizing some of our cloud delivery capabilities and really focusing a lot on ease of install as well, so all of that translates to hopefully a good game for us.
Keith Housum: Got you. Thank you. And then coming back to the CMA ruling and the appeals process, I guess, Greg, what’s the next steps, assuming that you guys lose on appeal? Can you provide perhaps a rough timeline about how this plays out here over the next year or two?
Greg Brown: Well, in terms of the appeal, it would be our expectation that the CAT rules on the appeal by the end of Q3. I don’t really want to get into hypotheticals on if this, then, that, but we have been consistent, Keith, that said, we will exercise all legal avenues available to us. So the next step after the CAT, if the CAT rules against us would be us taking to this to the UK Court of Appeals. And that would be after the CAT ruling. I don’t know the timeline of what they would do. What happens there is they have to decide up or down whether they would actually hear the case. I don’t know the timeline that they have available to them in terms of the window to decide. So this will go on a few more months and hopefully we can give you more clarity on the next earnings call.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We’ll move next to Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Just a couple questions for me. First, obviously the backlog continues to grow. I guess, I just want to make sure is there anything that we should be mindful of a peak quarter for product just in terms of as the supply chain clears and less forward orders? Or is this just really a result of kind of strength of multi-year orders, maybe as the first question. And then as a second question, just traction on kind of bringing APX NEXT into the mid-market or just kind of adoption trends that you’re seeing there? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Our expectation for backlog and specifically product backlog is for it to remain strong through the duration of the year. That’s a function of our expectations for continued strong inbound orders, as well as the amount of backlog that we can unlock with the available componentry that we need.
Jason Winkler: And related to APX NEXT, Meta, we are now – we had a very strong quarter of new orders. In terms of Q2, we received another $80 million now bringing it close to a half of $500 million in APX NEXT. And when I look at the complexion of those orders, it’s not just big cities, but it’s starting to hit into the Tier 2 cities as well. So we’re really pleased with the performance of that product line.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Meta.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Your line is open.
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Jack, Mahesh, and Tim, good afternoon.
Greg Brown: Louie, how are you?
Louie DiPalma: Doing excellent. Thank you. As it relates to the LMR device refresh last quarter you discussed how 80% of LMR radio orders were for your older APX radio, despite how APX NEXT has had the strongest demand of any new radio that you have ever introduced and how it was introduced way back in October 19. Why are so many customers still adopting the older APX platform and does this instill confidence that the upgrade cycle for APX NEXT will still potentially be in full effect even a decade from now?
Greg Brown: So just a couple points. The first of which is think about the government’s procurement cycle, which is one to say it’s long cycle, it’s long years. We did not announce the mid-tier APX NEXT until Q3, late Q3 of 2022. So Louie, what that’s really a function of a byproduct of when it was announced, what was actually able to be quoted at that point in time. But without question, we’re seeing acceleration to the numbers, $80 million in a quarter on the new orders, the type and the striation of customers that are buying those devices. So the other piece of it, just historically speaking, having worked here long enough to see probably three pretty large scale device refreshes, it typically takes three years – three to five years post-launch to start to alleviate and move those legacy versions down and through the cycle.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And it seems that The House committee has approved a $15 billion next-generation 911 funding bill. And on this topic, what is the status of the integration of Rave Wireless with your VESTA solution? And has the adoption of Rave accelerated as a result of the combination with Motorola? Have you juiced up Rave’s ability to generate orders from the education vertical and enterprise vertical?
Mahesh Saptharishi: Absolutely. So we – as of last quarter, we are now bundling the Rave 911 suite along with our VESTA, new VESTA sales. So it comes part of that as a whole. In addition to that we have been actively working on just – Rave, remember, is an important bridge for us from enterprise security to public safety. And we’re adding more and more lanes to that bridge with every integration that we do here. The VESTA integration is definitely one of those. I mentioned the panic button integration with aware being another one. We’re integrating Rave into Orchestrate, which now ties that in with the video and access control pieces as well. So together Rave now plugs into public safety more effectively. And then Rave and aware together actually allows us to connect different instances of CAD as well. So dispatchers instances can communicate with each other as well. So as you look at the install base that we have in VESTA, as you look at the install base that we have in schools, K-12 schools with video and access control, we’re leveraging all of that by bringing that together as this bridge between public safety and enterprise security gets wider.
Louie DiPalma: Great. Thanks, Mahesh. And lastly for me, do you have any thoughts on the reported TETRA cybersecurity vulnerabilities?
Mahesh Saptharishi: Sure. So I think the first thing is Etsy is the primary spokesman in custodian for the TETRA standard in conjunction with the critical communications authority in Europe. What was reported, I think the first thing I’d like to point out is what was reported is there was no weaknesses found in the public safety algorithms. There’s three algorithms. Tier 1, TEA1 is actually for general use. It’s a little bit more open due to export control issues. But there’s been no exploitation of operational networks that we know of. And essentially subsequent to those findings, which we knew about even into late last year there’s been software patches and then upgrades to the algorithms that have been done subsequent to that. So this was actually paid, this was a research tank done out of the Netherlands who actually did the testing. So yes, something we knew about we had a – the primary weakness was in general use, and I think it’s been remediated since then.
Louie DiPalma: Great. So it’s been resolved already. Thanks.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Yes. In our view, yes. Thanks, Louie.
Louie DiPalma: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Thanks, everybody. Thanks for joining us, but just in closing, I want to make sure I thank all the employees and the people in Motorola Solutions worldwide and all of our channel partners worldwide. I’m proud of you and we’re proud of you, most especially what you do, how you do it, and the execution. I said in the call, you heard from Jason and Mahesh and Jack, this business is performing as well as I’ve ever seen it. Demand is strong. It’s strong for what we do, public safety, enterprise security. And I like what we’re doing to meet that demand and exceed that demand with the execution of what we do and what we’re doing on the portfolio reinvention and device refresh. We talk a lot about APX NEXT and all the great work done there, but there’s also great work being done on video security and access control that Mahesh is doing around 911 command center. And while we’re doing that and running the business and lowering PPV costs and incrementally improving supply chain and engineering in real time doing product redesign, we’re expanding gross margins, we’re expanding operating margins. We have a record Q2 for orders. We end Q2 with record backlog. We talked about the duration of backlog being stronger. And Jack talked about the pipeline activity and the order velocity and conversion. It’s excellent. And Jason talked about that we expect backlog to be strong for the balance of the remainder of the year. The last two things I’d say is we referenced it a little bit, we just talked about Rave. I’m really proud of the acquisitions we’ve made, the integration work that’s been done organizationally and strategically, but also technically. And those acquisitions are performing at or above what we expected. We have – I love the upgrade. We just got, we have a strong balance sheet. We continue to be disciplined in capital allocation, and I think we have an excellent opportunity in front of us. I appreciate you joining us, and we’ll talk to you again in a few months. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the internet within three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutionscom/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2023 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we referenced non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today’s earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2022 annual report on Form 10-K or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thank you everybody for joining us today. First, let me start by just saying that Q1 was an exceptional start to the year. We achieved revenue and earnings per share above our guidance with revenue up 15% and earnings per share up 31% versus the prior year. We expanded operating margins by 470 basis points, and we had record Q1 orders, which led to record Q1 ending backlog of $14.1 billion, up 5% versus last year, inclusive of $372 million of unfavorable FX. Second, our outstanding Q1 performance was broad-based, with strong double-digit revenue growth in both segments, all three technologies and in both regions North America and international. Additionally, public safety and enterprise security remains more important than ever, which is driving demand for both our public safety and enterprise customers. And finally, based on our strong start to the year and continued robust demand, we’re raising both our revenue and earnings guidance for the full year. I’ll turn the call over to Jason to take you through results and outlook and then be back and return for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 15% and was above our guidance with double-digit growth in both segments, both regions and in all three technologies. FX headwinds during the quarter were $45 million, while acquisitions added $42 million. GAAP operating earnings were $399 million or 18.4% of sales, up from 12.6% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $532 million, up 42% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margin was 24.5%, up 470 basis points. This strong year-over-year increase in both GAAP and non-GAAP operating earnings was driven by higher sales, lower direct material costs, inclusive of lower broker spend in attaining semiconductors and improved operating leverage. GAAP earnings per share was $1.61 compared to $1.54 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share, was $2.22, up 31% from $1.70 last year. The strong growth in earnings per share was driven by higher sales and margins, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate in the current year. OpEx in Q1 was $530 million, up $38 million versus last year, primarily due to acquisitions and higher incentives in the current year. Turning to cash flow. Q1 operating cash flow was a usage of $8 million and free cash flow was a usage of $62 million. The cash flow in Q1 was in line with our expectations and included a onetime cash tax payment of $70 million related to an IP reorganization we completed last year. It also reflects our strategic decision to carry higher inventories. For the full year, we continue to expect operating cash flow to be approximately $1.9 billion, with greater contributions in the second half, consistent with the shape of last year’s cash flow. The capital allocation for Q1 included $148 million in cash dividends, $140 million in share repurchases and $54 million of CapEx. Moving to our segment results, in the Products and SI segment, sales were up 18% versus last year, driven by improved supply availability in the current year and the benefit from pricing actions flowing through. Currency headwinds were $19 million and revenue from acquisitions in the quarter added $12 million. Operating earnings were $246 million or 18.9% of sales, up from 8.7% in the prior year, driven by higher sales, lower material costs, inclusive of lower broker spend and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q1’s achievements in this segment include a $27 million countywide P25 system for Johnson County, Missouri, a $20 million P25 device order for a U.S. state and local customer, a $17 million P25 system for Wakulla County, Florida, a $16 million fixed video contract for a large health care system and a $15 million Apex and Apex Next devices order for the Kansas Highway Patrol. In Software and Services, revenue was up 10%, including 19% growth in Command Center and 20% growth in video. Revenue from acquisitions was $30 million in the quarter, and FX headwinds were $26 million. Operating earnings in the segment were $286 million, up 3% versus last year and operating margins were 32.9%, down from 35.2% last year on mix, higher costs from acquisitions and FX. For the full year, we expect operating margins in this segment to be comparable to last year to slightly down, driven by higher costs from acquisitions, primarily rate. Some notable Q1 highlights in this segment include a $340 million federal IDIQ award to combine existing services and provide new LMR services to the U.S. Air Force, which has long been an important customer of ours. Given the nature of this 10-year agreement, we recorded only $11 million of backlog in the first quarter and expect backlog to be recorded ratably over time for the remainder of the contract. Additionally, we expect new services included it to contribute an incremental $60 million of revenue over the 10-year period when compared to the previous service agreements. We also received a $21 million multiyear support services extension for Portugal’s nationwide Catcher system, a $10 million LMR services agreement with a federal agency and a $9 million fixed video services contract renewal with the City of Chicago. Looking at regional results. North America Q1 revenue was $1.5 billion, up 14% on strong growth in all three technologies. International Q1 revenue was $679 million, up 16% versus last year with growth in all three technologies, partially offset by unfavorable FX. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a Q1 record of $14.1 billion, up 5% or $623 million versus last year, inclusive of $372 million of unfavorable FX. These results were driven by strong demand across all three technologies. Sequentially, backlog was down $280 million, driven primarily by typical order seasonality in North America. In the Products and SI segment, ending backlog was up $601 million or 15% driven primarily by strong LMR demand. Sequentially, backlog was down $186 million due to North America orders seasonality following a record backlog in Q4. In Software and Services, backlog was up $22 million compared to last year, driven by strong demand for multiyear software and services contracts in North America, partially offset by the revenue recognition for Airwave along with $329 million of unfavorable FX and the adjustment related to the exit of ESN contract that we announced last year. Sequentially, backlog was down $94 million, driven primarily by revenue recognition for Airwave. Turning now to our outlook. We expect Q2 sales to be up 10% to 11% with non-GAAP earnings per share between $2.49 and $2.54 per share. This assumes a weighted average share count of approximately 173 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 24%. For the full year, we are increasing both our revenue and EPS guidance. We now expect revenue in the range of $9.725 billion to $9.775 billion, up from our prior range of $9.65 billion to $9.7 billion and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share between $11.21 and $11.29, up from our prior guidance of $11.10 and $11.22 per share. This full year outlook assumes $25 million of FX headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of 23% to 24%. As I mentioned on the last call, the increase from our 20.1% tax rate last year is due to lower tax benefits on share comp and a higher UK tax rate in the current year, both of which combined represent an approximately $0.50 headwind in our full year earnings per share guide. The increased outlook for the full year is a reflection of the continued strength of our business and demand for our solutions. The revenue guidance reflects expectations for strong double-digit growth in the first half as well as continued growth in the second half of the year, which comes on top of the 15% growth we saw in the second half of last year. I’ll now turn the call back to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. Let me just end with a few thoughts. First and foremost, our business remains very strong. We had record Q1 orders and achieved revenue above our expectations. We expanded operating margins by 470 basis points. We ended the quarter with our highest Q1 ending backlog ever, and our public safety and enterprise customers are continuing to prioritize our solutions to help communities safe, which is driving our increased top and bottom line guidance for the full year. Second, I want to highlight two recent announcements in our Video Security business. First, we made the decision to integrate our end-to-end fixed video portfolio, consolidating the majority of our fixed video solutions under two platforms: Avigilon Alta and Avigilon Unity. Alta is our cloud-native security suite, consolidating Openpath, and Ava Security, while Unity is our on-prem security suite, consolidating Avigilon and Indigo vision. This help streamline our go-to-market channels and further reinforces our vertical focus, particularly in government, but also education and healthcare, which combine those three now represent half of our video security revenues. Additionally, in our mobile video business, we launched our new V700-body-worn camera. The V700 is our first body-worn camera to provide broadband connectivity that facilitates integration with our market-leading in-car video solution, our Apex radios and our command center software, including live video streaming and location tracking through our aware product. And finally, our strong start to the year underlines the strength and resiliency of our business. The demand for our products and solutions that keep communities safe remains exceptionally strong. Our continued focus on cost management and inventory optimization, coupled with our previous modest pricing actions that we took earlier continues to drive margin expansion and our strong balance sheet and durable cash flows allow us to be opportunistic with the deployment of capital going forward to create long-term shareholder value. And with that, I’ll now turn it over to Tim and open it up for your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Yes, two, if I could here. First, just looking at the second half, I know, Jason, you mentioned tough comps, but hoping you could just give a little commentary around moving parts given those pricing benefits and pretty healthy backlog still. So what are the moving parts in that second half? And then second, more specifically on video, Greg or Jack, if you could talk a little bit about, it was good to see above the full year growth rate in Q1. Could you talk a little bit about where we are with cross-sell opportunities and also opportunities in video from NDAA and RPS safe schools and things like that? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Sure, Tim. So on the second half, so you’ll recall that last year in the second half is when the pricing actions that we implemented really began to show up in the P&L, and those really helped last year’s growth and profitability expansion in the second half. So our position today, as we look at those 15% comps is that we’re still in a supply-constrained environment. We have lead times from our suppliers. We have expectations to grow and with opportunities ahead of us for the second half with the continued demand that we have. Where the pricing actions benefited us particularly in Q1 and expect similar for Q2 is last year’s comps in the first half did not include those same pricing actions. So as we start to enter July, we’re anniversary-ing those pricing actions and still expect growth on top of those.
Jack Molloy: And Tim, specific to cross-sell, what I would do is highlight four specific verticals, starting with government. As we have attested to before, Government was a nascent business when we acquired Avigilon, we made subsequent acquisitions. But just to put it in context, we’ve kind of put the marker out there this year for a video security business that we would grow approximately 15%. We expect government to grow in the high teens. And we think we’ve got opportunities to move that. Specifically, I’d also call out healthcare, we’re really, really pleased. We won – we secured a $16 million deal with the large-scale hospital system. This was an add-on. And the beauty of that is they’re not only a video user, but they’re also a radio user. Education has been we’ve attested to the fact that numerous school systems are upgrading. Some are going with Avigilon Unity on prime systems, large-scale urban schools. But what we’re really seeing is acceleration of growth in the cloud there and the ability to do radio alert and integrate access control, LMR, our command center software product called Compass into school systems is a game changer. And then lastly is the industrial space, namely utilities. We’ve talked about the fact we’ve secured a large-scale utility in the past. We’ve done in the area of $50 million of utility. And I think as utilities start to fortify their power grids and their substations will have incremental cross-sell opportunities there, Tim. But I think the highlight is we tie it all into making sure that we incent our sales force to go and cross-sell, and that’s just part of the DNA now.
Tim Long: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess I think you guys mentioned ARPA in the last question or maybe Tim did, but what are your expectations for the ARPA benefit this year? I know that you’ve got about $400 million in orders from ARPA related projects last year, I would imagine some of that converted to revenue last year. But what do you think that might look like for 2023? Any sense? Thanks.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So George, I would say ARPA, anytime there’s federal stimulus dollars are conducive, and I would say, beneficial to the business. But to kind of put it in context, it’s approximately 5% of our orders in North America last year. And that’s not to diminish it, but I would take it to a higher level. I’ve actually gone and looked in Salesforce. It’s – they’ve contributed to deals that were secured, but they for the sole purpose of deals that were secured. I think at the end of the day, when you think about mission-critical communications or even a school, we think we’re in an area of prioritization in areas as we’ve said before, it’s a need to have, not a nice to have. So I think it’s generally conducive, but it’s – I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s the largest attributor to our success.
George Notter: Got it. Great. And then just as a quick follow-on. I think the question everyone’s been asking is on supply chain, many companies, I think, are going through inventory corrections now. I mean any sense that your customers have been inventoring products or is there any risk of supply chain corrections or inventory corrections for you guys as you look forward? Thanks.
Greg Brown: The demand from our customers remains very strong. Our backlog position is at a record level. And that includes backlog that customers are having to wait a bit longer than they’d like and we’re working through those delays in getting them products. With the results in Q1, we were able to attain a little bit better supply. We had a good quarter across LMR, Public Safety, had a good quarter with PCR. So we’re getting after this backlog position and fulfilling the customers demands, both the demand they placed on us in backlog is also the demand they place on us within the quarter. So – and our inventory position, if I shift to our balance sheet, has helped us mitigate a choppy supply environment, and we continue to be mindful of inventory and its utility in serving what remains a challenging supply environment. It’s been a helpful tool. And we do have expectations for inventory to reduce in the second half. That’s in our cash flow expectations, but it remains an important tool to navigate this environment.
George Notter: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. And maybe just a question on the APX NEXT, you had mentioned that being targeted towards the high end and then introducing kind of the mid-tier product. I just wanted to get a sense of adoption trends of the various pieces of the portfolio and were they kind of following the customer adoption types that you expected? And then just maybe an update on Rave integration would be helpful. Thanks.
Jack Molloy: Sure, Meta. Maybe I will start with the APX NEXT, and Mahesh will speak to Rave. First of all, we are in the early innings, as we have said before. And I think it’s most important to point out that it’s a multiyear introduction for the APX NEXT. What typically happens is we have – we run the APX original and the APX NEXT line in tandem for the foreseeable future. In fact, to point that out 80% in Q1 of our device revenue was actually APX original. So, we have got a coexist and strong pipeline for both of them. We have got $410 million orders since we introduced the APX NEXT. But we have just recently, last fall, introduced the N-Series radio, which starts to fill in the portfolio and now we are bringing out international P25 units to bear that will be targeted in Australia, New Zealand and Israel. All-in, with the new product, what we are seeing is kind of high-single digit ASP increases as well.
Mahesh Saptharishi: And I would also mention other parts of the portfolio, TETRA, PCR are areas where we have focused and have exciting products coming to market and receptive customers to those as well. So, we are at an important point in the targeted investments we made in and through COVID that are now producing those exciting products are also an important part of our growth drivers.
Greg Brown: And on Rave, Rave has exceeded our initial expectations for performance. We see strong traction in education, especially higher ed, but also K-12. And as we previously talked about, Rave bridges enterprise security with public safety and with some of the initiatives that we have undertaken recently, we are making the bridge wider effectively allowing for more data and at a faster rate to go from enterprise security to public safety. So, two specific examples worth mentioning there, first, with every one of our new VESTA 911 orders, we are actually bundling Rave 911 suite. And what that includes is two-way texting, caller profile. This is information about individuals who perhaps need special assistance, facility info, which is blueprints a facility so that responders can respond with greater information as to what to see – what they will see when they get to the facility and very importantly, caller location. And that is going to be part of our Rave VESTA 911 offer going forward. The second is we are integrating more closely with our enterprise security solution. So, Orchestrate is a key enabler for that. And as part of our full Safety Reimagined program, we are bringing Rave much closer in terms of the ability to detect and the ability to alert using Rave alert and the ability to bridge into 911 as appropriate. So, those two together is really augmenting our path forward in terms of taking advantage of our strength in education, along with our presence with PSAPs.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Sami Badri: Alright. Thank you. I had a couple of questions, some of the modeling, some of the business dynamics. I will start with business dynamics first. So, one on the backlog, so there obviously are a lot of big deals. And maybe you could give us a characterization of how many of these bigger deals are expected? And then maybe taking that question a step further is if we excluded FX impact and excluded big episodic activity, are you still seeing the backlog step up, right, with more of these – your standard business motion? And then I have a follow-up.
Jack Molloy: Sami, I think I would address your inquiry. We have seen strong demand not only big deals, but also the usual type and profile of our business. And I would point to duration. While our backlog is up and at record levels, the duration of our backlog is similar to slightly better than it was last year and it was last quarter. So, not only are we growing backlog, the opportunities we have to convert that backlog within the year are slightly better. So, that’s one of the reasons that, again, with our expectations going up for the year, it’s driven by that backlog position.
Greg Brown: And backlog is up in the unfavorable FX to your other point of $370 million. By the way, the other thing, Sami, is even when we have a large product, much like the Air Force we talked about earlier on the call, it’s a $340 million 10-year order, only $11 million of that is logged in backlog. So, I like the composition and the duration of the backlog in addition to it being absolute and at record levels as we exit Q1.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for that. Also, Greg, Jason, if you guys could give us any kind of idea on all video revenue growth targets for 2023. And also, we appreciate the new breakout of the Avigilon segment.
Jason Winkler: So, our expectations for total video remain approximately 15%. That’s consistent with our last call. And as Jack mentioned, that growth will be even better in some of our power verticals, which represent over half of the composition of the revenue. So, video is performing to our expectations. And then Sami, to your observation of Greg’s comments around our portfolio around Alta and Unity, that’s a market-facing change that we will represent the brands and Jack’s sales team is positioned to sell video. We are in a great position to sell it either in an on-prem version, which is the way most customers buy today, but also in a cloud version. And as markets move, we are positioned extremely well.
Jack Molloy: Yes. I think a great example. I got a phone call yesterday, Sami, on that specific to a large-scale metropolitan school district. They had three finalists, two of the finalists were Avigilon Alta and Avigilon Unity. And I think that’s the power that we can meet a customer for their specific needs that no one else in the marketplace has today.
Sami Badri: Great. Thank you very much.
Jack Molloy: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Sure. Thank you. Look, I would just say in closing, it was a great Q1, and I think it highlights the fact that what we do has never been more important. Both the demand environment and execution is strong. I am really proud of the people. I am really proud of our channel partners that achieved record Q1 orders, record Q1 backlog. Look, at the end of the day, as we exit Q1, I like our position. More importantly, I like our momentum. And then, again, this is despite the ongoing supply chain challenges that still have to sort of sell-through for the next several quarters. The fact is the intersection, as Mahesh talked about, of public safety and enterprise security, it’s critical. And we are building a safety and security technology ecosystem that connects public safety with private institutions, as you heard Jack reference in those key verticals. I couldn’t be more proud of this team. And I am optimistic and enthusiastic about the opportunity in front of us. I appreciate you joining, and I look forward to connecting up with you a quarter from now.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet within two hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within two hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice-President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2022 fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman, and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President, and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results, along with commentary and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and the outlook. First, our record Q4 results highlight the continued robust demand we're seeing for our public safety and enterprise security solutions. During the quarter we grew revenue 17%, earnings per share of 26%, expanded operating margins by 150 basis points, and generated a record $1.3 billion of operating cash flow. Additionally, orders remained strong, which led to record ending backlog of $14.3 billion, up $800 million versus last year. Second, 2022 was an outstanding year across the board. In our Products and Systems Integration segment, we grew revenue 14% driven by strong growth in both LMR and video security and we ended the year with record backlog, up 22% versus last year. We also expanded operating margins in the segment by 110 basis points despite higher costs related to semiconductors. In Software and Services, revenue was up 8% and 12% when normalized for FX headwinds, highlighted by double-digit growth in both video security and Command Center. And finally, as I look to 2023 [Technical Difficulty] positions us well for another year of strong revenue and earnings growth. I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 17% with record fourth quarter revenue in both segments and in all three technologies. Revenue exceeded our guidance and was driven by supply chain execution during the quarter, enabling higher product revenues in LMR. FX headwinds during the quarter were $87 million, while acquisitions added $39 million. GAAP operating earnings were $692 million, up 26% versus last year and GAAP operating margins were 25.6% compared with 23.7% in the prior year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $822 million [Technical Difficulty] GAAP operating margin was 30.4%, up from 28.9%. This was Motorola Solutions' first ever quarter of over 30% operating margin and was driven by the higher sales in both segments and the improved operating leverage, particularly in the Products and SI segment. GAAP earnings per share was $3.43, up from $2.30 in the year-ago quarter on higher sales and on a lower effective tax rate driven primarily by a $47 million or $0.27 per share tax benefit from the release of a valuation allowance against U.S. foreign tax credits. Non-GAAP EPS was $3.60, up 26% from $2.85 last year, driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage. OpEx in Q4 was $541 million, up $21 million versus last year, primarily due to acquisitions and higher incentives. For the full-year 2022, revenue was $9.1 billion, up 12% with strong growth in both segments and across all three technologies. The impact from unfavorable currency was $216 million and revenue from acquisitions was $121 million. GAAP operating earnings were $1.7 billion or 18.2% of sales versus 20.4% in the year prior. The decrease was primarily driven by the $147 million non-cash fixed asset impairment recognized in the current year related to our exit of ESN. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $2.4 billion, up $251 million and non-GAAP operating margins were 26% of sales, up from 25.9% in the year prior, driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage, partially offset by higher material costs, and higher expenses from acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share was $7.93, up 11% compared to the $7.17 in the year prior, driven by higher sales, a lower effective tax rate and partially offset by the asset impairment charge related to the ESN exit and higher material costs. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $10.36, up 13% from $9.15 in 2021 on higher sales, improved -- and improved operating leverage, partially offset by higher material costs. For the full year, our operating expenses were $2.1 billion, up $107 million from 2021, primarily driven by acquisitions and investments into our video business. And the effective tax rate for 2022 was 20% compared to 21% in the year prior, due to higher benefits from stock based compensation in the current year. Turning next to cash flow. Q4 operating cash flow was a record $1.3 billion, up $570 million compared with the prior year, and free-cash-flow was $1.2 billion, up $565 million from 2021. Our record cash-flow performance during the quarter was driven by improved working capital and higher earnings. And for the full year, operating cash flow was $1.8 billion with free cash flow of $1.6 billion, consistent with the prior year. Higher earnings in 2022 were offset by the cash payments related to the increase in annual incentive payments earned in 2021 and higher inventory. Capital allocation for 2022 included $1.2 billion for acquisitions, $836 million in share repurchases at an average price of $225 per share, and $530 million in cash dividends. Additionally, during the year we issued $600 million of new long-term debt and repaid $275 million of outstanding debt. We also increased our dividend to 11%, our 12th consecutive year of double-digit increases. Moving next to our segment results. In Products and SI, strong demand continued with Q4 sales up 21%, including record revenue in both LMR and video. The currency headwinds were $43 million and revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $20 million. Operating earnings in Q4 were $514 million or 28.4% of sales, up from 25.3% in the year prior, driven primarily by higher sales and operating leverage, partially offset by higher material costs. Some notable Q4 wins and achievements in this segment include several large APX NEXT device orders, including $45 million from the City of Houston, $39 million from a large U.S. customer, $30 million from the City of Dallas, and a $21 million add-on order from a large U.S. customer that previously purchased APX NEXT devices. Additionally, during the quarter, we received a $20 million APX NEXT and Command Center order from Kansas City, a $19 million P25 System order for a large international customer, and a $3 million fixed order for metro rail in Chicago. For the full year, Products and SI revenue was $5.7 billion, up 14% from the prior year, driven by higher sales of LMR and Video. Revenue from acquisitions was $53 million and currency headwinds were $98 million. Full-year operating earnings were $1.2 billion or 20.5% of sales, up from 19.4% in the year prior on higher sales and improved operating leverage, partially offset by higher material costs. In Software and Services, Q4 revenue was 9% -- up 9%, which included $44 million of FX headwinds, and $19 million of revenue from acquisitions. Total software revenue was up 17% with double-digit growth in both video and Command Center, while in LMR Services revenue was up 5% after a $39 million FX headwind. Q4 operating earnings in the segment were $308 million or 34.4% of sales, down 100 basis points from last year, driven by unfavorable mix and higher acquisition expenses. Some notable Q4 highlights in this segment include a $56 million P25 multi-year extension of the managed services operations at Interexport which serves the Chilean National Law Enforcement Police; a $25 million P25 software upgrade renewal for a large U.S. customer; $22 million next generation 911 expansion, and renewal order for the Greater Harris County, Texas area; $21 million system upgrade in multiyear services renewal for Lane County Oregon; a $15 million P25 and command center upgrade order for Columbus, Georgia; and a $15 million license plate recognition camera system expansion order from the Illinois State Police. For the full year, revenue was $3.4 billion, up 8% on growth in video LMR services and command center. Revenue from acquisitions was $68 million and currency headwinds were $118 million. Full-year operating earnings were $1.2 billion or 35.3% of sales, down 110 basis points versus the prior year, driven by mix and higher acquisition expenses. Looking at our regional results. North America in Q4 revenue was $1.9 billion, up 18% on strong growth in both segments and in all three technologies. For the full year, North America revenue was $6.4 billion, up 15% with double-digit growth in both segments and in all three technologies. International Q4 revenue was $808 million, up 15% versus last year with growth in all three technologies. And for the full-year, International revenue was $2.7 billion, up 5% inclusive of the significant FX headwinds. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a record $14.3 billion, up $788 million or 6% compared to last year, inclusive of $418 million of unfavorable FX and a $99 million reduction related to the exit of the ESN contract. The backlog growth was driven by the continued record demand we're seeing across all three technologies. Sequentially, backlog was up $837 million, despite the record Q4 sales with growth in both segments. In the Products and SI segment, robust order demand in both LMR and video continues to drive record backlog, which was up $894 million or 22% compared to last year. Sequentially, Products and SI backlog was up $68 million. This was our 10th consecutive quarter of sequential backlog growth in this segment. In Software and Services, backlog was down $106 million compared to last year, which included $367 million of unfavorable FX, driven by Airwave and ESN revenue recognition and the ESN exit, partially offset by strong growth in North America multi-year services, and software contracts. Sequentially, Software and Services backlog was up $769 million or 9% driven by strong orders in North America and favorable FX adjustment from the prior quarter. Turning now to our outlook. We expect Q1 sales to be up between 12% and 13%, with non-GAAP earnings per share between $2.02 and $2.07 per share. This assumes $40 million of FX headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately $172 million shares, and an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. For the full year, we expect sales between $9.65 billion and $9.7 billion and non-GAAP earnings per share between $11.10 and $11.22 per share. This assumes $40 million of FX headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately $172 million shares and an effective tax rate between 23% and 24%. We expect full-year OpEx to be up approximately $150 million versus last year, driven by acquisitions we've made, and our continued investments in video. And we expect full year operating cash flow of approximately $1.9 billion. And finally, the reason our effective tax rate is expected to be up 300 basis points to 400 basis points over last year is due to lower excess tax benefits on share-based compensation in 2023 and a higher U.K. tax rate that takes effect in April. We're also anticipating approximately $300 million of higher cash taxes compared to last year, inclusive of a one-time $75 million tax payment that relates to an IP reorganization we did in 2022. Before I turn the call back to Greg, I wanted to update you on some strategic decisions we've made with respect to our PCR business. First, in order to further optimize our supply chain, we have moved the lowest part of PCR, which is sold to small businesses and some consumers to a licensed model with a third-party manufacturer. As a result of this change, we will only recognize revenues equal to the margin from the product. In addition, we made a decision to exit some PCR markets in Asia. We expect these changes together to constitute an $80 million headwinds to our 2022 -- 2023 revenues, which is fully contemplated in our full-year revenue guidance for 2023. And finally, we enter the New Year with an even stronger balance sheet. We ended 2022 with $1.3 billion of cash and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of less than 2 times. In addition, our U.S. pension is in a strong funding position with over 80% funded reflecting the numerous actions we've implemented over the last several years. We have also proactively refinanced our debt maturities with fixed-rate long-term debt and established a balanced maturity profile with an average duration of approximately eight years. All of this gives us the flexibility to continue to deliver on our capital allocation framework and be opportunistic in M&A. I'll now turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. First, 2022 was a phenomenal year for the company. We achieved double-digit revenue growth for the second consecutive year with record sales in both segments and all three technologies. We expanded operating margins despite the continued supply challenges related to semiconductors and we ended the year with a record $14.3 billion of backlog, up almost $800 million versus the prior year. Second, our acquisition of Rave Mobile Safety during Q4 was our seventh acquisition last year. Rave adds approximately $70 million of annual recurring revenue for 2023 and expands the company's addressable market by approximately $7 billion. Whether it's a student or a teacher alerting public safety with the push of a button or 911 call takers coordinating a more informed response, Rave Mobile Safety amplifies the connection between our video security and Command Center portfolios. Since 2015, we've invested almost $6 billion in acquiring companies that have helped us create a broad set of public safety and enterprise security solutions. These assets have helped to accelerate our revenue growth, diversify the composition of our revenue streams, and more than quadrupled our addressable market to what we now estimate to be $60 billion. And finally, as I look ahead, the momentum of our business remains strong. The funding environment for public safety and enterprise security remains exceptional. Our investments in APX NEXT device portfolio are driving a refresh cycle that is still in the very early days with less than 10% of customers' installed base upgraded to date. Our AI and Cloud solutions continue to help drive market-share gains in video security and command center software, and will continue to navigate the ongoing supply-chain challenges, I'm extremely pleased with how we're positioned as we enter this year and I expect it to be another year of strong revenue and earnings growth for the company. And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tim, and we'll take your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: Yes, sir. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will come from Tim Long with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Greg, maybe could you just give us a little sense of the backdrop, it sounds like obviously backlog was pretty strong, but talk a little bit about kind of federal ARPA and other revenue sources? How is that starting to flow through? How are your customers taking advantage of that and what do you think that means to visibility over the next few years? And then Jason, for you on the clarification, just talk a little bit about gross margins. Maybe walk us through the next year at some point we should be getting some bounce-back from components and logistics and maybe just touch on price increases that we've seen and how that would flow through the model and hit the gross margins next year? Thank you.
Jack Molloy: So, this is Jack. I'll take the first question. I think it was regarding the federal funding, but really good news. So we had over $400 million of orders in 2022. But I think most importantly, the $350 billion that was allocated state and local is a multiyear funding phenomenon. So we look at our multiyear funnel out through 2026 at being north of $1 billion. Some of the deals that Jason cited were funded in part or in -- completely funded by ARPA dollar. So we've had good success. Our team is really -- our sales team in North America traditionally really understands funding models and I think they're working it well, and we've seen good results.
Jason Winkler: And Tim, I'll also remind you that the ARPU funding, $350 billion for state and local, $170 billion earmarked for education, but most importantly, it's multiyear funding and much of this will go into and through 2026. So, the foundation of funding and the strong environment Jack described, we capitalized in 2022 as he talked about the robustness of the funnel this year. But the best part of all is, it's multiyear dimension in nature.
Greg Brown: And Tim, I'll take the second part of your question. So as you recall, as we navigated through 2022 and having to secure parts from brokers, that year 2022 last year, we incurred about $165 million of higher costs for semiconductors in 2022 than 2021, that was a headwind for us. We -- we're able to get access to some parts in Q4. That's in part what helped our Q4 performance. So as we plan for 2023 now, we anticipate still needing to run the play of buying broker parts, it's still remains a difficult environment, particularly for automotive-grade semiconductors, but we do believe and are planning for about a $50 million tailwind in the total amount of dollars that we will allocate and spend to secure parts as for the plans we have in 2023. So $50 million tailwind in 2023 relative to 2022's cost profile.
Jason Winkler: And Tim, from a gross margin perspective overall for MSI, we expect gross margins to be up in 2023. We also expect operating margins to be up in 2023.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from George Notter with Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. It sort of feels like somebody forgot to tell you guys that we're in a recessionary environment. The business seems to be cranking on all cylinders here. Greg, anything you worry about in terms of a recessionary environment at all? I mean, I get it the ARPA funds are kind of backfilling maybe for any softness that you could see out over the horizon. But any thoughts about tax receipts, whether its property tax or income tax receipts ultimately slowing down a year or two from now impacting the business?
Greg Brown: George, the answer is, no, to be candid with you. The environment is strong, the funding environment, as we talked about is exceptional, 75% of our business, as you know, as government and public safety, 25% is enterprise. We still see continued strength. This year we expect growth in all three technologies LMR to be mid-single digits, video security to be about 15%, command center to be about 20%. So -- and there was an article in the journal last weekend, the state budgets are as flush as they had been in several years. We talked already about the multiyear funding horizon for ARPA. Now, nobody is immune from a recession. We've always been diligent in managing the expense structure of the firm. The majority of the driver of higher OpEx for this company year on year and period on period is generally acquisitions. So, I think we have a great portfolio, a fantastic environment, strong demand, and we are acutely focused on continued execution, new product development, acquisition integration, and growing faster than the market versus our competitors. So, now I -- look, sometimes they worried that I'm not worried, okay? But the team is aligned and we feel really good about where we are. Appreciate the question.
Jason Winkler: Also Greg...
George Notter: And then just one quick follow-up, if I could. Any -- what kind of impact are you getting in the business, from higher pricing, just thinking about the growth rate as we look out to 2023?
Greg Brown: So, I would say the growth that we had last year, full-year was driven by both volume and price increase. I'd weight it a little bit more toward volume last year. That composition that drives our growth rate overall for this year is also volume and price. And I would weight it slightly towards volume again this year. We've exercised surgically and responsibly certain price increases that we've talked about a number of times last year. So, I think we're well-positioned going forward.
George Notter: Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Greg, the other thing that I’d offer insights into are our PCR business which in 2022 grew nicely. It's now back to 2019 levels. And a part of our backlog or unfulfilled orders for us or delays are in PCR. So we have a sizable amount of PCR backlog and demand, which we will continue to fulfill into 2023.
Greg Brown: And it's a great point, Jason because despite the fact that we had a great PCR Q4, really strong growth for the full year to Jason's point back to 2019 pre-pandemic levels. And he referenced an $80 million PC-oriented headwind, which represents a business model change even with those -- all those ingredients into the blender, we still are expecting PCR growth for 2023.
George Notter: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to start with the question, Greg. If there was any potential updates that we could give our guardrails on the potential outcomes for Airwave at this point? We understand, obviously, you've got some tailwinds to the model from managing costs and supply chain. The potential headwind looming is what could happen with Airwave. So just want to make sure that we're netting those things out and any guardrails you can give us on where that could potentially shape out?
Greg Brown: So what I'd say is, I'd remind you that CMA their stated intention is to make a final decision this month, maybe it's next month, but it's relatively soon. We remain unchanged in our finding and belief that with full conviction that their effort is disproportionate, it's unprecedented, it's overreaching. So our view on that is unchanged. Now recall the investigation -- the market investigation is grounded around Airwave and ESN. What I can update you on is that, we have successfully signed a contract with the UK Home Office to exit ESN. I think it was a good multi-month effort where both of us are satisfied, that will result, Adam, in us exiting ESN earlier than anticipated. We are doing a transition services agreement in 2023, but then effectively after 2023 we are out of ESN. So, I think that is an update that's worthy of sharing because a quarter ago we talked about our intention to do that, but that was before we actually codified and signed the agreement. Now having said all that, I think, look, as we guide the full-year we guide the full-year with the $80 million business model change around PCR. We guide the year both top and bottom with continued supply constraints and I think it's important to know that, because there's a lot of reports that supply chain is a lot better but for the businesses that we're in and we compete primarily with industrial providers or automotive for the semiconductors that we're contending for, it's not that changed, lead times actually are largely unchanged. So that informs our guidance as well and as we sit here, on February 9th, we think all-in, it's a prudent and balanced view of the year all things considered.
Adam Tindle: All right. And maybe just a follow-up on Rave. Obviously, spending over $0.5 billion, I'm sure there was a lot that went into that decision. Greg, I'd love for you to maybe just talk about the expected ROI in any financial metrics. Sorry, if I missed any that you could provide related to that acquisition to justify that level of capital allocation? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yeah, so we are very excited about the asset. And the important thing, Adam, is it's an asset that's worth more to us than anyone else. So when you think about the capital deployed against the backdrop of an addressable market that expands $7 billion and all ARR, annual recurring revenue with a run rate of $70 million that we like those attributes, their verticals. 80% of the business is profiled around state and local and education, which that too is absolutely in the sweet spot of what we do and how Molloy goes to market. So the asset we're excited about, I think it's worth and we think it's worth more to us than anyone else and we've done an extensive view of the industry as well and we're excited about what it means.
Jason Winkler: A few more things to add on this. Greg already mentioned the vertical alignment that we have here, state and local government, education, which is significant for us, healthcare and corporate buildings. All of these are key areas where Rave plays a very important part. In Rave very critically as we mentioned before, connects enterprise security with public safety in some very unique ways and augments both sides of the portfolio. Probably three areas, technology areas that I want to highlight. The first is Rave enhances individual safety with mobile apps. So think about that as the Rave prepared capability where people with special needs can actually create a profile and offer information ahead of potentially something happening so that the response can actually be more effective. The second is the panic button. The ability to push a button and get help as needed, benefiting from what profile was created previously as needed as well. Rave Alert, which is a mass notification capability to keep people informed. So think about that as everything that covers people -- people's in safety, individual safety. The second area is facility preparedness. So think about the Rave facility capability where information about a facility can better inform a public safety response, including keeping responders safe and that's a very critical capability. Rave Collaborates help set up standard operating procedures of how someone should respond for various incidents ahead of when an incident actually happens. This very uniquely enables us to coordinate the ability that we have on the video security side and the command center side to make sure that the standard operating procedure along with the automation that sits behind it can orchestrate a very successful and capable response. And lastly, the third area is that it accelerates response as a whole. The Rave 911 suite provides very critical information to both 911 and dispatchers in terms of location information of where individuals are, other information, such as video directly from the site, and also Reva allows for cross-jurisdictional information sharing. You take all those three capabilities with enterprise security and command center, it really enhances our overall portfolio. And as Greg said, the one plus one here is actually much greater than two.
Adam Tindle: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe following up on kind of that Rave response, which was very helpful just kind of in laying out the integration. I guess just is there any timeline to kind of integrating the solution that your Video solution or Command Center could kind of interoperate more seamlessly with Rave, or is that already kind of built into the solution? Just kind of getting a sense of when the one-to-one really does become more than two and if there's any timeline to that? And then maybe just a second question. Obviously, the backlog has grown pretty significantly. Are there any meaningful changes to duration that we should just be mindful of when thinking about that backlog and how it would peel off? Thank you.
Jack Molloy: Just starting with the timeline elements. There are many elements of what I just outlined that already exist today, and they are integrated in various ways today. What we would like to do, and that's -- this is the future-looking element of it where we unify more of these solutions within our Command Center product portfolio, but also the Video Security and Access Control portfolio. And that is to come, and that it helps us enhance the use cases and make our products more differentiated. But some of the key capabilities in terms of being able to connect a detection that happens on the public safety side, and that's leading to an informed response on the command center side, whether that's 911 or dispatch, those capabilities exist today. And along with the incident, mass notification capability, being able to appropriately alert people, inform people during a situation, all those capabilities exist today. So there's more to come on this, but the base capability where the one plus one is greater than two, that's today.
Jason Winkler: On the backlog. So our backlog, not only is it up in total to the $14.3 billion, it's up $900 million in products. And the duration of our backlog is even better than it had been last year. So we're in a strong position for backlog as well as the continued expectation for the orders that we execute on during the year.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Meta.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you very much, and congrats to what's a very robust 4Q and very robust 2023 guidance. My question has to do with the APX NEXT orders and just the typical refresh rates of public safety institutions and how they order your radios. The question is, are the ARPA funds and are the elevated levels of state and local budget catalyzing a compression in the typical refresh rate of LMR radios, which is partially explaining the strength you're seeing in LMR?
Jack Molloy: Sami, it's Jack. So as I said, I believe it was in the August call that we're in the early innings of the P25 upgrade cycle in North America. A couple of things to point out. Number one, APX NEXT was introduced at the highest tier of the market, and that's where it's been focused. Just recently, meaning the second half of 2022, we've filled in that portfolio. So now we have a mid-tier APX NEXT available. That in and of itself will be an accelerant for a lot of what you call suburban and county municipalities outside of the big cities. We've done $370 million of orders since the product was announced. To give you a feel for the accelerant, $210 million of orders in 2022. And without question, the ARPA funding will be an accelerant to -- it used to be a 10-year kind of refresh cycle, we've seen that pull into like a seven-year refresh cycle. But I'd point you to the City of Houston that actually leverage largely ARPA funds, but actually use some budgets that they had surpluses in their own budget to move forward this device. I think there's a few things that really driving this. People want to do more with their device. And so, clearly, the ability to extend the network as people go to do mutual [indiscernible] events, SmartConnect, the owner experience. I mean a big city police department, it's tough to get technicians. It used to take them 10,000 man hours to actually upgrade software, cyber fixes and those kind of bug refreshes, that can be done in 10 minutes now, leveraging the LTE compatibility. And the last thing is location matters. And what we've seen is GPS provisioning that capability even through our CAD networks has been a big add for our customers. And so there's clearly been a lot of excitement. You've seen a lot of very marquee police departments. And I think with the mid-tier series launching, I think we're going to continue to see that accelerant. And just to be clear, we did $210 million of orders last year. I expect to do double that this year.
Greg Brown: And it's fair to say I think -- I think APX NEXT is probably the most successful LMR product we've launched, certainly in my tenure and the most successful for all of the reasons that Jack talked about, private network, public network, seamless roaming, LMR to LTE and all the operational cost savings. Yes, obviously, the funding environment helps, but the product itself is so strong in what it does and unique in its capabilities, I think that is as significant as anything.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for giving us color. The one other follow-up question is, I think we can clearly see where you guys are going with Rave mobility. But I think the bigger question for analysts is when we look at Rave, when we look at Ava Security, and we look at a bunch of these other acquisitions you have made, they all look like they're going to have to be integrated on the back end and then offered in a much more broader way to a lot of your customers for much bigger type of consumption model. How far away -- how far away are you guys from offering this or being market-ready with a fully integrated suite in the back end that can really service the front-end consumption side?
Mahesh Saptharishi: So I think we've talked about our Safety Reimagined program a few times before. And a key element of that Safety Reimagine program is actually to bring all these elements together in an integrated fashion and facilitate the orchestration of incident response in a manner where that response is more effective. So with that in mind, we have actually spent time developing a piece of software called Orchestrate which actually starts connecting these different pieces together and very visually allows enterprise security professionals and even public safety professionals to be able to say, this is how the automation behind the scenes of events going from, say, us being able to detect [indiscernible] visually in the field of view of camera should trigger, say, an access control lockdown, that access control lockdown in turn can perhaps trigger a mass notification to people in the facility, that mass notification then -- following that triggers a call to 911, dispatchers are now informed as to where individuals are. This is -- these are capabilities that between our Collaborate platform, our Orchestrate platform we're able to do today. And I think as a solution, we are starting to sell Safety Reimagined as a solution.
Jason Winkler: In addition to the product integration and the road map that Mahesh described, I think, as Greg mentioned earlier, we're excited about Rave because it allows us to extend our sales channel to selling into public safety and education. So immediately, that organization gets the power of Jack Molloy's entire sales organization, selling the product as it is today into those accounts. And that in part is why we believe we're the most valuable owner of that asset.
Jack Molloy: Sami, just a couple of other points I think are important to point out. We see the video security market, in particular, fixed video security, there really is a little bit of divergence in terms of view of on-prem customers that want an on-prem solution for certain critical infrastructure markets. And then you've seen another market that without question, from VMS -- from a video security, but also from an access control standpoint, they are starting to accelerate to cloud. We've done a couple of things to take advantage. So moving forward, we're going to have the capabilities to deliver if you're an on-prem customer or you're a cloud customer, you'll be able to leverage the analytics that we've cultivated within our camera portfolio. That's important. The other thing that's important is, as you remember, we also acquired IndigoVision and Pelco. And we had three different essentially VMSs that we had to support. We've unified that experience under ACC8, Avigilon Control Center 8, which is our VMS. So there has been progress to your point. I just want to make sure you understood a couple of those things as well.
Sami Badri: Awesome. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Fahad Najam with Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Fahad Najam: Thank you for taking my question. I wanted to kind of look at the linearity of your outlook, you're guiding 1Q 2023 revenue to grow 12% to 13%, yet full year you're guiding maybe at 7% year-on-year growth. So kind of -- I understand lead times haven't changed for your supply chain, but the global supply chain outlook is indeed improving, you might see it later in the year. But still, I'm trying to question the linearity that you're implying it implies almost like a slowdown in the second half of the year, which sounds counterintuitive. So can you walk me through your assumptions?
Jason Winkler: Sure. Fahad, I would point you to, first, the comp set from last year where in the first half, we grew at a rate of 8% and the second half a rate of almost double that. So if you look at last year's comps, it in part informs our expectations for growth this year. Secondly, we talked about this $80 million PCR business model change moving to license. The majority of that impact is occurring in the second half for us. That helps inform what we expect for growth all year, but higher growth in the first half. And as Greg mentioned, with lead times unchanged, we forecast the business based on the lead times that our suppliers commit to us, and we update it as the year progresses. And our current guide is informed by our supply commitments. We just had a summit with our top 20 suppliers yesterday and have the latest information and commitments from them. And we'll continue to work the supply environment proactively, which we did in 2022.
Fahad Najam: For my follow-up, I wanted to ask your thoughts on your revenue growth outlook for video surveillance. You've been talking 20% growth. But over the last two years, you've grown that business 30%-plus. If I'm not mistaken, the FCC has now recently announced a more wider band of that [indiscernible] Dahua products that has far bigger implications probably favorably for your business. So how should we be thinking about and how are you thinking about your video surveillance revenue growth in 2023? And how does this new SEC ban impact your business?
Jack Molloy: Sure, Fahad. So our outlook for the 2023 is 15% growth. But I'd point out 15% off a pretty significantly difficult comp, we grew 24% in 2022. We've kind of said in general, we think the NDAA is generally conducive. And we think it's -- within the mix, it's a tailwind to the business. But we don't think it's going to have any real profound impact over the course of 2023. But we're really excited, particularly as the things I just outlined. Our portfolio is coming together. We now have offerings from an on-prem standpoint as well as a cloud standpoint. But again, I think 15%, I also think it's important to take a look at where we're getting that -- where we're generating that growth. Government and education are two largest verticals. And we think they're a little bit insulated in terms of if there is any kind of economic slowdown. And the other piece of it is health care and the commercial market space as well.
Greg Brown: Fahad, I'd also point out that some of the higher growth rates of Video Security, like in 2022 or before, the top revenue growth rate was in part driven by acquisitions. As you normalize those acquisitions and they go into the base and you look at the underlying strength of the growth rate between 2021 and 2022 and into 2023, it's much more comparable on a year-over-year basis.
Fahad Najam: I appreciate the answer. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Fahad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So can you talk about kind of the operating leverage benefits you're seeing in the model? And I mean, you saw kind of modest growth in OpEx despite record revenues this year and very strong organic top line. So as we think about next year, how do we think about the pace of spend, kind of incremental costs related to Rave and other acquisitions? And you also mentioned gross margins up this year. Can you expand on the magnitude of your expectations there and the shape throughout the year? And I have one follow-up.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So I'll start with OpEx. I mentioned that we expect OpEx to be up $150 million this year. The primary drivers of that are, in fact, Rave, the recent acquisition, combined with investments that we continue to make within video, which is our fastest-growing technology. In terms of leverage, we saw the leverage that we expected in the second half of 2022 on the operating line, and we expect continued operating margin expansion in 2023. I mentioned in part, $50 million of a tailwind in lower costs for us to attain the supply in 2023, then what we had to pay in 2022, that will largely benefit the product segment. And we'll continue to expand operating margins with both the volume and price growth drivers that Greg mentioned earlier.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then on free cash flow, very strong performance here to end the year and despite $300 million working cap drag. It's always nice to see very strong earnings contribution kind of driving that free cash flow. But as we look to 2023, how do we think about working cap dynamics and overall trends for 2023, which could be a record year for free cash flow? Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So we out looked $1.9 billion in operating cash flow. CapEx will be pretty similar to last year. For a number of years now, our CapEx as a percent of OCF is around 15%. It's actually less than the 20% that we have in our capital allocation model, and that's likely to continue. We are a low CapEx asset light kind of model. So as OCF, we expect growth in OCF, we'll have higher earnings. I did mentioned $225 million higher cash tax amount that we are incorporating into 2023 as well. But we'll see good earnings growth, good cash flow growth, and we'll continue to work through inventory. Inventory has been a helpful investment for us as we navigated 2022. We'll plan and are planning for it to come down in 2023 as we fulfill record demand, but we'll continue to use it as an asset. It served us well in getting customer and meeting customer demand, but we'll continue to work through lower inventories in 2023.
Paul Chung: Great, thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, guys and congratulations on a great quarter and our consistent performance for you guys. As we think about your product and system integration business, obviously, we saw you guys call out a lot of the APX NEXT refreshes, but there's only one systems update that was included in that list. Can you guys kind of talk about the mix between the system upgrades versus the device upgrades that you guys are going through? And are you guys seeing more of a movement back toward your device upgrades?
Jason Winkler: We're seeing both, Keith. The one thing I'd point to is that over the past several years, our customers have been transitioning to an always current upgrade arrangement, we call it SUA. It's a more predictable arrangement for them and keeps them on their journey technology wise. That revenue stream is more predictable for us. And a large number of customers in North America are on that journey for their infrastructure needs, which is a less lumpy systems business for us. So we'll continue to see devices upgrades. We told you where we are in the early innings of that. And we'll see systems upgrades, but we'll see it come through the P&L in both a product-related upgrade, but in some cases, higher services revenue for systems upgrades.
Jack Molloy: Jason, that's a good point. It's also -- this is pivoted more into a recurring revenue model and it will. There'll be elements of it in terms of replacing base stations for these networks that will continue to be an opportunity for us. But largely, it's come into software, meaning, it's an SUA program, as Jason pointed out, but also it's been -- it's been an accelerant for our Managed and Support Services business as well.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks. And as a follow-up question here. [indiscernible] the guidance here, Command Center growth expectations above 20% for 2023. Is the primary driver of that is the integration of Rave? Or are you guys seeing success elsewhere starting to pay dividends?
Jason Winkler: 20% includes the inorganic addition of Rave, but the rest of Command Center software also expected to grow low double digits, which is consistent with the expectation that we had and executed too in 2022.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Louie DePalma with William Blair. Your line is open. Louis, please make sure that you're unmuted.
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Jack, Mahesh, and Tim, good afternoon.
Greg Brown: How are you?
Louie DePalma: Doing well. Related to your Video division, the topic of artificial intelligence and machine learning has been in the financial mainstream recently with ChatGPT. Can you discuss how Motorola deserves to be in the conversation of leading AI vendors with some of your video analysis automation tech that you showcased at the IACP conference? And in general, how powerful are your AI tools now? And how has that progressed over the past couple of years? Thanks.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Sure. So ChatGPT, the technology that I think has been in development for quite a long time, and it really benefits from lots of advances in natural language understanding, reinforcement learning, the GPT, that stands for generative pretrained transformers, and it's the third generation of that tool. Now if you kind of break that up a little bit, the natural language elements of it, think of what we do on the smart transcription side, where we understand natural language, we are able to pick out entities that addresses names, license plate numbers, et cetera, and then map that into a capability to fill out forms, give supervisors a heads-up when a call taker potentially needs help, et cetera. On the video side, think of it as what we're doing, where we're taking video and actually converting that to language, so facilitating things like natural language searches. So being able to understand what is the user asking for and mapping that effectively into a set of results that are returned based upon our automated analysis of video. And we're able to do that at the edge. And with our acquisition of Calipsa, we're able to extend that capability into the cloud. And one of the things that Calipsa with the cloud AI allows us to do is very rapidly give -- provide this capability to multiple different cameras across the board, across all our portfolios, Pelco specifically, Avigilon inclusive of that as well. So those two things together give us the capability now to say, okay, if there's particular events that are happening, we can alert on them unusual activity being another one of them. So ChatGPT, I think, is just an indicator of one element or one area of machine learning that is really advanced. We're benefiting from multiple pieces of that across video understanding, across language understanding and audio understanding to the point where we're now implementing it across all our products. So hopefully, that's a rough answer to your question.
Louie DePalma: Thanks. That was helpful. I'm sure you could talk for dozens of hours on that topic. One more question. Last week, Yes. Last week, the city of East Chicago and Indiana announced that it was deploying portable solar-powered video analytics platform from Avigilon. I was wondering, do you view solar powered cameras as a significant growth area for the Motorola video group?
Mahesh Saptharishi: So there's probably two areas, I'm not entirely sure of the specific opportunity you're talking about. But more broadly, we do have Avigilon cameras that are deployed today with solar platforms for [indiscernible] deploy applications. Many times, this is for construction sites for sort of sports events that happen or concert events that happen and you need a rapidly deploy solution. That is 1 part of it. The other part of it is on our automatic license plate recognition solution. We introduced the L6Q camera towards the end of last year. And that is a fully wireless solution. So it is a camera that is equipped with both video and radar as a detection mechanism. It is solar powered. It can be solar powered or it can be powered with a regular AC or DC connection. It also is LTE capable. So it is fully wireless in all its capabilities. And we are seeing a fairly rapid uptake in that solution because of its ease of install -- it is probably the easiest to install a video camera device out there today.
Louie DePalma: Perfect. Exactly what I was looking for. Thanks.
Greg Brown: Thanks. Louie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. The first item I had is, I'm curious, could you talk through the K-12 trends that you've seen as of late, talk to maybe materiality and how some of the COVID relief funding is starting to manifest. Mahesh talked about safety reimagine, but any other types of projects that you're seeing in that space would be helpful.
Jack Molloy: Sure. So I pointed out earlier, but education is -- it's our largest vertical in terms of Video Security & Access Control. There's been 170 million billion allocated to funding school safety. And it continues to outpace -- as much as we grew 24% last year, education continues to even outpace our growth in the overall business. It's one that school safety is paramount to what everyone is doing. And it's not only video security, it's access control, but it also brings in PCR radios and their ability to interoperate, to provide intelligence in terms of if there's an ingress/egress at a door, there's things that happen. I mean analytics play a huge role in driving a lot of our education success in terms of unusual motion detection, if there's an altercation in a cafeteria, think of things like that. Stadiums things happen with teenage kids in stadiums and those kind of things. So all those things have kind of culminated in a great opportunity. One of the things we did early days is we actually went out, hired a team to -- all they do is get up and focus every day in the educational space because one of our core beliefs here is we believe domain expertise, market knowledge matters in terms of going back and work with the product group and making sure we're making the right definition. The other thing I'd add, public schools get a lot of attention. But one of the reasons we look at Ava is we actually looked at a lot of private schools who actually wanted a cloud solution. We didn't have a solution before we bought Ava and we've identified opportunities to accelerate growth in the private education system as well there.
Ben Bollin: Okay. That's great. The follow-up is within Command Center, Greg, you spoke to 20% growth in 2023. Jason, I think you said ex Rave low doubles. If you look at Command Center as a percentage of mix, it's been pretty stable, about 7 points of revenue over the last several years. A lot of things going on. Could you talk a little bit about the sales motion there, the complexity of the systems and longer term, when you think that might be a bigger driver to the overall mix or grow as a percentage of the total, if you get a more widespread investment among those customers? That's it. Thank you.
Jack Molloy: Yeah. I mean I think the primary thing I'd point to there is we have -- you have to think about the Command Central market in terms of its very widespread. There are 6,500 public safety answering points in North America. And what you see taking place, and I think where we've talked about is, you've got -- historically, you had three to four different RFP cycles, meaning CAD RMS, you had a 911 system, you had consoles and radio consoles in some respect as well as Aware platform, which is more of a proactive mechanism to look at police. And what we're seeing, I think, particularly as we start to see newer and probably more technology savvy dispatchers enter the market, they want a unified experience. They want to look at a piece of software that is commonality instead of looking at four different things, operating with multiple different screens, different ways to interface to the technology. So I know that everybody would like this thing just to turn on and everybody go to kind of a Microsoft suite, the reality is, they've made investments. Some of them maybe just bought a new RMS system three years ago. And there's a cycle to that. But we think there's a cycle, and it's a benefit to us. And I think one of the things that Mahesh and his team have done a great job of is they put us in a position to have a conversation with a customer. It isn't bad for us if they buy those things in three different cycles because they buy from us. As long as they like the experience we deliver, we think there's a margin opportunity there as well.
Ben Bollin: Thanks, Jack.
Mahesh Saptharishi: [Technical Difficulty] And just looking at how we performed over 2022, our SaaS growth was actually 2 times that of command center total revenue. And today, about one-third of our command center software customers are actually they have at least 1 cloud-hosted hybrid solution in the mix there. And then we mentioned Greater Harris County as one of the deals this year -- or last quarter. An important element of that solution was -- the smart transcription solution that I mentioned previously and Greater Harris County is actually the largest smart transcription deployment to date. And so we are seeing more adoption of hybrid solutions going into that, and that's growing well for us.
Ben Bollin: Thanks, Mahesh.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question will come from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Your line is open.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate that. I hope [indiscernible] last I could ask an awful lot of questions. But on a serious note, Greg, the guidance you'll give in organic terms, what does that translate to stripping out what you're expecting from Rave or any other contemplated acquisitions? And how does that compare to organic growth in 2022? I assume Rave is the only -- or the biggest inorganic piece this year?
Jason Winkler: Yes. It's largely Rave. Last year, inorganic revenues contributed $121 million to our -- and this year, it's largely the Rave of around $70-plus million from Rave. So that's the bridge.
Paul Silverstein: You don't have -- in that guidance, you're not putting in anything in terms of prospective acquisitions other than Rave that was disclosed, and it's obviously less, a fair deal less than what acquisitions contributed?
Jason Winkler: It's the business as we see it and have it today. That's right.
Paul Silverstein: All right. I appreciate that. And which ties into the next question, your LMR business just grew 9% last year following 7.6% growth the year before and 3.9% a year before that for a business that you historically have characterized understandably, I think it's low single digit. And so it came off a very strong year and had even strong growth. In terms of -- relative to the mid-single-digit guidance on LMR, I'm trying to understand the upside potential [indiscernible] assume the downside of this is one of the -- I'm trying to understand upside potential. Can you just review -- I know you've touched on it throughout the call, but can you review what were the key drivers in that? You mentioned that PCR was up. I don't think you gave us a number. I assume it was back up to the $1 billion level that you referenced in 2019. I think that was the level. But can you go through the various drivers, APX, PCR, et cetera, that contributed to that awfully strong growth? And what you're expecting going forward?
Greg Brown: So Paul, I'd say let's start foundationally and thematically. I think it's a statement about the strength and durability of land mobile radio, first and foremost as a platform. LMR versus an LTE or cellular alternative, number one. Number two, we talk a lot about APX NEXT, APX NEXT being the premier high-tier device, most successful product launch MSI has ever had. Where customers are clamoring for it given the feature functionality, the LTE roaming, the over-the-air software efficiency that eliminates or minimizes their operating expense. And then we're taking APX NEXT, and we're introducing the APX NEXT mid-tier refresh. So you think about more broadly, there's 13,000 LMR networks around the world. You take a subset of that with better North American centric and P25 and you have a whole device portfolio refresh high-end led by APX NEXT, mid-tier then APX NEXT mid-tier. By the way, we're refreshing the TETRA portfolio as well, and we've continued to add and enhance the PCR portfolio. Then you add the backdrop of ARPA funding and state budgets that are as strong as they've been in years and PCR up [indiscernible] had best quarter it's ever had in and it has returned to prepandemic levels. And to your point, it's back to about $1 billion. And even with the business model change around PCR exiting certain countries in Asia, recognizing margin instead of full top end revenue, we still not expect to grow off of a record 2022. So you have device portfolio refresh, best-in-class product. This is a need to have, not a nice to have. That's not just a slogan. That's a reality and the demand for LMR [indiscernible] and the platforms and the feature functionality that comes with that, not to mention the integration of the Command Center and things like video security and Access Control are powering this technology forward. Now why mid-single digit? Because I remind you, we're still in a supply-constrained environment. Lead times are still the same as they were a quarter or two ago. if there's relief on that front or that changes throughout the year, we'll inform you. But that's what's driving that guide.
Paul Silverstein: Greg, I think you just told us that if supply permits, demand would accommodate more than that mid-single digit, 5% guidance. But my last question, any update with respect to you all being able to collect on that not in substantial Hytera litigation award?
Greg Brown: Work in progress. By the way, it's worth saying, Paul, that our expectation for cash flow in fiscal 2023 assumes no collection in that year. They owe us about $60 million. We've collected some a relatively de minimis amount. Our trial is the Civil trial. They have a 21 count criminal trial that begins at the DOJ federal level in February of 2024. We've asked the court to hold Hytera in contempt for failing to make a royalty payment. Look, it's a long slog. It's a multiyear fight against Hytera, but it's the right thing to do. We're going to protect the intellectual property of this firm. We'll see how it plays out. We had, by the way, they're defendant, [indiscernible] and plead guilty in the U.K., that's the senior engineering executive for Hytera that reported to the CEO, he changed his fee several months ago to guilty. So I know it takes long, and the wheels of justice grind relatively slowly, but we'll stay tuned and update you accordingly. But in terms of our forecasting or assumptions for fiscal 2023, there's zero from a cash standpoint.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate that. Guys, can I just clarify one thing going back to 1 more question. Greg, I think you and Jack and Jason have made the point historically previously that the new APX handsets accommodating the richer applications that require the new APX handset in order for your customers to deploy. I trust that's still the case, assuming the fact that there's a strong take-up of APX NEXT bodes well for take-up of the incremental command center software and LMR services, et cetera, and so one goes hand in hand with the other.
Greg Brown: Well, the fact that the APX NEXT has software applications that are embedded in the capability of the device themselves. That platform is there to upgrade and add apps over time.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate it.
Greg Brown: Yes, thank you, Paul.
Operator: All right. Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any additional and closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Thank you, everybody, and thank for joining the call. I would just summarize by saying what we do has never been more important than it is now. I mean, last year was a truly outstanding year. second consecutive year of double-digit top line revenue growth. We expanded operating margins despite the higher input costs around semiconductors. We acquired seven companies for the deployment and utilization of capital of $1.2 billion. The demand environment remains exceptionally strong, heading into this year. We've got strong multiyear funding. We've got record orders. We got record backlog. The exciting part is, we're at the intersection of public safety and enterprise security. And the width and breadth of our technology ecosystem, I think, further fortifies our role as a trusted adviser to our customers. I want to thank every single Motorolan that's listening into this call. This is an incredible company with this very strong purpose, passion, reengineering, innovation mentality. And as we heard yesterday in the supplier conference that Jason referenced and Jack, Mahesh and I participated in, these are special people with a commitment to serve and the commitment to the community. It's above and beyond. I appreciate everybody on the call. Thank you for joining, and we look forward to updating you again in a few months. I appreciate you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet within two hours. The website address is motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within two hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. [Operator Instructions]  I will now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2022 third quarter earnings call. With me today or Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President, CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary; and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted.  A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. Statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factor section of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K or any other quarterly report on Form-10Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Tim. And good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. First, our Q3 results highlight the continued strong demand and robust funding environment that we're seeing across the business. We grew revenue 13%, EPS 28%, and expanded operating margins by 220 basis points. Additionally, we ended the quarter with record Q3 ending backlog of $13.5 billion, up 19% from last year, inclusive of over $800 million of unfavorable currency impact. Second, we achieved record Q3 revenue in both segments in Products and Systems Integration, increased demand for video security and land mobile radio technologies and continued solid execution in our supply chain led to revenue growth of 15% during the quarter. And in Software and Services revenue was up 8% and 13% when normalized for FX. And finally, based on our exceptionally strong Q3 results and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we're raising our full year guidance for both sales and EPS for the second consecutive time, despite full year FX headwinds that now total about $220 million up $50 million from our expectations last quarter. So at this point, I will now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter grew 13% and was above our guidance with record third quarter revenue in both segments. We also saw growth across all three technologies led by 33% growth in video security and access control. In LMR, which grew 9%, our supply chain execution during the quarter enabled us to ship additional product revenue. FX headwinds during the quarter were $66 million, while acquisitions added $32 million. GAAP operating earnings were $373 million inclusive of $147 million non-cash fixed asset impairment charge recognized during the quarter related to the now planned exit from the ESN contract. GAAP operating margins were 15.7%. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $676 million, up 22% from the year ago quarter. And non-GAAP operating margin was 28.5%, up from 26.3%. This increase in operating margin was driven by higher sales, higher gross margins, and improved operating leverage, particularly in the Products and SI segment. GAAP earnings per share were a $1.63 compared to a $1.76 per share in the year ago quarter, primarily due to the impairment charge related to the expected early exit of the ESN contract. Non-GAAP EPS was $3 per share, up 28% from $2.35 last year. This strong growth in EPS was driven by higher sales in margins, as well as a lower affected tax rate related to higher benefits from stock comp recognized in the current year. OpEx in Q3 was $521 million up $25 million versus last year, primarily due to acquisitions. Turning to cash flow Q3 operating cash flow was $388 million, up $12 million compared with the prior year. And free cash flow was $318 million up $3 million. For the full year we expect operating cash flow to be approximately $100 million lower than our prior guidance, primarily due to our continued investment in inventory, which is helping us execute in a dynamic supply chain environment and deliver against the continued record demand we're seeing in video security and LMR. Capital allocation for Q3 included $132 million in cash dividends, $94 million in share repurchases and $70 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter, we closed the acquisition of Barrett Communications, a specialty supplier of high frequency and tactical communications equipment for $18 million net of cash. Moving to segment results in the Products and SI segment, we continue to see strong demand across both LMR and video. Sales during the quarter, were up 15% versus last year and orders were up 29%, including record Q3 orders for both LMR and video. Currency headwinds were $28 million and revenue from acquisitions in the quarter contributed $13 million. Operating earnings were $375 million or 24.5% of sales up from 20.6% in the prior year, driven primarily by higher sales and operating leverage, partially offset by higher material costs. The impact from our pricing actions increased in Q3 as expected, and we continue to expect full year operating margins in this segment to be higher than last year. Some notable Q3 wins and achievements in the segment include an order in Israel valued at over $400 million for a duration of 25 years. This unique system integration project also includes over $30 million of fixed video equipment and software, and is our single largest order ever for Avigilon.  $165 million P25 System and APX NEXT devices award received from Miami-Dade County that includes a new customer for us in the state of Florida; a $67 million P25 order from Southeastern Pennsylvania Transit Authority; a $45 million P25 order from a customer in Africa; a $29 million P25 devices order from a U.S. federal customer, an $18 million TETRA order from a customer in Europe, and a $5 million fixed video order from a major transportation company in North Africa.  In Software and Services revenue was up 8%, which includes $38 million of FX headwinds and $19 million of revenue from acquisitions. Total software revenue was up 17% driven by strong demand in video, while in LMR services revenue was up 4% after $33 million of FX headwinds. Operating earnings in the segment were $301 million or 35.7% of sales, down 30 basis points from last year driven by higher acquisition expenses. Some notable Q3 highlights in the segment include two large multi-year LMR service renewals, a $43 million won with the State of Maryland and $15 million with the City of Phoenix. Also, a $17 million push-to-talk over broadband order from a customer in the Middle East, a $7 million command center software renewal with Will County, Illinois, a $4 million body-worn camera order for the Texas Department of Public Safety, and a $4 million command center software suite order for Ellis County, Texas. Looking at regional results, North America Q3 revenue was $1.7 billion, up 16% on growth in all three technologies. International Q3 revenue was $686 million, up 4% versus last year with growth in all three technologies, partially offset by unfavorable FX. Moving to our backlog, ending backlog was a Q3 record of $13.5 billion, up 19% or $2.1 billion compared to last year, inclusive of approximately $826 million of unfavorable FX and a $99 million orders reduction related to the planned exit from the ESN contract. The growth was driven by the Airwave extension recorded in the fourth quarter of 2021, and increased demand across all three technologies. Sequentially backlog was up $87 million driven by several large orders received during the quarter, partially offset by $411 million of unfavorable FX and the $99 million adjustment for ESN. In the Products and SI segment, robust order demand in both LMR and video continues to drive record backlog, which was up $1.2 billion or 35% compared to last year. Sequentially, backlog was up $513 million, which was our ninth consecutive quarter of sequential backlog growth in this segment. In Software and Services backlog was up $876 million compared to last year, driven by the Airwave extension and a $288 million increase in multi-year services and software contracts in North America, partially offset by $722 million of unfavorable FX and the adjustment related to ESN. So sequentially backlog was down $426 million or 5% driven primarily by unfavorable FX, the ESN adjustment and revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN during the quarter. Turning now to our outlook, we expect Q4 sales to be up approximately 9% with non-GAAP earnings per share, between $3.40 and $3.45 per share. This assumes $90 million of FX headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately 172 million shares, and an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. For the full year, we are increasing both our revenue and EPS guidance again. We now expect revenue growth between 9.25% and 9.5% up from our prior guidance of 8%. And we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $10.17 and $10.22 per share, up from our prior guidance of $10.03 to $10.13 per share. This updated guidance now includes full year FX headwinds of $220 million, up $50 million from our prior guidance, a weighted average share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 20.5%. This now also assumes $150 million of higher costs for the full year related to the procurement of semiconductors from secondary markets at a premium. This is a $30 million increase over what we indicated earlier in the year and supports the increased revenue included in our updated guidance today. And finally, as I reflect on where we stand today with just two months left in another dynamic year, I'm encouraged with how our teams have been navigating the supply chain environment and overcoming the impact of a historically strong U.S. dollar. At the beginning of the year, we expected currency headwinds to have a $60 million translation impact on our full year revenues. The full year FX headwind has increased by $160 million since then. The decisions we've made to carry higher inventory pay premiums for semiconductors and the pricing actions we implemented have enabled us to drive higher product revenues that not only offset these significant FX headwinds and but have materially increased our revenue and EPS expectations during the year. I'll now turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. I'm really pleased with our Q3 results, and I'm extremely proud of the people here at Motorola and how our team continues to execute across all areas of the business. We achieved record Q3 sales in both segments, EPS is up by 28%. We expanded operating margins by 220 basis points, and we ended the quarter with a record ending backlog of $13.5 billion, up 19%. And again, that's in the face of some significant FX headwinds. Second, we continue to deliver these strong results while also continuing to invest in both new products and strengthening our ecosystem. During the quarter, we extended our successful APX NEXT device portfolio with three additional radios that support agencies of all sizes, personnel needs and budgets. We announced several new video integrations into CommandCentral Aware, bringing body-worn in car and emergency drone video feeds into the command center and we expanded our suite of cloud-connected cameras with the Ava Quad, a cloud-native forehead camera with built-in analytics. And finally, as I look ahead, the momentum of our business is strong. Our investments in the portfolio, combined with a robust funding environment are driving increased demand for our solutions, our supply chain execution and higher inventory is helping us navigate a continually challenging environment to meet this record demand and our record Q3 backlog positions us well for another year of strong revenue and earnings growth into 2023. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim, and we'll open it up for your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] on for Tim Long. I have two questions, if I may. You guys had mentioned in your release and prepared remarks about exiting your ESN contract. And just kind of trying to get a little bit more color there, is that just managing the contract? Or would that also be inclusive of the Kodiak revenue? And is there anything more you think you'll need to kind of concede in negotiations with the home office? And then just kind of given the raised guidance now, how should we kind of high level think about 2023 expectations? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes, in terms of ESN, Lisa, I think it's a result of ongoing conversations with the customer. I think more recently, they reached an advanced stage, kind of a late-stage negotiation where at this point, we think it's more likely than not that we will be exiting ESN earlier than the expiration of 2024. We don't have an agreement signed with them at this point. But I think there's mutual interest in reaching that conclusion and we continue to work toward that end. So I think we both think it's the right thing to do and a reasonable way forward. Look, in terms of 2023, and I know we have a lot of good news for the Q3 print. It's a little bit – a little bit early to think about. There's still a lot of moving parts. I think at this point in time, we think about revenue of about $9.5 billion in 2023. We expect at that level, we could grow within all three technologies. But it's also worth noting that there's still some things that we'll be dealing with into 2023. I think that the supply chain constraints around semiconductor, which we're still experiencing, which is one example of why Jason referenced, we're carrying higher inventory purposely and carrying and paying more higher PPV premiums. But I think that those semiconductor supply chain challenges continue into next year and therefore, I think our higher inventory levels will continue well into 2023. I also think, again, at the moment, we have FX headwinds that look about $150 million, of which, by the way, more than half of that would be actually in Q1 alone. And then one other just thing to think about for all of us in terms of 2023 is we expect about 200 to 300 basis points of higher tax rate headwinds in 2023 that will inform our thinking. But those are high-level chalk to field thoughts at this moment, and we would – we'll obviously give you the specifics in February.
Jason Winkler: Lisa, if I could also add color to your question around ESN. So the revenues this year for ESN are going to be approximately $65 million. That includes some of the MCPTT as well as the integration and the project. As Greg mentioned, with the exit of the contract, that will go to zero in 2024. We're working through as part of the negotiation, what transition services and what that looks like in terms of revenue for next year. So we'll update you on that as it concludes. But $65 million in this year's top line results from ESN.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you so much.
Greg Brown: Thanks Lisa.
Operator: We now turn to George Notter from Jefferies. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi, guys, thanks very much and congratulations on all the growth and crisp execution here. I guess, I wanted to just keep going on the same line of questioning. Does the exit of the ESN contract help you in the renegotiation with Airwave? Obviously, you're negotiating with the home office and the CMA. I presume about a revised contract extension, but is this a negotiating point in that negotiation? How do you see it?
Greg Brown: Yes. I think just to remind you, look, the CMA investigation was undertaken with two tenants. One is our returns on Airwave and the evaluation of that. And secondarily, the apparent potential structural dual role of us being both in Airwave and ESN, we talked about the decision working with the customer to exit ESN earlier than the expiration of 2024. I think the Airwave return issue obviously remains on the table. And while it's related to ESN, it's separate. Now having said that, around the provisional decision that came out more recently, we disagree with the CMA's provisional decision and their findings, we still are convicted in our position. I think we feel the CMA's provisional decision is legally and economically flawed. I think it's not proportional. It's unprecedented and overreaching. That said, we continue to stay in close conversation with the CMA and with the UK home office. It's kind of also ironic that as we are in the middle of this on Airwave, we coincidentally had the highest customer satisfaction score we've ever had for network performance of Airwave in the month of September, which included and incorporated all the planning around the Queen's funeral. So look, we'll continue to work it, and we will defend our position and pursue all legal avenues that are available to us, including appeals, if we think that's the right thing to do.
George Notter: Got it, okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Lapinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Lapinski: Hi, thanks. Congrats on the quarter. I wanted to go back a little bit to the supply chain piece and just to make sure I fully understand some of the dynamics. It sounds like maybe things haven't really improved, but you did see a pretty good ramp in hardware sales during the quarter and maybe you're able to at least get supply but at a higher price. So maybe if you could just give us a bit of an update on exactly kind of where you feel like we are in the supply environment. And then as we think about that in the context of backlog, just trying to understand a little bit better, we just hardware backlog ramped a lot. Was that due to supply constraints? Is that due to just a factor of kind of the growth you're seeing in shipping times? And just maybe some more details there would be really helpful. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes. Sure. I think we'll tag team this. But as I mentioned, I think the semiconductor supply constraints remain. Now there's a lot that's been said and written about softening demand and we're heading towards a recession, laptops, smartphones and PCs, that doesn't apply to us. The more legacy silicon and semiconductor supply that we embed into our solutions is more analogous to the automotive industry. And as you've seen there, the automotive industry continues to be supply constrained. So we don't see a lot of relief. The progress we're making in satisfying this record demand is the decision to carry higher inventory to meet this record demand, pay more in PPV premiums, we had said we thought we'd spend $120 million for the full year. Jason just referenced, we're going to spend $150 million, that incremental $30 million is paying PPV premiums to satisfy demand. And the third leg of the stool is product redesign. So I think the environment on supply is on the margins very slightly better but still challenging and stiff for us. We're doing the inventory, higher inventory, increased PPV spend and continued product redesign I've referenced in earlier calls to satisfy this record demand.
Jason Winkler: I would add, Greg, that on the automotive front, most of the LMR componentry that we are looking to get is in 40 nanometers and greater that supports what's going on in automotive and heavy industry. And we’re having success in getting what we need. The $30 million incremental is not only a good business decision, it also aligns to customer prioritization and us needing to fulfill backlog that customers have been waiting for. So in particular, this quarter in Q3 and again in Q4, we anticipate strong PCR shipments where we’re getting to parts of the portfolio that had been delayed in getting componentry for. So PCR, for example, this year, while we thought it could grow here or would grow with constraints of 15% last quarter for the year. We now anticipate it’s going to grow 20%. So we’re getting access to the components necessary to unlock some of that PCR backlog as an example.
Greg Brown: By the way, it also has helped the higher inventory decisions, has also helped in video security and access control as well. We now expect that growth annually to be 25% for this year, up from 20%. And the higher inventory has afforded us a position to take some incremental share both in video and PCR because of the available product.
Jason Winkler: It can be a competitive advantage in this market for sure.
Erik Lapinski: Awesome. Thanks, guys. Well, congrats on the execution.
Jason Winkler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Ryan Cui: Hi. This is Ryan Cui on for Sami. Thanks for taking the question. So I have two questions. First is, can you remind us how many round of price increase have been done so far? And is there another round of price increase should we like expected considering the alike inflation level of tax.
Jason Winkler: So our results for the year are going to be driven by both volume and price. The second half of this year will be even more supported by price because many of the actions we put into place earlier in the year have begun to impact the second half as we churn through prior backlog. So we’ve done a variety of value-based pricing across the portfolio. They’re helping enable as we expected, our growth and our results in the second half. We’ll continue to look at that, Jack and team around the near $800 million of R&D that we spend per year does differentiate our solutions and the work the team is doing on pricing to price to value.
Ryan Cui: Got you. I appreciate that. If I can squeeze in another one. So are you seeing any like signs of like potential slowdown, especially in the EU market considering the broad like concern from macroeconomic risk?
Greg Brown: We’re not seeing that. I think that the Q3 print, I think, speaks for itself. And again, I can’t thank the people across Motorola Solutions enough. I think the execution and focus has been superb. And there’s a lot of moving parts, right? The historical pressure on the dollar, continued supply challenges, a lot of moving parts, but we’re not. And also further reinforced by ending the quarter with record Q3 backlog, so I think demand remains strong.
Jason Winkler: Right, just to piggyback on that, when you really – when you think about our business outside of public safety, our next biggest vertical is education, which obviously given the initiatives around safe schools, around access control, analytics, that’s been a hot market and there’s not only funding through the American Rescue Plan, there’s also funding being pointed at that through the Bipartisan Safe Cities Act, which directly addresses access, egress, ingress issues at schools.
Ryan Cui: Got you. Appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: We now turn to Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thank you. I wanted to, Greg, return to the ESN conversation on the exit. I think a lot of investors view that as kind of the hedge to Airwave potentially going away at some point, kind of like having both LTE and LMR, so I wanted to understand why the strategic business decision to exit given it seemed like a hedge that you had? And then what does that mean for ESN? Is that network retired? Does it change hands? What becomes the Airwave alternative after this? And Jason, if you can talk about $65 million – go ahead, Greg. I don’t mean to throw too much out there.
Greg Brown: No, I’m sorry. I’m sorry, keep going on. We want to get everything to the other. Go ahead. I’m sorry.
Adam Tindle: I was just going to sneak in for Jason. He said $65 million of revenue, but my understanding was this wasn’t the highest profitability. So I just wanted to understand the profitability impact of this.
Greg Brown: Yes. On the first question, I don’t think we ever looked at ESN as a hedge. We were asked way back when to bid on it. We did. I think we’ve fulfilled our deliverables. We’ve been fully committed to this project. And we’ve worked closely with the customer. And again, what I said, they’re – obviously, they’re interrelated Airwave and ESN. They’re the same customer and ESN has plans to be a certain network by the UK home office. But I never viewed ESN as a hedge. I viewed it as building a lot to from MSI and delivering on the expectations they had for us. As the discussions advance this year and more recently in the past quarter, I think there’s a mutual agreement. It’s the right thing to do to exit. Now the original contract, it was expiring at the end of 2024 anyway. So I think we both felt it was the right thing to do. As Jason said $65 million of revenue about this year and goes to zero in 2024. And for next year, it’s obviously less than $65 million, but that has to be worked out in a final agreement with transition terms that predicate exactly what that looks like for next year.
Jason Winkler: And in terms of margin, you’re right; it’s lower than the rest of S&S. You think of it as a custom integration project in addition to us supplying them to MCPTT. So it’s an integration like margin profile on that $65 million.
Greg Brown: And Adam, I’d point to you to the U.S. where we are a subcontractor to AT&T for all things FirstNet, which is a 4G now evolving to 5G, high-speed LTE network, and we participate in that. And at the same time, we continue to grow and build LMR here domestically in the states. And in fact, we see record demand for LMR here in the U.S., while simultaneously participating in FirstNet. So I don’t see it as a hedge, and I don’t see it as a trade-off per se.
Adam Tindle: Got it. Okay. And then the other subject, I wanted to talk about the price cost equation in your business model. I mean we can debate when the $150 million of cost comes out of the model from a timing perspective, but I think we can all agree that’s probably not permanent. It’s going to come out at some point. And I’m wondering when that happens, what’s your intention with price at that point? You’ve implemented all these price increases. Would there be a need to reduce price at that point? Or do you think price sticks $150 million comes out and we might be looking at a structurally different level of margin in your business?
Jason Winkler: We view the price increases on our products as stickier than the $150 million of temporary market conditions that really are driven by brokers and third-parties extracting maximum value in a scarce commodity play right now. So we’ve had good success in looking through the portfolio and engaging with our customers, and we’ll continue to procure the parts that we need to at the parts – at the prices that are market driven right now. But as we look forward, there’s opportunity there.
Greg Brown: Yes. The other thing I would remind you, when you think about 2023 is, as we said, we expect inventory to remain at elevated levels well into 2023. And second, we’ve prioritized public safety shipments this year, so we have some lower tier PCR sitting in backlog that will have to flush through in Q4 and also into next year being a little bit of a counterweight to just a peel off of that $150 million.
Adam Tindle: Is there a simple way to think about the price spend? I mean the $150 million is really easy for us to understand. Is there a way to think of price was x dollars in 2022 and an incremental x dollars in 2023? Or is it just too complicated to do that?
Greg Brown: No, I would say this. For 2022, the growth we’ve had is both volume and price. Year-to-date, for the full year, Adam, we expect the growth to be volume and price increases, but with volumes still being a little bit more than half, it would be maybe appropriate to dimensionalize some further thoughts around pricing in February, but that’s the best we could give you at this point in time.
Adam Tindle: Understood. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: We now turn to Fahad Najam from Loop Capital. Your line is open.
Fahad Najam: Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask you first the fuller clarification. Also, your S&S backlog, how much of it is from ESN? Is that about $100 million?
Jason Winkler: $99 million of contract value was reduced. So that’s a reduction in backlog. Yes.
Fahad Najam: Okay. So that’s the entirety of the ESN backlog you were carrying in the S&S. There’s no additional related projects from that, right, in that $99 million.
Jason Winkler: That’s right. Yes, the decision to exit the ESN contract as most probable reduced our backlog by $99 million for future contracts as well as we had a non-cash charge of $147 million off the balance sheet, corresponding to our project and the delivery. Those are the two numbers that I think are most relevant to financially what we’ve decided is the most likely outcome.
Fahad Najam: Got it. Thank you. Now to my questions. Greg, in terms of how much of your revenue you’re being benefited from stimulus funds? Are you still expecting the majority of funds to show up next year? Just kind of take us through how you’re thinking about calendar 2023. I appreciate the initial outlook, you said with us. But maybe if you could double click maybe what’s driving that?
Greg Brown: Sure. So it’s always important to probably take it back and point out that what we do, it’s a need to have and not a nice to have. But with that said, we’ve got $200 million year-to-date through Q3 in revenue that’s tied in some way to the American Rescue Plan. The bigger thing to point to is this is a multiyear phenomenon, the ARP funds run through 2024 in all likelihood, some element of that will be extended as well.
Jason Winkler: I think it’s actually $200 million year-to-date quarter.
Greg Brown: You’re right. Yes. Good clarification.
Fahad Najam: All right. Appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We now turn to Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So you mentioned you feel comfortable with that $9.5 billion in 2023 initially. Can you kind of expand on the pace of growth you expect between segments? Can we still see that 20% type growth and video and as we start to think about gross margins for next year, can you kind of quantify the uplift, we should kind of expect it? Hopefully you start to see some component pricing come down and supply chain costs also come down?
Greg Brown: Yes. I think Paul; the color I'm giving in the $9.5 billion is really that, it meant to be more directional than specific. I think we will reserve the individual specifics around segments and technologies when we have the next earnings call in February. I would say though, it has been our ongoing goal and history from a margin standpoint anyway and I'd say operating margins that aspirationally we would look to expand operating margins again in 2023, but we want to see the Q4 print, the disposition of the backlog that will inform us better on the specifics in February around more detail from a segment and technology view.
Paul Chung: Got it. Appreciate that. And then to follow-up on free cash flow guide that kind of implies a record ramp here in 4Q. What are some risks here across working cap to hitting that guide and your visibility into cast flows and are you starting to see some component pricing even a bit helping in 2023? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Our Q4 cash flow call is supported by almost $900 million of higher sales in the second half; tremendous AR opportunity. We've had better linearity we did in Q3 and we'll have it again in Q4 anticipate so around getting products out the door sooner in the quarter such that they can turn to cash within the quarter, we call it quick turn. And then of course we are anticipating lower payments and slightly lower inventory to end the year. Half of our current elevated $1.157 billion inventory level, so we anticipate we had a good Q3 operating cash flow and we anticipate having another very good Q4 in getting to the 1,775 [ph] that we talked about during my portion of the call.
Paul Chung: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys, I appreciate it. Greg, you talk mentioned that the Airwave perhaps the appeals process, can you provide little color about what options actually Motorola will have if the CMA does is successful coming through with this proposal, adjustments for the Airwave?
Greg Brown: Yes. Thank you Keith. Again decision that came out was provisional. We don't expect a final decision until early next year. To your question, it's worth mentioning that after a final decision there is then a remedy implementation phase that actually takes a few more months to sort out what the final ruling is in terms of how to implement. I think, I think statutorily that has to be done no later than I think it's nine or 10 months after the final decision. So that takes time to do that. I told you that we are convicted in our position and while we are obviously going to continue to work with the CMA and the customer. We think the founding's in the provisional are unfounded and overreaching and unprecedented. By the way it's worth also mentioning there is a notation in the actual provisional decision that includes an potential invitation for the home office and us to agree to a different arrangement than what the CMA has proposed. That's explicit and referenced embedded in the provisional. We would certainly be open to that conversation, and so we'll see how things develop, but there's several more months to go here.
Keith Housum: Appreciate it. And then I'm going to actually get – I'll ask a different question from my follow-up if I could. The video surveillance going from 20% to 25% growth for the year, I goes could you guess by a bit of color about some of that strength there? Obviously it's been notable that some of your Chinese competitors are getting some more challenges, I guess, for lack of a better word around the country – around the world. Is that contributing to that growth?
Greg Brown: I think you were clipping in and out, but I think that the direction of your question is the kind of the inertia against some Chinese suppliers adding to our growth this year? I think the answer is yes, but actually it's kind of measured because remember under the NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act at the fed level it prohibits future procurement from Huawei, Hytera, Hikvision, Dahua, ZTE it is not a rip and replace. So I don't think there's the pop the clutch moment of big growth there, which is the same thing in terms of the NDAA provision around grant money. The other positive move that could help as a potential tailwind kind of circumstantially will be the Secure Equipment Act at the FCC level, which by the way could be as early as November, but it also could take more time. But if the FCC follows along the lines or contours of the NDAA, that could potentially prohibit in the case of LMR, Hytera procurement. And in the case of video security Hikvision and Dahua future procurement for the enterprise, that would be favorable. So clearly it’s a favorable trend, but – and I think it's a contributor but I don't think it's an overwhelming driver to the results we're printing to date.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: My final question comes from Jim Suva from Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. Education, you highlighted great on your comments, which is great to hear. Can you give us a little bit of insights about like percent of sales now versus an importantly outlook? It seems like that's a growing area. I mean, just recently our school PTA had a meeting talking about the situation of putting in technology and I actually recommended your type of products and – but it's a long discussion. And so can you talk about kind of the timeline there of what you're seeing? And the profitability, I assume continues to increase as certain other school districts start to seed solutions to other school districts. And it kind of starts to self market itself at some point, but the initial kickoff seems pretty hard? Thank you so much.
Greg Brown: Jim, you nailed it. It is a game of inertia, but just to di-mensionalize it, think of it as around 25% of our fixed video security and access control business. The one thing that we've been very thoughtful around the investments we've made not only organically, it started with the Avigilon and the investments we've made organically there, but the acquisitions by way of Ava and Openpath because what we're seeing, and as you pointed out, larger school districts may want an on-prem solution, and a lot of the money that are being directed now are actually at a private and smaller schools, and they might want a cloud-based solution. So we feel like we've got – obviously we've got the ability to meet the customers depending on their needs for where they are. In terms of growth rate, you've seen the print we have 33% growth. Education is growing in that category so it's roughly a quarter of our fixed video security business growing approximately 30% this year.
Jason Winkler: And this is also an area of investment as we further integrate all of our portfolio in and around Safer Schools. Mahesh, maybe you could talk about some of the things we're doing to integrate the portfolio, so to better position our portfolio to keep schools safe.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Introduced this program called Safety Reimagined not just long ago; and a key element – a technology element of Safety Reimagined was a solution called Orchestrate and one of the things that Orchestrate enables us to do is to really coordinate the detection capabilities of our AI enabled fixed cameras to actions that are possible within the school, including notifications to radios as well and all of this enables effective public private partnership even during a response timeframe. So when you put it all together it actually takes advantage of the entirety of the Motorola Solutions portfolio, and we are uniquely positioned to go in and solve specific problems for schools.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much for the details and congratulations.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll not turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Thank you very much. I appreciate everybody joining us Thursday afternoon. Look, I just want to summarize and just say thank you to everybody. Despite ongoing supply chain challenges, significant FX headwinds increasing inflation and the fed raising interest rates, despite all of that we continue to grow. We continue to grow based on volume and some pricing power. We're raising expectations on top and bottom for the full year. We've delivered on capital allocation strategy year-to-date investing more than $1.3 billion, but most importantly we continue to meet the needs of our customers. I mean, the environment is strong, exceptionally strong, strong funding, record orders, record backlog and while we're really proud of the Print, I'm also equally proud of that we're printing these results while still investing in the business and in the portfolio to differentiate ourselves accordingly. Like our position heading into 2023 and I am deeply grateful and thankful to everybody at Motorola Solutions. A hell of a quarter and by the way particularly all of those you – of you in Florida, the systems integration team, the services team during Hurricane Ian the strength of our LMR networks shown through but even more importantly the courage and the pride of our people showed through two time and time again. I'm grateful and I'm proud of you. Thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you again in a few months.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the internet within two hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website within 2 hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2022 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A.  We posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted.  A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2021 annual report on Form 10-K or any quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.  I'll turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thank you, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through the results and our outlook.  First, Q2 was exceptional across the board with revenue and earnings per share both coming in above our expectations. In Software and Services, revenue was up 11%, highlighted by strong software growth. And in Products and SI, continued record demand across both land mobile radio and video, led to 7% revenue growth and 17% orders growth, driving increased backlog.  Additionally, we ended the quarter with record Q2 backlog of $13.4 billion, up 19% versus last year, inclusive of approximately $500 million of unfavorable currency impact. Second, our portfolio and go-to-market investments are continuing to drive meaningful growth across all 3 technologies. During the quarter, revenue was up 21% in both video and command Center Software, and we saw record Q2 orders in both of those technologies as well. And in LMR, demand is growing for our high Tier P25 APX NEXT device with customers embracing its unique ability to offer the must-have reliability of LMR while seamlessly leveraging broadband features such as remote programming, network extension and location services.  And finally, based on our Q2 record ending backlog and continued strong operational execution, we're raising our full year guidance for both sales and earnings per share.  At this point, I'll turn it over to Jason, who will take you through our results and outlook and then return for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Revenue for the quarter was up 9% and above our guidance with record second quarter revenue in both segments. We saw strong growth across all 3 technologies, led by over 20% growth in both Video and Command Center Software. In LMR, which grew 5%, we were able to secure more critical parts, particularly later in the quarter, which enabled us to ship more product.  Acquisitions during the quarter added $34 million and FX headwinds were $44 million. GAAP operating earnings were $358 million, and operating margins were 16.7%. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $497 million, up $15 million or 3% from the year ago quarter, and non-GAAP operating margins were 23.2%, down from 24.4%. The decline in operating margins was due to the higher semiconductor costs we outlined on our prior calls related to acquiring critical supply in the secondary market, together with higher freight costs and higher operating expenses related to acquisitions, partially offset by higher sales.  GAAP earnings per share was $1.33 compared to $1.69 per share in the year ago quarter. The decrease was primarily due to a discrete tax benefit recognized in the prior year and higher direct material costs in the current year. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.07, flat versus last year. The higher sales and operating earnings generated in the current quarter were offset by the higher direct material costs I mentioned previously, along with higher operating expenses related to acquisitions.  OpEx in Q2 was $502 million, up $25 million, primarily due to acquisitions. Turning to cash flow. Q2 operating cash flow was $10 million compared with $388 million in the prior year, and free cash flow was a usage of $49 million compared to $326 million generated in the prior year. In Q2 and the first half of the year, our cash flow has been primarily impacted by 2 items: first, our planned investments in inventory to navigate the dynamic supply chain environment and position us to fulfill the record demand we're seeing in Video and LMR; second, higher employee incentive payments that were tied to 2021's performance and paid out this year.  We expect our cash flow conversion to accelerate in the second half, driven by higher profitability and a reduction in our current inventory levels in addition to the normal seasonality of our cash conversion. Capital allocation for Q2 included $162 million in share repurchases, $132 million in cash dividends and $59 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter, we closed the video acquisitions of Calipsa for $40 million and Videotec for $22 million. We also issued $600 million of long-term debt, used a portion of the proceeds to retire $275 million, resulting in approximately $320 million of incremental debt net of fees on our balance sheet.  In the Products and SI segment, we continue to see strong demand across both LMR and video. Sales during the quarter were up 7% versus last year and orders were up 17%, including record Q2 orders for both LMR and video. Revenue from acquisitions for this segment in the quarter was $14 million and currency headwinds were $19 million. Operating earnings for Products and SI were $188 million or 14.6%, down from 16.2% of sales in the prior year, driven primarily by the higher material costs and higher freight costs previously mentioned, partially offset by higher sales.  We continue to expect full year operating margins for this segment to be slightly higher than 2021 as the impact from pricing actions accelerates in the second half. Some notable Q2 wins and achievements in the segment include several large P25 orders in the U.S., including $32 million for a state of California agency, $27 million for Dutchess County, New York and $22 million order for the Georgia Department of Corrections. We also had a $26 million order for a P25 solution with LTE integration for an international customer, a $15 million TETRA order for a customer in Argentina. And finally, we received 2 large fixed video orders, a $9 million order for a customer in the health care vertical and an $8 million order for a large retail customer.  In the Software and Services segment, revenue was up 11%, with revenue from acquisitions of $20 million and currency headwinds of $25 million during the quarter. Total software revenue was up 25%, driven by strong demand in video and a large deployment in Command Center Software, while in LMR services, revenue was up 5%. Operating earnings in the segment were $309 million or 36.1% of sales, down 110 basis points from last year, driven by a change in year-over-year mix and higher M&A expenses, partially offset by higher sales.  We continue to expect segment operating margins for Software and Services for the full year to be comparable to last year, inclusive of the additional OpEx spend from our recent acquisitions. Some notable Q2 highlights in this segment include 2 large multiyear LMR service renewals, $43 million with the state of South Australia and $35 million with the state of Mississippi. We also had 3 large Command Center Softwares in the U.S. -- orders in the U.S., $35 million from a large metropolitan city, $14 million from the Los Angeles Police Department and $11 million from Frederick County, Maryland. We were also awarded an $8 million body-worn camera order from the Detroit Police Department.  Moving next to our regional results. North America Q2 revenue was $1.5 billion, up 13% on growth in all 3 technologies. International Q2 revenue was $656 million, flat versus last year, with growth in all 3 technologies, offset by unfavorable FX.  Moving to our backlog. Ending backlog was a record -- Q2 record of $13.4 billion, up 19% or $2.2 billion compared to last year, inclusive of approximately $500 million of unfavorable FX. The growth was driven by the Airwave extension recorded in the fourth quarter of '21 and increased demand across all 3 technologies. Sequentially, backlog was down $21 million, driven primarily by a $397 million movement in unfavorable FX and the quarterly revenue burn related to the Airwave and ESN contracts, partially offset by record Q2 orders in LMR products, video and Command Center Software.  In the Products and SI segment, continued robust order demand in both LMR and Video is driving record backlog, which was up $986 million or 30% compared to last year. Sequentially, backlog was up $206 million, which was our eighth consecutive quarter of sequential backlog growth in the products segment. Additionally, our product backlog increasingly reflects new pricing, which we expect to contribute to the profitability ramp for the second half.  In Software and Services, backlog was $1.2 billion compared to last year, driven also by the Airwave extension and a $380 million increase in multiyear services and software backlog in North America. Sequentially, backlog was down $227 million or 2%, driven primarily by unfavorable FX and revenue recognition for the Airwave and ESN contracts, partially offset by record second quarter orders in Command Center Software.  Turning next to our outlook. We expect Q3 sales to be up approximately 10%, with non-GAAP earnings per share between $2.85 and $2.90 per share. This assumes approximately $60 million of FX headwinds, a weighted average share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 20%. And for the full year, we are increasing both our revenue and EPS guidance. We now expect revenue growth of approximately 8%, up from our prior guidance of 7%, and we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $10.03 and $10.13 per share up from our prior guide of $9.80 to $9.95 per share. This updated guidance includes FX headwinds of approximately $170 million, a diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 21% to 21.5%.  Before I turn the call back to Greg, I would like to highlight some of the priorities we are driving for the remainder of the year. First, we remain focused on supply chain execution, both tactically and strategically, including rapid redesigns by our engineering teams to substitute to available semiconductors, alternatives, strategic inventory investments that we are making, securing high-demand discrete semiconductors from brokers when necessary and entering into long-term supply agreements where possible.  Second, our pricing actions across the portfolio have been effective to date, and we'll continue to look at pricing opportunities and maintain cost discipline as we manage through a higher cost environment. And finally, we are balancing the benefits of higher inventory with cash conversion, and we'll continue to optimize our working capital and balance sheet to drive increased cash flow in the second half.  I'll now turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Jason, thanks. I'd like to end with a few thoughts as we conclude this call. First, I'm really pleased with what we accomplished during the quarter. We achieved Q2 record sales, including 21% growth in both video and Command Center Software. We strengthened our video portfolio with the acquisitions of Calipsa, which brings us advanced cloud native video analytics, and Videotec, which broadens our ruggedized camera portfolio to serve the critical infrastructure market.  We had record Q2 product orders at higher prices, including our single largest quarter ever for PCR orders, and we ended the quarter with record Q2 ending backlog. The pricing actions we've taken to offset higher input costs position us well for margin expansion for the back half of this year.  Second, our investments in AI and cloud continue to drive robust software growth for the company. Customers like Greenville County schools in South Carolina depend on our video security and access control solution to help keep students safe. And the city of Houston is deploying more than 3,000 body-worn cameras with cloud-based evidence management to help provide greater accountability and transparency.  And with the acquisitions such as AVA Security and Calipsa, we're well positioned to accelerate the deployment of cloud video software solutions with customers around the world. And finally, as we enter the second half of this year, I am very encouraged by our momentum. The multiyear funding environment for our customers continues to be as strong as it's ever been, our solutions for both public safety and enterprise security have never been more important. Our strong execution has allowed us to effectively navigate this dynamic environment.  And finally, the resilience of our business, our durable cash flows and our strong balance sheet provide us with the flexibility to be opportunistic in our future deployment of capital.  And now I'll turn the call back over to Tim and welcome your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from George Notter of Jefferies.
George Notter: Congratulations on the strong results and backlog. I guess I wanted to ask about a comment you made about the funding environment. What's your perspective now on state and local government budgets? Obviously, many of those budgets began on July 1. Many of those budgets were reset looking forward. Just be curious on what your perspective is on the funding environment and how you're seeing those budgets?  And then also related to that is a question of ARPA. I'm wondering if you're seeing ARPA money right now. I think last quarter, you told us you were seeing a 3x improvement in the sales funnel. What does that look like right now? Any more detail you can provide would be great?
John Molloy: Sure, George. So when you think about state and local budgets, I mean, I think, first of all, we hear us say it time and time again, what we do, what we provide is a need to have, not a nice to have. But as it relates to the inflationary environment we're dealing in, self-funding alone for states, they're in a very beneficial period of time. Because if you look at it, they derive their budgets from personal income tax, from sales tax and from corporate income tax, all of which stand the benefit to drive more money into their coffers and thereby, improve their general fund situation.  So it's that piece of it. We also look at the second rail of this, and that's the monies that are being made available through ARPA. And I would just simply say that we've talked about it, it's generally beneficial, and we think it's a general tailwind. But the most important thing is it's not a 2022 phenomenon. It's one that's multiyear.  And in fact, these won't expire until 2024, and all likelihood we know is those will likely be extended. So you've heard Greg said it. I think he said in the script, but we're in a really unique situation because we are in a good funding environment. But I think it also is timely because we're going through product refresh investments. We're seeing that here in the United States with the APX NEXT platform. And later this year, we're going to be announcing the mid-tier APX NEXT devices, which we're really excited about.
Operator: The next question comes from Erik Lapinski of Morgan Stanley.
Erik Lapinski: Congrats on the quarter. Maybe just following up on the comment you just made on kind of LMR and the APX NEXT. Can you give us any update on just with some of the P25 deals you're seeing? What the uptake is of APX NEXT and some of those upgrades? Is it skewing towards being most? Or I guess, just legs on that cycle and how we should think about that?
John Molloy: Yes. So as I've said before, we're in the early innings of the P25 upgrade cycle. I used the baseball metaphor. And our -- I believe it was our February call in second inning, I think we're largely still in that period of time. But just a couple of updates, $190 million of orders. Interestingly, we're seeing a lot of interest from non-Motorola customers, and it's not only the better basics, the ergonomics and the audio performance of the APX NEXT, but it's really the Smart Connect.  And so what our customers saw during COVID, particularly people like health departments, was the capability to expand their coverage outside of the P25 networks. It's also things like smart mapping. We think about accountability, we think about officer and firefighter safety, location is paramount to that. And then we're also looking at messaging as we have more and more young officers in the field, they need ways, different modalities like text and video and the capability to share those. That type of data and they're using the LTE collaborative aspect of the APX NEXT.  So again, really excited. But I would note that we've -- the $190 million has all been targeted at the highest tier, which is the original APX NEXT with subsequent releases in the second half of this year with the mid-tier portfolio, which we're starting to engage in customer discussions on.
Gregory Brown: And Erik, the $190 million of orders is since the APX NEXT product was introduced, but I'd also add that just, in general, Q2 was a record for P25 public safety devices, which is more broad than APX NEXT as well. So APX NEXT continues to fire away. And just to -- I think the team did a superb job in product introduction. Molloy's team has sold it, but also more broadly beyond APX NEXT, Q2 was a record for 25 public safety orders, which I'm quite happy about as well.
Erik Lapinski: Awesome. If I could sneak in another one just on Command Center Software. You had a few larger deals there to this quarter. Just in terms of progress and maybe uptake of some of the cloud-based offerings you have there, were any of those upgrades more on cloud-based? And then did any maybe expand beyond the PSAP presence you have into other capabilities?
Mahesh Saptharishi: Yes. So maybe just a quick overview. Jason mentioned 2 specific deals, LVMPD, Frederick County. If you look at both of those, LVMPD was on-premises records deal, but really a hybrid element to it, and that was the CommandCentral Responder piece, which is really driven by mobile access to records information. We're seeing more and more of that, and that hybrid element was key to that particular deal.  With Frederick, we added CommandCentral Aware in addition to PremierOne CAD. Aware is a cloud hosted a SaaS solution for us. And Aware gives the county a single plane of glass to understand where unit locations are, both from radios and also from incident information. It is as Jack said previously location information being paramount -- accurate location information being paramount in that case. We continue to invest in our hybrid strategy. We're executing on our hybrid strategy.  And a key point there is that our SaaS growth rate is actually faster than the overall Command Center Software growth rate, which itself was quite strong in this quarter. And the last thing that I'll say is we're continuing to innovate and invest in innovations. And we had 2 significant firsts this quarter. One is, we introduced the world's first public safety Carplay application, one that we developed with Western Australia Police and with Apple. And the second is along with Prince Georges County in Maryland, we won the Thomas O'Reilly Innovation Award for being the first in the country to introduce location-based routing -- NENA i3 compliant location-based routing. So together, I think we are executing well on our hybrid strategy.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Tindle of Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: I just wanted to ask about them between calls, so hopefully it hasn't been asked. But Greg, could you maybe give us any updates on ESN and Airwave? In particular, if you could review any financial implications? I think there's significant differences in the different outcomes and probabilities based on what happens and just that might make sense to level set with investors?
Gregory Brown: Yes. I think things remain engaged and in progress, Adam, really. We are in close contact with the customer, in this case, the U.K. home office. We've maintained very close contact with the CMA and have regularly provided them with information over the last several weeks and months as we educate them on our role in both Airwave and ESN. As you've seen, the time line has been updated by the CMA panel, and they now expect a provisional decision in September with a final decision in December. And there's really not much more I can add at this point because I just don't know. I think it will play out in the back half of the year, but I think the engagement has been quite strong. And in the meantime, we continue to invest both in Airwave actively and providing that mission-critical service as well as ESN.
Adam Tindle: Got it. And maybe just as a follow-up. It looked like at a glance backlog trends remain very, very healthy. What does this say about elasticity in core products? I know you've been implementing some price increases understandably as your costs have increased. If you can maybe recap some of the price increases and talk about the elasticity that you're seeing given backlog trends, that would be helpful?
Jason Winkler: Sure. So when I think about the first half growth for the company, which is about 8%, the price contributions on the actions that Jack's sales team have implemented was less than half of the contributor to growth. And with the actions that Jack can describe, we will continue to do, we think it will be even more of an opportunity in the second half as most of the orders that come to us in the second half were not -- from a more recent backlog as opposed to aged pricing.
John Molloy: No, I think you're right. And the other piece of that is just -- it's one thing to raise the price. And I think one of the things that our team has done a really nice job at is actually discount management. And so an example, we've raised prices in all 3 sleeves, all 3 technology groups, but also we've ushered in price increases in our services business as well. And we're seeing net retention increases there as well. So we're really proud and pleased with the services team on that aspect as well.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum: Congratulations on a great quarter. I guess I just want to follow up on the supply chain. Much has been talked about the semiconductors and the $120 million will be spent through the end of the year. But can you talk about are there any other issues that have kind of popped up? Or are you guys looking to enter into 2023 is like a clean slate as you sit now?
Jason Winkler: Keith, $120 million you mentioned, which was our year-over-year expected increase largely for finding the semiconductor supply. We remain on target for that. It was a little higher than $100 million in the first half and might be a little higher than the $20 million in the second half. But as you know, with our increased guide, that's supporting a higher volume. So we're pleased with the allocation of that budget, if you will, to find semiconductors, which sometimes come into premium, I should note that that's not our primary method.  Our primary method is the rapid redesigns that our engineering teams are doing, and they're finding available alternatives if the part is constrained. And they're doing an amazing job there. We'll continue to look at that inventory investments and long-term supply agreements. So generally, it remains -- semiconductor is our largest-gated item, particularly in LMR.
Keith Housum: Great. Appreciate it. This is a follow-up. In terms of the backlog, backlog has been record numbers for a while now, and this is impressive growth. But are we looking at an apples-to-apples comparison? Or is the backlog getting older in terms of the contracts that you're entering into are getting longer? Is there an apple-to-apples comparison we need to go through?
Jason Winkler: The duration of the backlog, if that's what you're getting at, Keith, is largely consistent with where we've been over time. if anything, the products backlog, which we continue to print sequential increases in, tends to be, as you know, a more quicker turning than the associated software and services. So we're pleased with the backlog growth in both segments. And it continues -- product's backlog increases continues even with some price increases that customers are accepting and value our products.
Operator: Next question comes from Fahad Najam of Loop Capital.
Fahad Najam: Greg, in the 8 years that I've been listening to you on the earnings call, I think I was -- I feel like you sounded the most confident and positive that I've ever heard us. So am I correct in my understanding? And if it is, can you just walk me through what is driving your confidence and your positive look in terms of your top drivers?
Gregory Brown: Yes, Fahad, thanks for the question. I'm smiling because -- and we were talking about it, we have been talking about it. The fact of the matter is this is as good in an environment as I've seen. And I don't mean that just externally, as Jack and Jason have talked about multiyear funding here, particularly in North America, for state and local customers and at the federal level, but it's the position of the firm overall.  Demand is extremely high for public safety and enterprise security. We also see, at the same time, concerns, which I think are legitimate around deploying Chinese equipment in critical infrastructure or highly confidential or secure areas. Backlog is at record levels. Product backlog, as we talked about in Q2. Orders were 17% against the revenue print of 7%. So we're building it.  Jason just mentioned that the backlog comparison is largely apples-to-apples. We're performing and raising the full year from approximately 7% to 8% against continued FX headwinds. We're managing difficult semiconductor supply chain environment. And while it's very modestly better, I think the tip of the hat goes to the supply chain, financial and operational teams here at Motorola that are learning to do product redesign and manage inventory in a way that's constructive and productive to meet demand.  I love the deployment of capital that we've done. Organically, where Jack and Mahesh continue to emphasize innovation and move things to the cloud and do product refresh on devices. We've made, I think, pretty thoughtful and accretive and strategically important acquisitions, and our addressable market continues to grow as well. So when I look at execution, when I look at demand, when I look at R&D, when I look at innovation, when I look at multiyear funding, when I look at the overall factors that I think contribute enable and facilitate demand for our product, it's quite strong.  And as a final note, the ability for us to demonstrate multiple price increases and still grow backlog and still drive robust revenue growth speaks to the criticality of what we do and the ability for our customers to absorb that and our ability to pass on higher input costs. So it is a very good environment. It's why we beat both top and bottom in Q2, why we're raising the full year and why I feel very good about the momentum in the back half.
Fahad Najam: That's really insightful. So how does that translate into your model? Because last time when you gave up your long-term model, it was 9%, 10%. Clearly, you're exceeding that now. So what are you thinking about your new model?
Gregory Brown: No, I -- we were talking about that. I gave 9% and 10% in 2021, obviously, because I believed in it, we had COVID. COVID delayed things for a year, but here we are. We're not going to talk about any long-term model, Fahad, at this point, but we still believe that the product segment will grow mid-single digits, although our increase for the year from 7% to 8% is largely LMR and video. So actually, that increase from a segment standpoint is primarily in the product.  So it's maybe mid-single digits, nudging slightly higher. We still believe Software and Services will be approximately 10%. We agree with the -- we still are maintaining the guidance on the 3 technologies: LMR, mid-single digits; video security, approximately 20%; Command Center Software, low double digits as we continue to contribute to backlog and we like the momentum in the back half, I think it positions us well as we head into 2023. As we print more of the year and get more execution behind us, we'll update you accordingly on future thoughts for 2023 and beyond.
Operator: The next question comes from Sami Badri from Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri: First, congrats on the quarter. I'm not sure many people are actually expecting an increase on the top line. But presenting the question that I had for you guys is, I wanted to know within products and systems integration. If we were just to look at radios and radio handsets, have you been prioritizing LMR public safety over PCR? Have you managed to ship and prioritize both essentially at the same level, right? Trying to get an idea on just mix. And then maybe just a clarification. Did you say that PCR is growing mid-single digits to slightly better in 2022? Or if you didn't actually clarify that, maybe you could just clarify it now?
Gregory Brown: Yes, Sami, I'll take the second one first. The product segment color is to continue to grow Product and SI at mid-single digit, maybe a little bit higher than that because the flow-through is in that segment. For PCR, last quarter, we said it would grow mid-single digit. We now expect it to grow at 10% or even slightly higher for the full year, given the strong performance in Q2 that will flow through in the back half.
Jason Winkler: And Sami, to answer your question on prioritization and balance, we continue to be focused on public safety. Q1, we have prioritized public safety. In Q2, with some of the breakthroughs the team was able to make around supply, we were able to fulfill more demand for PCR in Q2 and grew at double digits. So in Q2, given the supply environment, we were able to fulfill both public safety and PCR.
Sami Badri: Got it. And then I was hoping we could hear from Jack a little bit on body-worn camera and dash cam regarding license plate reading and some of the other kind of features that you guys have released. Can you give us an update on market share momentum? What's really going on from that side?
John Molloy: Sure, Sami. So as it relates to Q2, our orders were up 13%. I think when you can textualize that over the fact that 13% over the previous quarter, that was up 80%, 8-0 percent, the previous year. We think we had a relatively strong order. You heard Jason reference the Detroit PD win. And I think that's a test point to what we've been saying is that the market wants an alternative.  I think the other piece of it is we're starting to see, late last year, we came out with as a service offer, and we're seeing an acceleration in our customers wanting to choose cloud. We've said before and I said at the end of 2021, we doubled our orders. We knew the market didn't grow that fast. We knew we took share in 2021.  I'd simply say for the first half of this year, given our performance kind of in the mid-teens growth over 68% and 80% orders growth comps, we think we're performing relatively well. And as I said, we think we're a very viable alternative in the marketplace right now.
Sami Badri: I have one quick one for Jason. Sorry, go ahead.
Mahesh Saptharishi: Just on the technology investments side that you also asked about, we continue to invest in a closer integration between our body-warn cameras and our radios as well, specifically with APX and APX NEXT devices. So for example, if you press the emergency button on an APX or an APX NEXT radio, it turns on recording as an option as well. And there are more features there to come as well.  This quarter, we also released live streaming capability going from the V300s and our in-car video solution to Aware. And Aware also integrates real-time location information from our APX and APX NEXT radios. So location information coming from both body-worn cameras and our radios together gives accurate information, again, location being a key necessity for our customers.  And lastly, we also introduced new advanced AI-driven reduction capability to CommandCentral evidence, which is a key capability that our customers have been asking for. And I think we're very proud of what we were able to put in.  Q2 also was our first shipping quarter for our M500 solution. The M500 started shipping in February of this year. We have seen great growth in the M500.  And just as a reminder, we released the M500 with 2 key AI capabilities, ALPR being one of them, and backseat passenger analytics being the second. This is a true AI platform, the M500 is, and we're going to be introducing more capabilities we have firmware upgrade into that platform as well. We think there's great potential there.
Sami Badri: Jason, one quick one on your FX guidance -- your FX headwind guidance for the year. Is that including international currencies improve relative to the U.S. dollar? Or does that assume everything equal from this point forward on FX rates?
Jason Winkler: Current spot rates going forward relative to last year. So the $170 million of headwinds on the year is about consistent with where it was the last quarter we were together. It's certainly been volatile. But today, it's at approximately $170 million of top line degradation related to FX this year.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Silverstein of Cowen.
Paul Silverstein: One clarification. What was the level of PCR in the quarter? And can you remind us -- I think it peaked out at $1 billion before the pandemic hit. But can you remind us of where you're at in the recovery of that business?
Jason Winkler: For Q2, Paul, PCR revenue growth was 15%.
Gregory Brown: And it's base last year, Paul, was $800-and-something million. And so it's on -- as we told you earlier, 10%, maybe slightly higher this year, which will put it still short of the 2019 reference point you just made.
Paul Silverstein: All right. So the real question is -- I'm sorry, go ahead.
John Molloy: Paul, I was just going to add one other point is that Q2 was a record orders quarter for PCR as well.
Gregory Brown: Exactly.
Paul Silverstein: Okay. And notwithstanding the macro, obviously, it sounds like the business has been given all the different variables that seem to be so positive, where is the greatest opportunity for greatest improvement from here going forward over the next 12 to 36 months? And in connection with that, I saw was not able to pay you cash in respect of the litigation. Where does that -- are they being effectively shut out of the market? Where does that go from here? And finally, where is video penetration and in the public sector?
Gregory Brown: Well, let's start with Hytera. I'm kind of not surprised that they missed the deadline, the court order deadline to pay cash into escrow by July 31. They've had a pattern of denied, deflect, distract and no action. They owe us about $680 million all in. By the way, the guidance and color we give you on the full year of 2022 and cash and cash flow assume nothing from Hytera.  We filed a motion this morning that they are in contempt of court. And we'll see what the judge rules and remedies -- further remedies that they apply, but I can't say I'm particularly surprised.
John Molloy: Paul, I think you had a question as well on video, and I would just simply say that, our video and access control business is growing approximately 20% this year in 2022. We continue to invest in the portfolio extensively, both by way of our edge devices or camera. But also in the -- on our software and analytics side of the things, cloud and mobile become increasingly important when you think about our 3 big acquisitions: Openpath, who has fundamentally changed the game for us in the access control market; Ava and Calipsa as well.  The AI that Calipsa bring and its ability to proliferate into our Pelco camera line is also a game changer. And I think you asked a question about verticals. But when we think about our top verticals, it's really government, education, health care and commercial. If you remember, when we acquired Avigilon in February of 2018, their government business was nascent. And now it's one of our top ones. And we think that's the benefit of the scale and the revenue synergies that our sales force around the globe has been able to bring.
Paul Silverstein: Okay. The real question was, I assume it's still preciously early in the government, public sector in terms of video penetration.
John Molloy: Yes. So I think we talked about, first of all, just a baseline and government, it's early days. But to eventualize that business, it's approximately $430 million is our expectation this year. Think of that as 2/3 mobile video, 1/3 fixed video.
Operator: Next question comes from Louie DiPalma of William Blair.
Michael DiPalma: Greg, on previous calls, you referenced how you are seeing robust demand from the education vertical. Is demand from education customers for your artificial intelligence solutions getting even stronger with this exceptionally strong guidance for this upcoming school year following several different security incidents nationwide?
Gregory Brown: Yes, Louie, Education has been a very key vertical, along with government for fixed video and access control. It has been and continues to be because of what you referenced the need for video security, perimeter detection, anomaly detection, access control, automation alerts. And I think that the demand for that broad portfolio continues to be strong and maybe perhaps is even getting stronger. And I don't know if Jack or Mahesh want to complement on that as well.
John Molloy: Greg, I think you hit it. The other one is we made a significant investment to evolve technologies. And I would say stadiums and schools are the big driver for concealed weapons detection. We know the horrific things that happened at Uvalde just earlier in the summer. And I think that's driving a converged experience to make sure that they've got the video and access control, but they also have a way to temper and test for weapons as they approach campus as well.
Jason Winkler: The other point I'd make is that our Q2 results and our increased guide for the year were driven largely by our expectations for LMR, which is about 2/3 of the increase in video and then the other 1/3, both of which are serving education and many other verticals.
Michael DiPalma: And for Jack, these past 2 quarters, it appears that you won your 2 largest Command Center Software orders in company history. And I think you mentioned in a prior answer that you are seeing traction with hybrid deployments on-premise and the cloud. Were any of your recent orders for your next-gen 911 solution and your 911 call taking and CAD solution in the cloud? Or are these more for your traditional modules that you're seeing the success?
Mahesh Saptharishi: This is Mahesh. I'd say that there's still stronger demand for the on-premises solution for 911 and CAD. Availability and reliability being some key factors that are involved there. That said, our call handling solutions combined with our heavy investment in smart transcription, which is a cloud-hosted AI solution; Citizen Input, which is also a cloud-hosted way of allowing citizens to have over-the-top video input and text input into PSAP as well for call handling, we're seeing significant traction in that space.  On CAD, hybrid capabilities become very important. We are seeing Aware -- CommandCentral Aware frequently attached with our CAD sales. And the other thing is emphasis on mobile. For LAPD, I mentioned CommandCentral Responder. The need for smartphone access to information in the field is becoming more and more important. And CommandCentral Responder, along with its many capabilities, really complements both our on-premise CAD and record solutions as well. So we see that hybrid really driving adoption for the key features that are best delivered in the cloud, along with the high available solutions that our 911 and CAD customers want.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Chung of JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just on the guide, how do we think about kind of the gross margin ramp in the second half? Do you still expect to be kind of flat for the year? And then same kind of question on OpEx. I may have missed it, but still up kind of $100 million for the year. And then as we think about '23, how much of kind of the gross margin pressure this year do you see as somewhat temporary in your expectations of how those margins rebound and particularly in the first half? You also have some benefits from price increases as well and how that kind of factors in? Just your early thoughts on '23.
Jason Winkler: Well, I'll start with the biggest driver of our gross margin trend this year is the higher semiconductor costs year-over-year. We had planned for about $100 million of year-over-year increase, which you're seeing in the P&L through the first half. It was actually a little higher than that. And we had planned for $20 million of incremental year-over-year cost for semiconductors in the second half, it will probably be slightly higher than that, given the higher volumes that we just guided to.  So those items, again, are related to us paying a premium for semiconductors that aren't available from primary sources. So as the semiconductor market stabilizes, normalizes, there's opportunity on that as we continue to get more and more supply into the future directly from the manufacturers, which is something we're working on.  In terms of gross margin trend, for the year, yes. The second half will be certainly better, and we'll get to approximately similar and OE slightly up for the year, which will cover the $100 million of OpEx, you're right, of increase that we're expecting for the year-over-year, $75 million of which from the OpEx side is related to M&A. So that's how to think about it from a P&L perspective.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on video. You're seeing some relative strength in the Software and Services for quite some time. So talk about the demand trends and specific solutions you're kind of most excited about? And how do we think about that relative pace as we look further out?
John Molloy: Yes. Paul, I think so we've talked about we expect 20% for fixed video and really for the video segment as well, approximately 20% for the full year. We've dimensionalized some of the verticals. We're having some success. I think it's a story about cloud, mobile analytics.  The other piece of it that we probably didn't talk are some of the vertical specific things that we're doing. We acquired a company called Envision. That gives us a space into quick-service retail. And investments like that as well as cloud put us on a path where we're starting to build a recurring revenue business within our video security segment as well, which is exciting.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Suva of Citigroup.
James Suva: Congratulations to you and your team. Greg, when we think about strategy, and you mentioned you had your biggest LMR contract ever, which is great. Are you now at a point where the majority of your new wins are including multiple cross-sell Motorola Solutions, product solutions, services, command centers and things like that? Or are we still at the very early part of not much is be connected? That was kind of my strategy question.  Then for finance -- Chief Financial Officer question. Did you say how much impacted gross margins decommits or go into a broker market was for components? And I assume when you get these big contracts, you're securing the parts right away, so you don't have future price escalation as chip companies have increased pricing?
Gregory Brown: Well, on the first part, Jim, I think we're in the early innings overall. I mean you take a step back and think about this firm and our addressable market now given the industries we play in and the acquisitions we've made, it's just under $50 billion. And the guidance this year for full year informs approximately 9%. So there's a lot of room to run here.  While we are growing fixed video and access control at 20%, we are not the leader yet, either globally or in North America. And I think there's every opportunity for us to continue to take share and make up ground given the width and breadth of the portfolio, which I believe from an industry standpoint is unmatched. Our ability to play in fixed video and mobile video, layer on analytics, license plate recognition and all the things that Mahesh and the technical team are doing an artificial intelligence.  On LMR, the installed base gets larger. You think about roughly 13,000 different LMR networks, by which we fill the footprint of infrastructure, sell devices, monetize services, upsell, refresh the device portfolio, integrate LTE into LMR for network extension and software over-the-air reprogramming and location services. And then all the things Mahesh is doing in Command Center Software, which is premises-based, cloud-based, hybrid and the overall backdrop of more and more criticality around public safety, enterprise security and not having key China vendors in any of that critical infrastructure, I think there's a lot of opportunity in front of us.
John Molloy: The only thing I'd add, Greg, is I think, Jim, I think I heard you ask a question on cross-sell. It's very important. We've attacked that by way of sales specific incentives around Command Center Software around fixed and mobile video as well. Our North America sales leader, Jim, here is, has come up with -- first of all, we have a tool, a 3-dimensional tool by account that gives us kind of the lay of the land where we're doing well and where we're not and where we should focus our time. And we've inserted a sales around specific technology escalators. And that, I think, served us fairly well.
Jason Winkler: And Jim, to answer your question on securing semiconductor components, we're doing so in many different ways, directly from the manufacturer through us and purchase orders all the way through long-term supply agreements. And then finally, brokers when necessary, and therefore, have a constant flow of parts. I think it's important to note that Motorola and our engineering abilities, over 40% of our company are engineers. And we continually give them challenges, including if a part we know to be in constraint, they are helping find alternatives. And that alternative, then the supply chain organization can go out and procure. So it's a constant battle, and we're proud of the way the teams are collaborating and working through the environment.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any additional comments or closing remarks.
Gregory Brown: Yes. Thank you, everybody. Most especially, thank you for all the Motorolans on the call and listening. Exceptional performance, couldn't be more proud of you. I'm proud of this company, proud of you and proud of the purpose that we serve. I think -- look, I think these results amplify and reinforce the criticality of public safety and enterprise security and the fact that in this environment, quite frankly, it's never been more important.  I want to add to something Jason just said and tip my hat to everybody involved on supply chain execution and navigating this very dynamic environment. I do think part of the overperformance in Q2 and what we're passing on for the full year is strong execution in supply chain. I think it's largely done by the engineers that Jason referenced and others on product redesign, surgical acquisition of inventory, appropriate purchases in the open market for broker parts and a modestly slightly better environment in Q2.  But the supply chain, specifically semiconductor environment remains challenging. Having said all that, there's more work to be done, but I do like our position and I like our momentum for the second half. We have to continue to execute.  I appreciate you listening, and I look forward to talking to you and joining you in a few months. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet within two hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a webcast replay of this call will be available on our website approximately two hours after the conclusion of this call. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. All participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. You’ll have an opportunity to ask questions after today’s presentation. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to pass the conference over to Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, may begin your conference. 
Tim Yocum: Welcome to our 2022 first quarter earnings call. With me today are, Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results, along with commentary and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A.  We posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call we reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during the during the conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook.  First, I'm really pleased with our strong start to the year, as we achieved sales and earnings per share above our guidance in spite of the challenging macroeconomic and supply chain environment that we continue to navigate. During the quarter we saw a record Q1 orders and record Q1 sales, highlighted by our video security and access control business, which grew 21% in revenue with even higher growth in orders. We also finished the quarter with a record Q1 ending backlog of $13.4 billion, up 19% versus last year.  Second, we continue to see strong demand across all three technologies, driven in part by a robust funding environment for our customers. In land mobile radio, we're seeing continued investment in regional, statewide and even countrywide networks that further reinforces the longevity and criticality of this technology. And in our higher growth areas of video and command center software, our investments in cloud and artificial intelligence are differentiating us from our competitors. Total software revenue was up 17% during the quarter, including 28% growth in software for our video security and access control business and 9% growth in command center software.  And finally, our expectation for full-year guidance remains unchanged. As the years progressed -- as this year has progressed, we've seen incremental headwinds related to higher freight costs, a stronger dollar and the dilutive impact to be Ava Security acquisition. However, these headwinds are being offset by further pricing actions, stronger demand, favorable mix and targeted cost reductions.  I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts. 
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Greg. Our Q1 results included revenue of $1.9 billion, up 7% and above our guidance, driven primarily by better than anticipated supply for LMR. Revenue from acquisitions was $17 million and currency headwinds were $18 million. GAAP operating earnings of $239 million and operating margins of 12.6% compared to 16.8% of sales in the year ago quarter.  Non-GAAP operating earnings of $374 million, down $37 million or 9% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margins of 19.8% of sales, down from 23%. This decline in operating earnings was primarily due to the $50 million of higher semiconductor costs that we outlined on our last call, related to the acquiring critical supply in the secondary market for semiconductors. Additionally, we saw higher freight costs driven by elevated air freight rates and higher operating expenses related to acquisitions, partially offset by higher sales.  GAAP earnings per share of $1.54 compared to $1.41 in the year ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to a deferred tax benefit in the current quarter related to the reorganization of intellectual property. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.70 per share compared to a $1.87 last year, a decrease primarily due to the operating earnings impact I described related to higher semiconductor and freight costs and increased operating expenses from acquisitions, partially offset by higher sales and a lower tax rate. OpEx in Q1 was $492 million, up $37 million versus last year, primarily due to higher expenses related to M&A, investments in video and higher selling costs commensurate with our higher sales.  Turning next to cash flow. Q1 operating cash flow was $152 million, compared with $370 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $98 million compared to $318 million in the prior year. The decrease in cash flow was primarily due to our planned increase in inventory as we invest to meet the strong product demand we're seeing from our customers in video and LMR.  Capital allocation for Q1 included $493 million in share repurchases, $134 million paid in cash dividends and $54 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter we closed the acquisitions of Ava Security for $387 million and TETRA Ireland for $120 million. And subsequent to quarter end, we acquired Calipsa, a leader in cloud-based advanced video analytics for $40 million. And just earlier today, we announced the acquisition of Videotec, a global supplier of pan-tilt-zoom and explosion proof cameras for $22 million. Videotec enhances our portfolio of NDAA compliant fixed video cameras.  Moving next to our segment results. Q1 Products and System Integration sales were $1.1 billion, up 9%, driven by anticipated strong growth in video and better supply availability in LMR. Revenue acquisition from acquisitions in the quarter was $7 million and currency headwinds were $8 million. Operating earnings were $96 million or 8.7% of sales, down from 12.9% in the prior year, driven by the $50 million of higher semiconductor costs and higher freight costs previously mentioned, partially offset by higher sales.  Some notable Q1 wins and achievements in this segment include an over $60 million nationwide P25 order for Taiwan National Police, $20 million of P25 upgrade orders for Los Angeles, Unified School District, a $14 million TETRA upgrade for the Israeli railways, $11 million P25 expansion for a large US customer and a $5 million video order for a large US public school system.  Moving next to our Software and Services segment. Q1 revenue was $789 million, up 4% from last year. Revenue from acquisitions was $10 million and currency headwinds were also $10 million. Growth in this segment was driven by video security and command center software, while LMR services was approximately flat as expected due to the impact of a tough comp related to customers P25 system upgrades that were concentrated in the first quarter of 2021 due to the COVID delays throughout 2020 and the impact of unfavorable FX.  Operating earnings were $278 million or 35% of sales, down 170 basis points from last year, driven by a change in year-over-year mix and higher M&A operating expenses, partially offset by higher sales. For the full year we still expect software and services revenue growth of 10% and we expect operating margins that are comparable to last year with the dilutive impact of recent M&A offset by pricing and improved operating leverage.  Some notable Q1 highlights in this segment include $27 million command center software order for a customer in Latin America, a $20 million US federal multi-year service contract orders, $8 million command center software record management order for the City of Phoenix and an $8 million services agreement with the City of Chicago. During the quarter, we grew our video security and access control software revenue by 28%. And subsequent to the quarter end, we launched the Public Safety Threat Alliance, a cybersecurity information sharing and intelligence hub for the public safety community.  Looking next at our regional results. North America Q1 revenue was $1.3 billion, up 10% and growth across all three technologies. International Q1 revenue was $587 million, flat versus last year with growth in video security and command center software, offset by a decline in LMR due to FX. We saw growth in Latin America and Asia-Pac, while Europe was slightly down, primarily due to FX.  Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a Q1 record of $13.4 billion, up 19% or $2.1 billion compared to last year, driven by the Airwave extension recorded in the fourth quarter of ‘21 and increased demand across all three technologies. Sequentially backlog was down $115 million driven primarily by the Airwave and ESN revenue burn during the quarter, partially offset by growth in LMR and video products.  Software and -- Software and Services backlog was up $1.3 billion compared to last year, driven by the Airwave extension and a $320 million increase in multiyear services and software backlog in North America. Sequentially backlog was down $221 million or 2%, driven primarily by revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN during the quarter and typical order seasonality in North America. Products and SI backlog was $852 million compared to last year and up $106 million sequentially, driven primarily by strong LMR and video demand in both regions.  We entered the year with a record backlog position and approximately $2.2 billion of our beginning backlog in the product segment was scheduled to be delivered in 2022 with over two-thirds of this amount expected to be delivered in the first half. We saw continued strong demand for new orders during the quarter with a record Q1 orders total that included comprehensive pricing actions we implemented across our portfolio in January. We expect these new orders at higher prices together with higher volumes in the second half to lead to a significant profitability ramp throughout the year.  Turning to our outlook. We expect Q2 sales to be up between 4% and 5% with non-GAAP EPS between $1.83 and $1.88 per share. This assumes approximately $50 million of FX headwinds, a diluted share count of approximately 173 million shares and an effective tax rate of 22% to 23%. It also includes $50 million of year-over-year increased cost that we described on our last earnings call related to elevated material cost for semiconductor supply from secondary markets.  For the full year, we are maintaining our prior revenue guidance of 7% growth and non-GAAP EPS guidance between $9.80 and $9.95 per share despite the significant strengthening of the US dollar since our last call. We now expect FX to be a headwind of $170 million for the year, up $110 million from our prior guidance. This outlook now assumes a diluted share count of approximately 173 million shares based on the timing of our share repurchases in the year and an effective tax rate of 21% to 21.5%.  Additionally, our full year operating cash flow guidance for approximately $1.9 billion and full year OpEx expectations of approximately $100 million increase over last year are also unchanged, inclusive of the new acquisitions we announced, offset by targeted reductions we're making.  Before I turn the call back to Greg I wanted to reiterate some of the proactive measures we've been taking to navigate this dynamic environment. First, amid strong demand we've taken further pricing actions across various parts of our portfolio, which we expect to benefit our second half of the year. We remain cost disciplined with targeted OpEx cost planned, while funding our recent acquisitions. We are strategically investing in inventory to maximize the parts availability to fulfill the strong demand that we're seeing. And finally, we continue to be good stewards of capital, maintaining a strong balance sheet to be opportunistic and deploying capital on acquisitions and shareholder returns.  I would now like to turn the call back to Greg. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Jason. I thought I would end with a few thoughts on the business. First, business remains really strong despite the ongoing macroeconomic and semiconductor challenges. We had record Q1 orders and sales that drove results above our expectations. We ended the quarter with our highest Q1 ending backlog ever and our higher growth businesses in video security and command center software continue to grow at a multiple of their overall markets.  Second, our healthy balance sheet and durable cash flow provides us with the flexibility to be opportunistic in our deployment of capital. During the quarter we closed two additional acquisitions I'm excited about TETRA Ireland, the provider of Ireland's nationwide digital radio service for first responders is a business. We've had our eye on for a while actually and it adds to our strong LMR managed services business, and Ava Security, a scalable, secure and flexible cloud solution provides customers with the benefits of an enterprise grade video security solution, while minimizing the physical footprint of their security infrastructure. Ava complements our on-prem offerings in fixed video security and provides us with the flexibility to meet our customers where they are with options for both cloud or on-prem solutions.  And finally, while the macroeconomic environment remains turbulent, I like our position. We're a leader in the markets we serve. We provide need to have solutions that are critical for customers. We continue to invest heavily in R&D, and all of this provides us with the ability to take continued pricing actions to manage higher cost pressures. Additionally, we have strong predictable cash flows that allows us to continue to invest in our growth businesses, while simultaneously returning capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tim. 
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question. 
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. The first question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open. 
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, guys. I appreciate the opportunity here. It sounds like you guys have been able to navigate the supply chain challenges fairly well. I know you got $50 million in extra cost for the first quarter, but can you guys talk about the supply visibility into supply for the rest of the year. Obviously, there have been a lot of upheaval, things going on at Shanghai recently, but any updated thoughts on where supply chain stands today? 
Gregory Brown: Hey, Keith. I think our view of supply chain is, it's pretty much unchanged from where it was a quarter ago. It's still very challenging, we go through week by week negotiations and discussions with critical suppliers on allocations. On the good news side, I think we were more successful in Q1 getting some critical parts sooner than expected. And I think that drove an informed our over performance in Q1. The overall environment around semiconductor constraints remains challenging. I think, Keith, realistically we expect those challenges to exist throughout the rest of 2022. 
Jason Winkler: And Keith, you mentioned the %50 million in Q1, it's another $50 million in Q2. So as we set out the year and described in the last call $100 million is elevated cost that we're incurring to buy these parts at a premium in the first half, but the second half is only $20 million, that's in part driven by the elevated costs that we faced last year with comp. But secondly, in terms of our supply and what our teams are doing to increase the number of substitutable parts, the engineering and quality teams are doing a good job in finding alternative parts and doing well in that. And we've also shifted to air as our primary means of freight, that's what's elevating our freight costs a little bit to get the parts in a timely fashion. 
Gregory Brown: [Multiple Speakers] semiconductor constraint is largely unchanged. As Jason dimensionalize although freight is incrementally gotten worse as we shift more ocean to air and the overall cost is higher than was anticipated on our last call, but anticipated and included in our full year guidance. 
Keith Housum: Got you. Just as a follow-up, you guys had a really strong first quarter for bookings, is there the capability -- despite the challenges are you able to get enough supply to get over and above your guidance if the demand was there? 
Gregory Brown: Our guidance for the quarter and the year is compilation of the demand and the match to the supply that we have and foresee in terms of delivery. So nothing has changed there. We overperformed in Q1, largely because we were able to get the supply and allocate it purposely to parts of the portfolio, like public safety that are important to customers, they also happen to have slightly higher ASPs. 
Keith Housum: Got you. Thanks guys. Good luck. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Keith. 
Operator: Thank you, Keith. The next question is from the line of George Notter with Jefferies. You may proceed. 
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to just quiz you on the full year guidance. You're keeping the 7%, but it seems like there is a lot of moving parts in there. And I'm just wondering how it all kind of nets out. So you have $110 million of additional FX headwinds, you've got a bunch of new M&A deals in here, pricing has gone up. I guess I'm wondering what it looks like when you kind of peel all that back? Is your guidance better or worse than maybe you thought three months ago? 
Jason Winkler: You mentioned $110 million I FX, that's absolutely correct. The incremental M&A that's -- that we've acquired since we last talked is $60 million. Additionally – 
Gregory Brown: Of net new revenue in the period. 
Jason Winkler: Additionally, in terms of -- you mentioned price, we're absolutely looking at that and have made some changes across the portfolio. And the third item is, favorable mix. So what we -- where we prioritize and allocate our supply to. 
Gregory Brown: We acquired Ava and Ava is about $0.10 dilutive to EPS for the full year. So net-net, we've got incremental headwinds as you talked about George of FX, incremental headwinds with freight, some M&A higher costs than our last call. But that's balanced out by favorable mix, particularly as we index toward higher tier shipments. We continue to take pricing actions. I think tax rate will be a little bit better and share count will be lower. So all in all -- and by the way, at the end of the day I think demand is as strong or maybe even stronger today than it was back in February. 
George Notter: Got it. And then just continuing on that. Could you give us a sense for the magnitude of the pricing increases and I think you said January was the time you institutes those. Is that correct? And then, when do you think those will be fully in the model? 
Jason Winkler: So we've been looking at price for a number of quarters, the most recent ones where January. I mentioned on the call that the backlog that we began the year with was $2.2 billion, that's largely going to fuel the first half. So the orders January onwards are going to fuel the second half and that's where our most recent pricing actions are. When I think about products, the segment in terms of what's driving the growth we expect this year for our product segment of mid-single digit growth. Within LMR the driver is largely price and mix favorability. And then within video, which is the higher growth part, it's price and volume that are driving the growth we expect there. 
George Notter: Got it. All right. Super. Thank you very much. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, George. 
Operator: Thank you, George. The next question is from the line of Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Your line is now open. Paul, please check the issue, you are now muted. 
Paul Silverstein: My apologies. Guys, I apologize if you answered this in your prepared remarks, but with the improvement in some of your key sectors in your professional inter-PCR business. Are you seeing that translates to an improved outlook. Hospitality has obviously improved significantly, oil and gas prices are up, albeit I'm not sure how much that's improved that industry, but are you seeing any improvement there? 
Gregory Brown: So with PCR, we expect it to grow this year mid-single digits. it was flat in Q1. The demand for PCR is very robust, the limiting or gating item is supply around PCR. So Jack, if you want to talk about markets. 
John Molloy: Paul, I think that -- the two markets that we've seen the most profound rebound kind of post COVID have been air transportation and hospitalities. I think the next to follow will be commercial real estate as we get people back to work in major cities. We're starting to see upgrade even in our building. We'll see upgrades on the communications front there, but it's really been air and hospitality this year. 
Paul Silverstein: Yeah. For my follow-up, I appreciate you just increased prices, but everybody is citing stepped up component costs, any thoughts you can share on longer-term margins where they go and in what timeframe on the gross line. 
Gregory Brown: Sure. So headline inflation we’re navigating it like all companies and have been planning for a significant inflation number that we've been seeing. We have two cost inflation items that we believe are temporal. One, we're paying a premium for semiconductors that aren't available directly from the manufacturer and getting them through alternative secondary markets, that's a $120 million that is in the P&L this year as we get after that critical supply. Secondly, the freight levels that we're incurring this year, also air rates are frankly high, they got higher after the Ukraine invasion and they remain high. So those are two temporary items that we’re navigating around, as well as general inflation. 
Jason Winkler: Yeah. And Paul, I would also say that taking all those things into account, we still expect full year gross margins to be comparable for MSI and operating margins to be slightly up for full year 2022. 
Paul Silverstein: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Paul. The next question is from the line of Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. Maybe starting, I noticed you guys talked about strong order activity kind of across the board, but just wanted to get a sense of was there any changes by region. So anything notable in the Europe region, maybe more specifically. Maybe I start with that and then I have a follow-up question. 
Gregory Brown: Sure, Mata. I think as it replies to Europe. First of all, I just want to remind you, half of our revenue in Europe is actually recurring revenue, so think large scale managed service businesses. In Q1, internationally, we have been up 3% -- were up 3% in constant currency, so really the FX headwind that Jason alluded to really impacted Europe to the greatest extent. But I would say this, our challenges in Europe and really quite frankly in international are not demand related. Demand remains very robust, it remains very robust in Europe, not only in video security and access control, but our command center software as well as our land mobile business. So I think the biggest challenge I would say is really currency right now. 
Jason Winkler: And Meta, just as a footnote, as it relates to Russia, contextually we've exited that market. It was pretty de minimis for us to begin with. Full year revenue on Russia last year was $25 million. So we've exited that market. We don't have Motorola Solutions employees in that theater any longer. So just as a footnote, I thought that could be helpful as well. 
Meta Marshall: Perfect. Very helpful. And then maybe just on the -- I just wanted to get a sense of you guys obviously spoke to growing backlog, just how much of the growing backlog is a result of supply chain challenges and inability to ship versus just some longer-term contracts coming in. Thanks. And that's it for me. 
Gregory Brown: Majority of our backlog is from direct customers, governments, agencies, thousands of customers who order as their procurement cycles permit them. And so we believe that to be a very strong signal for their demand. We also have a channels business where channel inventories are very low and our channel partners are placing orders on us to replenish that inventory. So our demand signal from our -- both our direct customers and our indirect customers is pretty clean. And as Jack mentioned it is growing in both sides of the business. 
Meta Marshall: Perfect. Thanks. Congrats guys. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Meta. 
Operator: Thank you, Meta. The next question is from the line of Sam Badri with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. 
Sami Badri: Great, thank you. I was hoping you could elaborate on our ARPA contribution. I know you guys put a couple of senses or sense in your press release, can you just walk us through contribution from explicitly ARPA that you guys are estimating. 
John Molloy: Hey, Sam, it's Jack. First of all, I want to -- we said it before, but it's important to first of all point out this, ARPA will be a multi-year phenomenon. So our team is actually -- whey we look at our pipeline, which is our sales funnel, we've actually seen the three time increase over this period last year. So that's great. And a lot of that is really directed at the $350 billion in state and local, which really -- we've never had a problem as it relates to where we needs to have business, but what it really does, it draws clarity to how those deals get funded. And so we'll be in that for the next 2.5, three years.  The second area where it's been very helpful is with our fixed video security and access control business, particularly around the education vertical where people are really trying to -- as they bring kids back to school, trying to make sure those places are safe. Actually investing in things like concealed weapons technology with our evolved partnership as well. So we think the money, at this point, which is $170 billion there will also be -- will benefit us over the course of the next three years as well. 
Sami Badri: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, maybe for you Jack again. Any update on body worn camera or fixed cameras that go on to the vehicles like first responder vehicles. Could you give us an update on that and growth rates or any kind of comments on market share? 
John Molloy: Absolutely. So first of all, as it relates to -- as it relates to the body worn. I talked about last year from a market share context, last year we doubled our orders, in 2021 doubled our orders in a market that certainly didn't double. So we felt like we took share. As it relates to Q1 2022, our orders were up double-digit. And I think most importantly there were up double-digit against a comp, whereby last year we grew 65% in orders in Q2.  And I think the only thing I'd add is, we announced our as a service offer last year, we've actually seen acceleration in customers' willingness to choose the cloud there. So, we've said before, we think that the market wants an alternative. We've got good relationships internationally and in North America our team continues to fight for their fair share. 
Gregory Brown: Let me just add to that [Multiple Speakers] we launched the M500 last year, it started shipping a few months ago, a little bit earlier this year. The M500 we consider to be a significant leap up from our prior generation [Ferrari] (ph). And it builds upon a lot of the goodness that the Ferrari had and Ferrari from the WatchGuard legacy really has evolved with a lot of customer feedback. Critically for the M500 we have added some significant new AI capabilities. This is a platform that's really meant to deliver AI capabilities. At launch we launched it with two capabilities effectively officer and passenger safety, but in addition ALPR as well. And the ALPR stream actually contributes to the other sets of ALPR cameras we have in our portfolio. These feed into one of the largest -- the industry's largest license plate databases that we have. Right now we're exceeding $50 billion of plate rates.  And to give you an idea of, like the rate at which it gets refreshed, in Q1 of this year we accounted for about $2.4 billion plate rate and to give you understanding of the frequency at which we are growing here compared to the previous year, we doubled the plate rate. So overall from a mobile video standpoint and in ALPR standpoint we're doing fantastic. 
Sami Badri: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Sami. The next question is from the line of Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open. 
Ben Bollin: Thanks for taking the question. Good afternoon, everyone. The first question, I was hoping you could share any thoughts around customer priorities with respect to command center software and refresh? And just talk to any execution you're seeing. How you think you're doing? How it's developing? Kind of where it's going? And then I had a follow-up to Greg. 
John Molloy: Sure. So the first point is that, we are growing fast then the market, we're taking market share. Over half of our orders last quarter in Q1 were suite orders, effectively we either added on to existing bundles for we -- customers bought more than one. And Jason mentioned two of our larger opportunities, it is bit. The LA Unified School District they bought our CAD and record solution, but not only are we seeing synergies now with our software suite, but one of the key reasons to buy there was location data integration from our LMR side as well. And that had a profound impact in that opportunity.  The City of Phoenix opportunity that Jason mentioned was driven by the national Incident based reporting criteria that the city needed to comply with. And that along with the fact that we are now integrating with the Aware solution for real-time situational awareness, that added a lot of synergy to that opportunity as well. We had our Summits in April and the summit was the largest Software Summit we have ever had in Motorola history. 1,600 attendees, over 300 classes and user group sessions, we had representation across all user types going from call to case closure. There is some important themes that we hit there. The first with the fortification team and really what resonated there was cybersecurity.  We talked about the public safety threat alliance that we launched quite recently and as a consequence of us talking about the public safety threat alliance, within the first two weeks of the creation of it we've had over 50 members sign up to be part of that and we expect that to rapidly increase. We also talked extensively about our innovations in user experience given the theses, given the user that were represented there and some of the -- as an example, some of the AI capabilities that we talked about there really resonated with our customers.  Smart transcription is something that we have talked about previously, but smart transcription has become more than just a transcription -- speech to text transcription, but it really has become and application platform for us that we have built alongside our customers. So not only is transcription a second pair of ears that make sure that the call taker doesn't miss anything. We have now been able to add capabilities where smart transcription allows the call taker to benefit from the experience of other callers who have responded to similar sorts of events.  So, to be able to search for similar calls that they have -- others have responded to and for them to be better informed in responding to new types of event, so smart transcription has actually become an experienced base for existing customers. On top of that, based upon customer feedback we've added capabilities for supervisors to know when to support a call taker during the call as well.  And lastly, we're also extending this to now recognizing when call takers are under stress. So these smart transcription has the capability, it has really expanded our capacity to add applications for our command center software suite. And the last part that I'll mention here is that, mobile has become a significant part of what we have talked about as well. We've invested heavily in mobile CC responder, command center responder has now both in iOS and Android instance supporting our on-prem and our cloud installs, hybrid being a key priority there. And with our customer in Western Australia, we recently launched a CarPlay application that was done in collaboration with Apple and the Western Australia police and this is the very first public safety application to be launched for CarPlay. All of this, by the way very much consistent with our hybrid strategy and we're seeing a fair amount of traction there. 
Ben Bollin: That's great. Thanks for that color that. Follow-up for you, Greg. When you step back and kind of look at the world and clearly we are is a surplus demand environment. And at some point supply starts to catch up, but I'm interested in how you think about monitoring the inbound orders and ensuring that customers are running out there and placing a lot of orders, may be with multiple vendors, perhaps ordering more than they need and just kind of taking what comes first. How do you think about that? Obviously, I think it's more PCR related, but just curious, any thoughts you have there? And that’s it from me. Thank you. 
Gregory Brown: Ben, I was just going to say the last part that you said. I think it is more PCR related. I think the way we do that is, I think Molloy and John Zidar during this time work really closely with the channel partners, particularly in North America on prioritization, on active conversations, on transparency, on what they really need versus what they may think they want, to try to eliminate any kind of artificial forecasting. So I think it's a reflection of the relationships we have with the channel partners. And I have to tip my hat to John Zidar who runs that organization under Molloy.  I think the way you sort through that is the efficacy and the authenticity of the conversations with the partners during these tough times. And I think Molloy and his team are doing that. 
John Molloy: Correct. The only thing I'd add to that is, I mean, you're right, the PCR channel -- by the way, it's also important to note that a lot of our partners carry one brand. So they're not putting orders against the second one. The second thing is government customers don't have the wherewithal, meaning, they have a limited budget, they're not able to cut multiple purchase orders against the same budget line item. So we wouldn't have any inflation in orders on there, there is an end customer within, for instance, Cook County. If it's a highway department or the sheriff's department, they've got line item 32, it’s $1 million, they can spend that twice. So we know that there is clarity of funding there. 
Ben Bollin: Thanks. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Ben. 
Operator: Thank you, Ben. The next question is from Fahad Najam with Loop Capital. Your line is now open. 
Fahad Najam: Thank you for taking my question. I had two clarifications first, before I can get to my question. What was the FX headwind in the quarter? And also you highlighted, about $170 million in FX headwinds in the revenue, but what's the -- I'm assuming there is a benefit to the OpEx line. So can you maybe tell us what benefit you're seeing on the OpEx from the FX. 
Jason Winkler: So the answer to the first question is, within the quarter it was $18 million in FX and on FX in general, we have some offsets within OpEx to mitigate the effects of the gross margin dollars lost. So there is some relief, if you will, on OpEx. But in total, $110 million degradation in -- from last call to this call comes with an OE impact that we are mitigating through price, through cost targets and through allocation to higher mix. 
Fahad Najam: Got it. I wanted to ask you on the component shortages, maybe if you can double click on that and maybe provide us a color on what has improved, what has not improved, what gotten worse? Maybe you could give us a bit of clarity on what your line of sight is. You are clearly thinking that things will improve, but can you just give us a color on what portfolio is getting most impacted by component shortages? 
John Molloy: Yeah. Fahad, I would say as it relates to semiconductor constraints, because that's really what we're referring to. I don't think we see it improving. I think we see it as a constant challenge throughout the remainder of 2022. What improved in Q1 was successfully navigating and negotiating and get some -- getting some increased allocation on some key parts with some key suppliers that moved it from Q2 into Q1. That allowed us to over perform the way we did top and bottom in Q1. I would say that semiconductor constraint environment remains unchanged, i.e., still challenging. We think it will be through the remainder of the year. It is primarily around land mobile radio, but quite frankly video security is not immune completely either, but we are managing those accordingly. 
Fahad Najam: Within the LMR portfolio are you seeing more adverse impact on your higher margin PCR and LMR -- APX NEXT portfolio, just kind of color on what within your LMR portfolio is been more adversely impact or what is all universal. 
John Molloy: I think the, part of the LMR, that's the most challenge with PCR, because we have a lot of common semiconductor parts that go into all types of radios. So we are working closely with customers around favorable mix, in particular, North America and oftentimes higher tier devices that allow us to ship those and fulfill those orders quicker than others. So the main part of the LMR portfolio. I think that feels it the most acutely is probably PCR. 
Gregory Brown: The only thing I'd add on the high tier and APX. APX NEXT is the complexity of those products and the joint engineering we do, and the supply lines we have for semiconductors are unique to those products and we're doing a good job in getting the security of that supply lines. So there are some commonalities, but also some uniqueness in our key suppliers and public safety LMR are doing a good job of getting us what we need. 
Fahad Najam: I appreciate the answer. Thank you. 
Gregory Brown: Thank you. Fahad. 
Operator: Thank you, Fahad. The next question is from the line of Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Your line is now open. 
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Jack and Mahesh, good afternoon from sunny Chicago. 
Gregory Brown: Louie, how you doing? 
Louie DiPalma: Doing great. Thank you for taking my question. The William Blair team heard very positive commentary about Openpath solutions at the Commercial Real Estate Tech Conference in San Diego. So I was wondering, can you discuss your growth strategy for access control in general? And also I wanted to note that during the quarter it seem that Stanley saw that access technologies division for $900 million and related to your strategy do you expect to be as active with access control and acquisitions as you have been with video acquisitions? Thanks. 
Gregory Brown: Okay. Louie, I'll start and Mahesh may want to color in some lines. I think first of all, as it relates to fixed video, security and access control, we've taken a premise and a look at the market to say we want to make sure we meet our customers' for where they are. So it started with Avigilon, which is an on-prem end-to-end solution. We've invested in Avigilon cloud services, but they had a legacy Access Control business as well. Actually that business was actually the highest growth within the Avigilon portfolio one point in time, but we really saw a move to cloud and mobility, particularly as people want -- they want smartphones capability to access a building instead of an old keycard. And well, I would also tell you that Openpath is seen -- it's been -- it outkicked it business case due to the fact that there is a shortage on card readers right now, like a lot of things in the heart. So that's really accelerated the growth into the cloud for Openpath. So I think you will hear a lot of good things.  The other piece with Openpath as I said is its cloud. native, which is different to the most. So we think we've got a pretty good strategy as it relates to both in terms of a buyer wants to cloud solution or Openpath. I mean, now the cloud solution are an on-prem solution. Mahesh, anything you want to add to that. 
Mahesh Saptharishi: Yeah. I think the Openpath team launched a video intercom reader in Q1 as well and that's sort of is a signal in terms of the convergence between video and access control more broadly. If you look at the architecture of Openpath cloud native with endpoints on friend like readers, but also the ability to tackle existing leaders, support that migration from on-prem to cloud. Ava is a very similar model as well where it can be either entirely cloud native or support a mix in between as well. The combination of Ava and Openpath gives us the opportunity to convert many of the security and access control use cases and expand that ecosystem. So we see a strong solution there that's end to end for security needs. 
Louie DiPalma: Great. That's perfect. That's it from me. Thanks everyone. 
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Louis. 
Operator: Thank you, Louie. The next question is from the line of Jim Suva with Citigroup. Your line is now open. 
Jim Suva: Thank you. A question for Greg. Greg, on your prepared comments you mentioned improved funding, is that coming from the stimulus plans or from property taxes? And the reason why I ask is, a lot of property taxes or at least while I am here in Silicon Valley, California they reassessed each year. So people are kind of bracing for a big property tax inflow maybe in six or nine months from -- a big property tax hit in six or 12 months from now. So I would assume that a lot of your budgets are more to stimulus but -- or maybe travel and tourism improving as opposed to real estate property taxes. And if so, does that mean that there is still kind of a second round of improved funding that's coming in. 
John Molloy: Yeah. Hey, Jim, it's Jack. Maybe I'll take that one. So we look at -- if you remember, there's really three primary budgets excluding federal stimulus and those are operating expense budgets that our annualized. So those things pay for things like maintenance, replacement of radios, those kinds of things. That's the first piece of it. The second of which is actually 911 funding. So a lot of the portfolio are command center software budgets, those get set and those monies are allocated in a different way. So it's a different funding stream. The third, as you said, our real estate and property taxes. There is more of an ebb and flow to those things and quite frankly, historically, we don't see a big uptick in those things, because public safety [indiscernible] nice to have, those are prioritized in annual basis and it's really capital or operating expense and it's 911. Now what's really benefited us, as I pointed out earlier and you heard Greg and his prepared remarks is a $350 billion for state and local and $170 billion directed at schools. Those are new funding that's created new opportunities in all aspects of our portfolio. 
Gregory Brown: In terms of state and local budget cycles. I'll remind everyone we have thousands of customers in North America. A common changeover in year is around July 1. So they will look at available funds and as well as stimulus and set their priorities. So we'll see what those budgets look like, but all indications are with the backstop of funding that will continue. 
John Molloy: To get real technical, there is also something -- there is also spot taxes, which are specialized purchase things and they do special taxes and raise money per county wide systems as well, that’s the only kind of one-off. 
Jim Suva: Great. Thank you so much for the details and clarifications. Congratulations.  Thank you, Jim. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional comments or closing remarks. 
Gregory Brown: Yeah. I just want to close -- Thank you for that opportunity. I want to close by thanking all of the Motorola Solutions people around the world for their commitment, perseverance in what was a strong Q1. Despite the fluid and dynamic environment demand, it just remains exceptionally strong. The customer funding environment remains robust. We continue to make investments in software and video. And as Jason and others outlined in this call, we continue to take action to offset higher costs.  I would just say this, macroeconomic turbulence and uncertainty presents opportunity and we will continue to deploy capital against the backdrop of those opportunities that present themselves. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you again in a few months. And again to all the Motorola people, thank you, thank you, thank you. Much appreciated. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately two hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and ask you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time.  The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of the call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2021 fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President and COO; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Executive Vice President and CTO. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A.  We posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted.  A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2020 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thank you, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook.  First, I'm very pleased with our performance during the quarter and, in particular, our ability to navigate the current supply chain environment to deliver the critical solutions that our customers rely on every day. We achieved revenue at the higher end of our guidance and earnings per share above our guidance, ended the year with record backlog of $13.6 billion, up 19% versus last year, and generated $703 million of operating cash flow during the quarter and a record $1.8 billion for the full year.  Second, our full year results exemplify the strength and durability of our business and highlight our ability to leverage our large installed base to sell more value-add software and services. For the year, the Software and Services segment grew 13%, expanded operating margins by 210 basis points and accounted for 38% of total sales and 54% of total operating earnings for the company. Additionally, revenue was up double digits in all 3 technologies in the segment, led by 39% growth in video security and access control software, which resulted in approximately $400 million for that category of revenue for the year.  And finally, looking ahead to this year, our record backlog and continued demand are informing our expectations for another year of strong revenue, earnings and cash flow growth, with growth in both segments despite the ongoing and fluid supply chain challenges.  At this point, I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Our Q4 results included revenue of $2.3 billion, up 2%, including $10 million from acquisitions and $6 million from favorable currency. GAAP operating earnings of $549 million and operating margins of 23.7% compared to 24.4% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $670 million, up $3 million. And non-GAAP operating margins of 28.9%, down 40 basis points due to higher operating expenses for employee incentive compensation and acquisitions.  Operating margin in Products and Systems Integration was down 170 basis points due to lower sales and higher operating expenses, partially offset by higher sales and improved operating leverage in the Software and Services segment. GAAP earnings per share of $2.30 compared to $2.37 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.85 versus $2.86 last year with higher sales and improved operating leverage in Software and Services, offset by, within the Products and Systems Integration segment, higher OpEx related to incentives and acquisitions, along with lower sales. OpEx in Q4 was $518 million, up $26 million versus last year, primarily due to higher employee incentive compensation and acquisitions. The Q4 effective tax rate was 22.3% compared to 21% in the prior year.  For the full year of 2021, revenue was $8.2 billion, up 10%, with growth in both segments and across all 3 technologies. Revenue from acquisitions was $120 million and the FX impact was $130 million favorable during the year. GAAP operating earnings were $1.7 billion or 20.4% of sales versus 18.7% in the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $2.1 billion, up $282 million. And non-GAAP operating margins were 25.9% of sales, up from 24.8% of sales in the prior year, driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage. This increase in profitability also includes $100 million of higher employee incentive compensation earned in 2021.  GAAP earnings per share was $7.17 compared to $5.45 in the prior year, driven by higher sales, improved leverage, higher other income and lower reorganization charges in the current year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $9.15, up 19% from $7.69 in 2020 on higher sales, higher operating earnings, higher other income, which was partially offset by a higher tax rate.  For the full year, OpEx was $1.9 billion, up $123 million versus last year, primarily driven by higher employee incentive compensation and acquisitions. And the effective tax rate for 2021 was 21% compared to 20% in the prior year on higher benefits from discrete items, including the benefits of stock comp expense booked in the prior year.  Turning to cash flow. Q4 operating cash flow was $703 million, flat versus the prior year. And free cash flow was $635 million versus $637 million in the prior year. And for the full year, OCF was a record $1.8 billion compared to $1.6 billion in the prior year, and free cash flow was a record $1.6 billion versus $1.4 billion in the prior year. The increase in cash flow was driven by higher sales, higher earnings and partially offset by higher cash taxes.  Capital allocation for 2021 included $528 million of share repurchases at an average price of $208.41, $482 million in cash dividends and $457 million for acquisitions. Additionally, during the year, we issued $850 million of new long-term debt, redeemed $324 million of outstanding debt, entered into a new upsized $2.25 billion revolving credit facility and ended the year with $1.9 billion of cash and a net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio of only 1.6. We also increased our dividend 11%, our 11th consecutive year of a double-digit increase, and we announced a $2 billion increase to our share repurchase program in the second quarter.  Moving to our segment results. Q4 Products and System Integration sales were $1.5 billion, down 1%, which was impacted by the supply constraints we discussed on the last call. Growth in video security and public safety LMR was offset by a decline in PCR. And revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $4 million. Operating earnings were $378 million or 25.3% of sales, down from 27% in the prior year, driven by higher employee incentive compensation and lower sales.  Some notable Q4 wins and achievements in this segment include a $98 million P25 upgrade for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, $94 million of APX NEXT device orders in North America, a $68 million P25 device upgrade for the District of Columbia, a $28 million P25 upgrade for a large U.S. customer, a $21 million fixed video security order for a large North America utility customer, a $19 million additional TETRA order from the German MOD and a $17 million TETRA device upgrade for a customer in Asia Pacific. And for the full year, revenue was $5 billion, up 9% from the prior year, driven by higher sales of LMR and higher sales of video security.  Revenue from acquisitions was $89 million. Operating earnings were $976 million or 19.4% of sales, up from 19% in the prior year on higher sales, partially offset by higher OpEx.  Moving next to our Software and Services segment. Q4 revenue was $824 million, up 8% from last year, driven by growth in LMR services, video security software and command center software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $6 million. Operating earnings were $292 million or 35.4% of sales, up 150 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and improved leverage.  Some notable Q4 wins in this segment include a $25 million P25 multiyear services contract with Cook County, Illinois, a $17 million P25 multiyear software upgrade agreement for ICI Systems Authority in California, a $17 million body-worn camera as a service order for the City of Houston, Texas police department, a $15 million P25 multiyear software upgrade for Orange County, California and a $14 million additional body-worn camera order for the French MOI, a $11 million command center software hybrid cloud order for North Carolina Department of Public Safety, and we saw a 27% growth in software for video security and access control.  For the full year, revenue was $3.1 billion, up 13% on growth in LMR services, video security and command center software. Revenue from acquisitions was $31 million. Operating earnings were $1.1 billion or 36.4% of sales, up 210 basis points versus the prior year, driven by higher sales and improved leverage.  Looking at regional results. North America Q4 revenue was $1.6 billion, up 4% on growth in video security and LMR products and services. For the full year, North America revenue was $5.6 billion, up 11%, with growth in both segments and across all 3 technologies. International Q4 was $705 million, down 3% due to a decline in LMR, partially offset with growth in video security and command center software. We saw growth in Latin America during the quarter, while EMEA was flat and Asia Pac declined. For the full year, international revenue was $2.6 billion, up 9%, with growth in both segments and across all 3 technologies. Revenue was up in EMEA and Latin America, offset by a slight decline in Asia Pac.  Moving to our backlog. Ending backlog was a record $13.6 billion, up $2.2 billion compared to last year, driven by the U.K. Home Office's exercise of their contractual right to extend the Airwave network 4 years through 2026, along with record LMR product orders and growth in Software and Services contracts in North America. Sequentially, backlog was up $2.2 billion, driven by the Airwave extension and record LMR product orders in North America during the fourth quarter.  Software and Services backlog was up $1.3 billion compared to last year and up $1.8 billion sequentially, driven by the Airwave extension and growth in Software and Services agreements in North America. Products and SI backlog was up $886 million compared to last year, driven by record LMR orders. Sequentially, backlog was up $417 million, driven by record LMR orders in North America during the fourth quarter.  Turning next to our outlook for 2022. For the full year, we expect sales to be up approximately 7%, with mid-single-digit growth in products and systems integration and approximately 10% growth in Software and Services. And we expect full year non-GAAP earnings per share between $9.80 and $9.95. This outlook assumes FX at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 174 million shares and an effective tax rate of 21% to 22%. It also assumes $120 million of higher material costs, largely driven by the current semiconductor market dynamics of limited supply and us procuring available parts at a premium from other secondary markets. Additionally, we expect pricing adjustments to our portfolio, which we've recently made to take effect as we progress in fulfilling existing backlog.  For Q1, we expect sales to be up approximately 3%, with non-GAAP EPS between $1.53 and $1.59 per share, inclusive of $50 million of the incremental material costs I referenced for the year. It also assumes FX at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count between 173 million and 174 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 17%.  We expect full year operating cash flow of approximately $1.9 billion. This OCF outlook include $75 million of higher employee incentive payments earned in 2021 and $150 million of higher cash taxes, half of which is driven by the U.S. federal tax requirement to capitalize R&D beginning in 2022. And for the full year, we will continue to be diligent in our cost management. We expect OpEx to be up approximately $100 million from last year, driven by investments in video security and command center software, inclusive of $40 million related to recent acquisitions.  I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Jason. Let me just end this piece with a few additional thoughts. First, 2021 was an outstanding year for our company. We achieved record orders, sales, earnings and cash flow. We increased backlog, $2.2 billion. And we returned approximately $1 billion to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends. Additionally, we continue to invest in our video security and command center software offerings with the acquisitions of Openpath, Envysion and 911 Data Master.  Second, I'd like to provide you with a little bit more color on what we're currently seeing with supply and demand and how that impacts our current 2022 expectations. Demand across all 3 technologies was incredibly strong in 2021. In fact, it even accelerated in Q4. Like many companies, procuring semiconductor supply to meet our increasing demand has been challenging, and the environment in Q4 was even further impacted with supplier delays and the impact of the Omicron variant. In particular, delays from some semiconductor suppliers required us, as Jason just referenced, to substitute parts from alternative sources at higher costs, and this will impact margins for Q1 and Q2.  For the full year, we still expect solid revenue growth in the Products segment, driven by both video security and LMR products, inclusive of PCR. We've taken a careful look at our portfolio and made further pricing adjustments that we anticipate will take effect in the second half of the year and lead to 2022 full year gross margins that will be comparable and operating margins that will be slightly higher year-over-year.  Third, I'm really pleased with our position for growth. The funding environment for our customers continues to remain exceptionally strong. Our APX NEXT refresh cycle is gaining traction with our public safety customers with almost $100 million in Q4 orders alone. We continue to capture market share in our video security and command center software businesses and our recurring revenues continue to grow. And our balance sheet is stronger than ever, which allows us to be opportunistic in our deployment of capital in this current environment.  And finally, I'd like to just recognize all of the Motorola employees around the world who, despite the pandemic, have never wavered in their commitment to our customers and also in giving back. Last year, our foundation donated more than $12 million to charitable organizations, and our employees volunteered a record 65,000 hours in more than 40 countries. I'm incredibly proud of their efforts and of the recognition we continue to receive. We were recently named again to Fortune's Most Admired Companies and as one of the 100 Best ESG companies by Investor's Business Daily.  I'm also really pleased with our recent announcement that Dr. Ayanna Howard will be joining our Board. Her perspective and experience in AI and robotics will be invaluable as we continue advancing these technologies that deliver public safety and enterprise security.  I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and welcome your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question? Question-and-Answer Session
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Tim Long with Barclays.
Timothy Long: I've got 1 question, and afterwards, I'll come back with a follow-up. Greg, can you talk a little bit about Airwave? Nice to see that signed for the 4-year extension. Could you talk a little bit at a high level about how we should think about economics of that deal pricing or anything relevant? And were there any other incremental opportunities potentially that -- or a part of that and any impact on the government kind of investigating your position in those networks? And then I've got a follow-up after that.
Gregory Brown: Sure. Thanks, Tim. We were pleased about the extension of Airwave. The U.K. Home Office exercised their contractual right in December to extend it by 4 years to the end of 2026. Obviously, we welcome that. We think that's good news. We also think that's a continuing reflection of the criticality and the importance of what that network does for British first responders.  It was extended at contractual existing pricing. And having said that, we also, in parallel, continue to work with the Competition Markets Authority as they continue to progress with their investigation. We're actively engaged with them. And I think by their own time line, the CMA expects to conclude their work by, I think, sometime in the summer or the mid or end of summer, and we would update you accordingly. But we obviously feel good about this development, and we're very proud of the resilience and the investment we continue to make in Airwave.
Timothy Long: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on the video end market. Numbers were good for the year, very good for the year. Could you talk a little bit about kind of the outlook there? You did 30%-plus growth this year. And also if you could weave into that kind of what you're seeing from some of these other -- whether it's NDAA and the potential for FCC involvement with Chinese players and how that could impact the growth profile for that business.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Tim. I'm really pleased with the execution by Jack Molloy and John Kedzierski and Mahesh in our full Video Security and Access Control business. For the year, the category -- the technology category grew 32%, 21% organic, which I think is great. And for 2022, our outlook is and expectation is for video security and access control to grow approximately 20%.  When we look at the category in total, we think that market in the main is probably growing 7% or 8%. So the good news is we continue to take share. We've taken share in 2021. We can -- I believe we'll take share again in 2022. We're getting really good traction in the government vertical, which Avigilon had a very nascent presence in. We're updating and refreshing the product portfolio, both on fixed video, and of course, we acquired Pelco and Indigo Vision. We've refreshed the camera portfolio. We're doing more investment in software and analytics. Mahesh is leading the refresh around in-car and body-worn camera. And I'm also very pleased with the Openpath acquisition we did earlier.  I like our execution. The addressable market in 2022 is now, we believe, $18 billion, $3 billion larger than last year. We're taking share. We're growing and I like our outlook.
Operator: Our next question will come from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Lapinski: This is Erik on for Meta. Maybe to follow up on some of the comments on the video side and specific to the deal you announced at the Houston police department on body cameras. I guess, I know they had paused their deployment a couple of years ago and cited concerns around technology as the reason. I'm wondering if you could give some color on maybe some of the development or improvements you made there in light of the refreshes you mentioned and like just what the lift was from a tech perspective and if that's mostly done.
John Molloy: Sure, Erik. It's Jack. So you're correct. When we originally acquired WatchGuard a few years back, they had had some quality issues with Houston. We put the full team's focus on improving the quality, both from a back-end standpoint as well as from a device standpoint. We've also pivoting our offer in the body-worn space to an as a service offer, and we think that was compelling for the City of Houston.  At the end of the day, we've got long-standing and broad relationships with the City of Houston. I think they trusted us as MSI, as Motorola Solutions to come and fix the appropriate quality issues as we have throughout our history. And I think we're going to have a real happy customer there.  As it relates to body worn in general, it's probably also important to highlight that for the full year, our orders more than doubled. Q4 '21 was a record orders quarter for us. And I'd also highlight that moving forward, we're really well positioned for growth internationally. We think that, in general, the market has wanted an alternative. And as Greg said, we believe we're taking share both domestically and internationally in the body-worn space.
Erik Lapinski: Awesome. And then maybe just on the supply chain side. It seems like you're mostly seeing headwinds in PCR just based on growth rates. But are you also seeing them kind of across the board in video as well, just less severe? If anything kind of from product-wise you could give color on would be helpful.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Erik, we -- the incremental material semiconductor costs of $120 million for all of '22 is primarily LMR, which is inclusive of PCR. There's also some video in there as well, but we expect the incremental material semiconductor cost to be about $50 million in Q1, $50 million in Q2 and $20 million in the back half as we make progress fulfilling backlog and we have taken additional pricing increases. As the year progresses, our leverage will improve from a P&L and operating earnings standpoint.
Jason Winkler: And on PCR, even with the supply constraints on the year that it had, it grew in 2021 9% to just over $800 million. So despite the supply chain and backlog in that PCR space that were yet to deliver, it grew 9%.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Tindle with Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Greg, I wanted to start on the record backlog. Just to be clear, is that something that you can reprice? Or is that locked in? Because the concern would be that margin compression might last a little bit longer if prices are locked in and costs remain elevated. So maybe you could touch on the dynamics there.
Gregory Brown: Yes. I think pricing and backlog is largely fixed and cannot be repriced. I think that's informing the guide we're giving you both for the full year and the linearity of the impact of margins of Q1 and Q2 primarily. But the backlog is as strong as I've ever seen it. And even if you take the extension of Airwave out, it also was still really strong in LMR and PCR as well.
Jason Winkler: I'd also point to the services of our backlog is -- as the largest part of our backlog. And within it, our multiyear services contracts, many of them do have a pricing mechanism around price escalation. So Services and Software has a little bit of a hedge there on parts of the business.
Gregory Brown: Good point, Jason.
Adam Tindle: Got it. And maybe just a quick clarification on that. Some investors might be concerned that we have price increases coming in the back half of the year and maybe some of this record backlog that we're seeing as some pull forward of demand ahead of those price increases. What would you say to those investors? I'm sure you thought about that.
Jason Winkler: So the bulk of our backlog, again, is direct customers, their public safety in nature. They order when they need things, and we're prioritizing them. We do have a channels business as well, record low inventory levels among the channel. And we're prioritizing the demand signal from them, which we believe to be very clean. So in terms of pull forward and pricing strategies, we've been adjusting price for a number of quarters, and our backlog has been largely unaffected.
John Molloy: And Jason, we obviously track canceled orders, and canceled orders have been de minimis throughout the 2021.
Adam Tindle: Got it. If I could just get a quick clarification for Jason. It's so unusual for us to deal with the $50 million hit in Q1 and the implied margin. Is there any way for you to help us with margin by segment? Because I'm trying to understand if there's also a step down in Services and Software margin implied in this guidance.
Jason Winkler: The bulk of the $50 million is related to our supply lines around semiconductor, which are embedded in the products, primarily LMR. So the bulk of that $50 million or that $50 million is within the Products segment.
Operator: Our next question will come from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum: Just a follow-up on the supply chain questions here. Obviously, it's going to get a lot of attention. We're hearing from other people as well that it's just not semiconductors that we're seeing supply chain issues on. Are you guys seeing issues on any other of the components of [indiscernible] materials? And is that perhaps popping up with some frequency over the past few months? And do you have any idea about how it looks for the next few months?
Jason Winkler: The supply chain environment is challenging on the front, Keith, of freight being elevated, which we talked about and most companies are having to navigate those higher prices. The material cost drivers that we've highlighted as incremental this year are entirely around obtaining supply for semiconductors. There are other general price pressures within supply chain, but we are mitigating those. They are not the key challenge that we have. We've navigated those. It's really freight and it's semiconductors.  We have a higher inventory position, too, Keith, I'll point you to on the balance sheet, nearing $800 million of inventory. So we're creating a buffer for the other categories of parts beyond semiconductors so that when the available semiconductors are delivered, that we have the right matching of componentry. So I'd say our key challenges and continuing are around supply chain of semis.
Keith Housum: And just following up on that. Is the issue here just the fact that you guys are -- either demand is greater than you perhaps originally forecasted for or just that your original suppliers are unable to meet your demand and others?
Jason Winkler: It's both. Our demand has increased, but our original demand signal has not been delivered. We've had delivery delays from a handful of semiconductor suppliers. That's in part what we pointed to and what's driving the incremental costs of $120 million this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from George Notter with Jefferies.
George Notter: I guess I wanted to ask about stimulus. If I go back to 2020, if memory serves, I think you said you got $150 million in incremental benefit from the CARES Act on revenue. And I was wondering if you have a comparable number for 2021. Obviously, ARPA might be more of the benefit there. And then also, as you look at your guidance for 2022, what kind of stimulus benefit do you think you have baked into that guidance?
John Molloy: Sure, George. So maybe to start, from a CARES perspective, in 2021, we had about $50 million last year in CARES. And really, the conversations have pivoted to the American rescue plan. As we highlighted, $350 billion available to state and local and then $170 billion available to schools, which is, interestingly enough, one of our biggest vertical solutions for video security and access control. So the funding environment, not only from a stimulus perspective, but actually from a state and local budgets and receipts perspective, has been as good as we've ever seen in my -- really in the history of my business.  But probably more importantly, Jason highlighted it, Greg highlighted it, it's making sure that we've got the attractive portfolio to meet to do that. And so things like APX NEXT and device refresh from an LMR perspective, things like driving new camera portfolio, investing in analytics and AI and the video security, I think, have positioned and married well with the stimulus opportunities, which is what you're seeing in backlog and I think future demand.
Gregory Brown: Yes. The other thing to note is, as you know, this ARPA money is multiyear in duration. So the $350 billion that Jack talked about, the $170 billion, and there's more, some of this multiyear funding goes all the way out to the end of 2024. When you take that visibility of funding, in addition to state and local tax receipts being robust, and then you combine some of the other regulatory things around NDAA, but also more recently, the Secure Equipment Act where the FCC has been directed to direct certain Chinese companies and prevent them from competing like Hytera in LMR or Hikvision in Dahua for fixed video for state and local opportunities in the U.S., that's an incremental benefit as well. So the environment is strong.
George Notter: Got it. And then any sense for what you've got embedded in your revenue guidance for this year from stimulus?
Jason Winkler: Jack, maybe you can talk about the funnel development. But in terms of it -- it's implied in the both products growth and SNS growth for the year.
John Molloy: Yes. And I think we look at -- we track our ARP funding as well and the pipeline to start '22 just to mentalize it over '21 is up. But again, I think it's more important -- I think equally as important as the stimulus funding is just the condition of state and local budgets in general.
Operator: Our next question will come from Louie DiPalma with William Blair.
Michael DiPalma: Greg, I believe you mentioned in your scripted remarks how government demand has been elevated, particularly for the Avigilon video solutions. Is that primarily driven by the Secure Equipment Act from the federal government that you just mentioned? And like how big of an opportunity do you have to take share from some of the Chinese vendors such as Hikvision that are deployed across the federal government and for local government accounts?
Gregory Brown: Yes, Louie, thank you. I think our growth is coming for a variety of reasons. I think it's the portfolio we have, the investment Molloy has made in go-to-market, the refresh that Mahesh is doing on mobile video. Yes, I do think NDAA, the National Defense Authorization Act, for the federal government is a beneficial tailwind. Jack talked about on the last call, we were targeting $330 million of the overall fixed video and access control category to be yielded from government customers. We actually exceeded that. It was closer to slightly above $350 million. So yes, I think we will continue to take share and grow our business in the government vertical. But I also think we'll take it -- continue to take share in commercial enterprise as well.
John Molloy: One other thing I'd feather in, Greg, just is we talked about our Pelco acquisition and what that meant in terms of bringing federal government contracts, and we actually have invested in a refresh of that portfolio, which I think will be critically important for our federal government business. It dovetails with all things NDAA Secure Communications Act in 2022 and beyond.
Jason Winkler: And Greg, just to clarify, the $350 million number you mentioned is both mobile and fixed video...
Gregory Brown: Total. That's right.
John Molloy: Into government. It serves all of the great portfolio. Mahesh has around mobile and in-car, complemented by fixed video, a market that was nascent for Avigilon just 3 years ago. So it's been a good market for us and continue to be.
Michael DiPalma: Great. And Greg, you also mentioned accelerating demand like during the fourth quarter. Was there any particular end customer for which the demand was the most pronounced? Such as -- like are you seeing the most demand from like local and state, like law enforcement customers? Or is it from the federal government or commercial? I was just wondering if you could parse out where you're seeing the strongest demand.
Gregory Brown: I think we entered Q4 with strong demand. And then it got -- it did accelerate in Q4. The end user that I would highlight is probably the public safety customers for APX NEXT. We had high expectations. We've spent a lot of time improving, refreshing the APX NEXT that Jack has referenced. Orders and demand increased. It was outstanding in Q4. And we also introduced the APX XN fire radio. We have plans to introduce a mid-tier APX NEXT. And if I were to highlight, Louie, 1 area, although demand was fairly broad, I would highlight the APX NEXT public safety users in North America. And as Jack's already referenced, I think we're in the early innings of that APX NEXT refresh cycle.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Silverstein with Cowen.
Paul Silverstein: I don't think I heard you all say it. I apologize if you did, but Greg, Jason, can you tell us what growth -- how much of growth is being taken away by supply chain? What would growth look like in '22 buffer supply chain?
Gregory Brown: Well, I would say this. So we talked about overall demand being strong. It accelerated in Q4. Paul, you know we ended the year with record backlog. We're providing full year revenue guidance of 7%. That is in the context of semiconductor constraints that we think will be throughout most of 2022. It also is guidance that incorporates a $60 million headwind for FX. So we certainly don't have any demand problem in this environment. It's a supply-constrained environment.  And when I think about, look, how much better could it be, look, I think if supply was more free flowing, I think we could have growth in 2022 that wouldn't be too much dissimilar from the year we just completed. So demand is strong. And we're navigating it, and we're -- I'm pleased with the execution that the team is doing.  As we look at supply, yes, we're buying broker parts at higher cost. We're looking for substitute alternatives. Molloy and Scott Mottonen on the engineering side are doing real-time product design, redesign work. That takes a little bit of time. We're carrying longer, higher inventory. We are entering into longer-term supply agreements where we can with certain semiconductor providers. So I think we're doing a lot in parallel, but demand is strong.
Paul Silverstein: Greg, to be clear, I'm not questioning that demand is strong. I was just hoping you get quantification. But I hear you saying that growth this year could look like 10% buffer supply constraints. I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I think that's what I just heard you say.
Gregory Brown: I would say not too dissimilar from last year. So you could take that within the contours of that. But clearly, it's stronger than 7% and the $60 million of headwind with FX. But yes, Paul, I think you're absolutely directionally on it.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate that. Just as a follow-up, I apologize if you [indiscernible] previously. But on the Hytera question specifically, and I know I'm asking to speculate here, but given that it's now a criminal action and a thought arises that I suspect that could shut them down or effectively shut them down throughout the U.S. and perhaps in other regions outside of China as well. Any thoughts on how good the -- and I recognize it's going to take time. It's not going to happen overnight. But if that criminal action proceeds, it ends up in the same place as civil action did, what could be the impact to your business from a revenue growth and profitability standpoint?
Gregory Brown: Well, first of all, I was happy to see the DOJ earlier this week announced 21 count criminal indictment of Hytera for conspiracy. It is separate than our civil actions. It doesn't change our strategy on the pending civil litigation, Paul. And now as a result of a series of judgments, they owe us in excess of $670 million, separate from the criminal actions that the DOJ just announced. They are effectively shut down in the U.S. and Australia and Germany. I think this will put incrementally more pressure on them.  Look, we're in a multiyear campaign. There's nothing more important, nothing, Paul, than our intellectual property and the innovation that we invest in. We will continue to defend it. We will fiercely continue to pursue collection. I don't mind spending the money and we'll do what we need to do to get appropriate remuneration back from Hytera. It was a very concerted multiyear campaign where they stole, and we're going to get them to pay for it.  I like the fact that the DOJ announced their criminal indictment, but I look at that as kind of 2 different parallel streams and doesn't interfere with our focus and perseverance and determination around our civil litigation.
Paul Silverstein: Greg, just to be clear to your comment, you're saying independent of the criminal action, based on the outcome of the civil litigation, if I recall, I think the damages were reduced to $545 million, but you've got a very hefty royalty stream in perpetuity. You're telling us that, that royalty stream and the damages will effectively shut Hytera down, including the PCR market, whether or not that criminal investigation yields a verdict against Hytera.
Gregory Brown: I think that our actual judgments are over $670 million when you add in attorney's fees and prejudgment interest and trial costs and so on. I think -- I'm just saying in the main, Paul, I think the pressure on this company is so great. In the U.S., I'd be surprised if they're able to continue to operate going forward. We'll see, but we're going to pursue all of our collections. And if it includes asset seizure, we'll do that, too. But we're not going to let people, anybody, steal our product or trade secrets or intellectual property.
Paul Silverstein: As it should be. Good for you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse.
Ahmed Badri: Thank you, by the way, for all the color on the various elements on the questions that were asked earlier. The couple of questions I have is, when you think about pricing for your products, and I'm referring mainly to LMR, what is the average price increase that you guys are thinking about to put into the actual list pricing of LMR products? So maybe we'll start off there.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So we've been looking at the portfolio and implementing surgical adjustments through Q3 and Q4. It really depends on the portfolio and how we stack up competitively. We've been adjusting not only list prices, but also discount management and programs, which can also yield higher sales and lower discounts. It's tough to put a number on it in aggregate. It's going to be an improvement and a real help to offset the costs that we talked about in the second half. So the series of actions in aggregate that we put together will offset a large part of the pricing of the cost increases that we mentioned incrementally. That's why the bulk of the $120 million of increased semiconductor costs is in the first half, $100 million of it. $20 million of it is in the second half, and that's in part because of the actions we put in place.
Ahmed Badri: So just safe to assume that the minimum price increases will offset the increases in costs, the surgical costs. That's like your -- that's the standard base case, right, the floor. And then this doesn't take into account if customers are opting into order in APX NEXT, which is technically a much higher ASP radio compared to the rest of the portfolio. Is that the right way to think about what's going on?
Jason Winkler: So mix changes in the portfolio enhancements we make, like APX NEXT, are contemplated as we plan any given year, right? And in the mid-tier APX NEXT that Greg mentioned that's coming into the portfolio, that may come at a price premium to its successor, is factored into our base case. The price increases that we're referring to are in the -- incremental to that around prices of products that perhaps are more aged and not new products, but rather products that have been in the market for a bit. We've looked at that across the portfolio with Jack's team around the elasticity of our entire portfolio.
Ahmed Badri: Got it. Got it. So 1 last question. When I think about the 7% number you're guiding to for 2022, how much of that is price increases? And how much of that is units and volume being shipped?
Jason Winkler: The majority of that, of the 7% growth is volume increases.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin Bollin: Greg, I wanted to start with a question around America Rescue Plan Act. And specifically, I'm curious your thoughts about how you look at the incrementality of that funding versus maybe what was already a strong steady state budget? And then the second part, maybe for Jack, also America Rescue Plan Act-related, any behavior you're seeing from customers where you think they are in figuring out where they're going to spend this money, how much they've got, relative size of projects? Any color around that would be helpful.
Gregory Brown: Yes, Ben, I would actually say, and I think Jack referenced this earlier, I think there is a strong steady state to begin with around these budgets before you get to Recovery Act money. I think that the narrative a year ago was deep on the police. I think we've seen a reversal of that hyperbole politically, but we're also seeing more and more investment. People know that they need investment and more modern and secure infrastructure to protect these communities. And we're seeing that across the board. So I think steady state is stronger. I think the sentiment around police investment is different than it was several quarters ago, and then you layer on ARPA.
John Molloy: And so, Ben, as we talked about, ARPA is a multiyear -- it's multiyear in terms of how we'll draw down that money. I want to point out, there was important clarification that was directed by the United States Treasury Department in early January. They issued a final guidance, which was actually a few hundred pages long. That guidance, and this is really important, they made several references to how that money was to be used, namely law enforcement equipment technology and there are various different caveats, but that was very important. Pointed to things like P25 infrastructure, P25 devices that those funding were able to be pointed towards, obviously, the products that we make.  So I think that was very beneficial. But again, as I said, I think it's one thing to have the funding, but it's more important to have the portfolio that resonates to them. And I think as we've said across the 3 technology segments, we're the market leader, and we believe we're taking share.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Chung with JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just a quick one from me on gross margin. So nice performance here to end the year kind of despite some freight costs. You mentioned kind of flattish '22 margin performance maybe on some of these lingering freight. But as we look out to '23, hopefully, these costs come down, some product mix benefits kind of continue and then these price increases hold. So can we see a gross margin step-up in '23 based on those trends?
Jason Winkler: Sure. So the $120 million that is incremental that we've been talking about on this call regarding supply lines for semiconductors is not a structural. It's temporary. We're having to pay a premium because the available supply from the committed suppliers isn't necessarily there. And so as a result, we're paying a premium, a markup, if you will, competing in the open market for other manufacturers who need the same part.  So as we think about what happens to those costs over time, hence, the market and semiconductor manufacturers, all of whom are working to increase capacity, all of whom are working to fulfill our needs, and we have excellent relationships with the suppliers that we're navigating through this journey with, as those things improve, those costs get mitigated.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question will come from Jim Suva with Citi.
James Suva: Greg, you mentioned that kind of steady state or continual demand remains pretty strong. And then when we add in the additional government stimulus like AARP, the American Rescue Plan and such, I'm wondering, are we reaching a point now where first responders are looking at some major changes like to their command centers? It seems like from a lot of the work that we do, that the command centers are pretty antiquated, out of date and could be a lot more technologically advanced, informative and helpful. And I'm just wondering, those are big decisions to make, almost like new whiteboard stuff and put in completely new systems. I'm wondering, does this give us kind of over that hump or over that worry or concern to where now they can actually implement even more effective tools in command centers?
Gregory Brown: I think, Jim, the high-level answer is yes because it fuels overall demand and funds for those changes. But you also know that command center is software and their existing tools is one that embeds existing inertia and workflows. And it's actually -- yes, it's available funding that can fund those transitions, but it's also the reinvention on transformation of employee, public habits and workflow that's more embedded.  So I still think it will take time. Sales cycles are a little bit longer. And as we do that, as Mahesh and Jack talked about last time, we're looking to move more sales along a hybrid strategy of meeting customers where they are so it could be a prem solution. It could be a SaaS subscription solution. But as we sell more of those transitions, we expect it to be more of a annual recurring revenue and less of a CapEx purchase, which will elongate kind of the revenue recognition over time. And clearly, it's a positive, though. Mahesh, did you want to add something? No. Okay. Jack? No. Okay.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, for any closing remarks.
Gregory Brown: Again, thank you for joining us this afternoon. For all of the Motorola people listening, I want to thank you for not just your perseverance during a challenging Q4 with Omicron and additional supply constraints, but for the whole year. You've been unwavering, and you've allowed us and fueled our capability to achieve a lot of the record results that we talked about this afternoon.  Demand is strong. As I mentioned, it got stronger in Q4, and we're very proud of the fact that we ended the year with record backlog. The funding environment, which we just talked about, again, it just remains exceptional. We're growing and taking share in all 3 technologies. By the way, our total Software business in 2021 is approaching $1 billion, if you count all software. And we expect it to exceed $1 billion in 2022. And even with the $120 million of incremental material semiconductor costs and $60 million of FX headwinds, we still expect to grow approximately 7% and expand operating margins as well.  Conditions like this, while challenging, also present great opportunities, inorganic and organic. And with our balance sheet, our firepower, we have every intention of deploying capital strategically, surgically, but to continue to drive significant shareholder value creation.  I appreciate everybody on the call. And to all the Motorolans, I'm really proud of you and grateful for everything you're doing.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] You will have the opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2021 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Products, Sales & Services; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Senior Vice President and CTO, Software Enterprise & Mobile Video. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim, and good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook. First, Q3 results highlight the continued strong demand we're seeing across the business. We grew revenue 13%, earnings per share 21% and expanded operating margins by 150 basis points. Additionally, we ended the quarter with a record Q3 backlog of $11.4 billion, up 7% from last year. Second, we saw strong growth in all three technologies during the quarter. In LMR, revenue was up 11% while navigating a very challenging supply chain environment. In video security and access control revenue was up 26% driven by strong broad-based demand for both our fixed and mobile video offerings. And in command center software revenue was up 13% as we continue to expand within our existing install base and win new customers. And finally, based on our strong Q3 results and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we're again raising our full year guidance for both sales and EPS. I'm now going to turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thanks, Greg. Our Q3 results included revenue of $2.1 billion up 13%, including $15 million from acquisitions and $25 million from favorable currency rates. GAAP operating earnings of $451 million and operating margins of 21.4% compared to 18.9% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $555 million, up $92 million or 20% from the year ago quarter. And non-GAAP operating margin was 26.3% of sales up from 24.8% driven by higher sales, higher gross margins and improved operating leverage in both of our segments. GAAP earnings per share of $1.76 compared to $1.18 in the year ago quarter, the increase was primarily due to higher sales, higher gross margins and improved operating leverage as well as a loss related to the refinancing of long-term debt that occurred in the third quarter of 2020. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.35 compared to $1.95 last year, primarily due to higher sales, higher gross margin and improved operating leverage again in both segments. OpEx in Q3 was $496 million, up $41 million versus last year, primarily due to higher compensation related to incentives and higher expenses related to acquisitions. Turning to cash flow, Q3 operating cash flow was $376 million compared with $392 million in the prior year while free cash flow was $315 million compared with $343 million in the prior year. The decrease in cash flow was primarily due to an increase in working capital inclusive of our higher inventory, partially offset by higher earnings. Year-to-date operating cash flow was $1.1 billion up $225 million compared with last year and free cash flow was $959 million, up $201 million over last year. The increase in cash flow year-to-date was primarily driven by higher earnings, partially offset by higher cash taxes paid during this year. Our capital allocation in Q3 included $137 million in share repurchases at an average price of $234.18, $120 million in cash dividends and $61 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter, we closed the acquisition of Openpath, a leader in cloud-based access control solutions for $297 million. We invested $50 million in equity securities of Evolv, whose technology powers are concealed weapons detection solution, and subsequent to quarter end, we acquired Envysion, a leader in enterprise video security and business analytics for $124 million net of cash. Moving next to our segment results, Q3 products and system integration sales were $1.3 billion up 14% driven by strong growth in LMR and video security. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $12 million. Operating earnings were $273 million or 20.6% of sales up from 18.9% in the year prior on higher sales, higher gross margins and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q3 wins and achievements in this segment include $72 million of P25 orders from a large U.S. federal customer, a $70 million TETRA order from the German Navy, a $45 million TETRA upgrade from a large EMEA customer, a $43 million P25 order from a large North America customer, a $22 million P25 upgrade from Metro São Paulo in Brazil. And also during the quarter, we grew our video security and access control product revenue by 23%. Moving to the software and services segment, Q3 revenue was $782 million, up 11% from last year driven by growth in LMR services, video security and command center software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $3 million. Operating earnings were $282 million or 36% of sales, up 140 basis points from last year driven by higher sales, higher gross margins and improved OpEx leverage. Within this segment, some notable Q3 wins included a $41 million command center software contract with a large U.S. state and local customer, $31 million P25 multi-year extension with a customer in North America, a $17 million Push-to-Talk over broadband multi-year renewal with a large U.S. customer, a $7 million CommandCentral suite and video security order with the City of Yonkers, New York, which expanded off of a prior body-worn camera win. During the quarter, we grew our video security and access control software revenue by 32%. Additionally, we launched the M500, the first in-car video system enabled by artificial intelligence. Moving next to our regional results. Q3 North America revenue was $1.4 billion, up 14% on growth in LMR, video security and command center software. International Q3 revenue was $658 million, up 10% also driven by LMR, video security and command center software. We saw strong growth in EMEA and Latin America during the quarter, while in Asia Pac, we continue to experience headwinds related to COVID-19 lockdowns in various countries. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a Q3 record of $11.4 billion, up $710 million compared to last year driven primarily by growth in North America. Sequentially, backlog was up $144 million also driven primarily by growth in North America. Software and services backlog was up $6 million compared to last year driven by a $479 million increase in multi-year services and software contracts, partially offset by revenue recognition on AirWave and ESN over the last year. Sequentially, backlog was down $112 million driven primarily by revenue recognition for AirWave and ESN during the quarter, partially offset by growth in services and software contracts in North America. The products in SI backlog would up $704 million compared to last year and $256 million sequentially, driven primarily by LMR growth in both regions. Turning next to our outlook. We now expect full year sales to be up 10% to 10.25% compared to our prior guide of 9.5% to 10%. And we now expect full year earnings per share between $9 and $9.04 per share, up from our prior guide of $8.88 to $8.98 per share. This increased outlook includes the video security and access control technology growing greater than 30%. It also includes our current view of supply chain conditions, FX at current spot rates and an effective tax rate of 21.5% along with a diluted share count of 174 million shares. And finally, we now expect full year OpEx to be $1.95 billion inclusive of our two latest acquisitions Openpath and Envysion. And we expect full year operating cash flow to be approximately $1.825 billion, up $25 million from our prior estimate. With that I'd like to now turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. I thought I would end with a few thoughts as we conclude the call and before we open it up for questions. But first, our results for the quarter were outstanding and I'm extremely proud of how the team is executing through a very tough supply chain environment. We achieved record Q3 sales, operating earnings and EPS, expanded operating margins by 150 basis points and finished the quarter with a record Q3 ending backlog. Second, I want to share some color on what we're actually seeing in the two segments. In products in SI demand for both our LMR and video security solutions remained robust, highlighted by the strong revenue growth in Q3 and record ending backlog. Supply chain constraints continue to impact our LMR business, and in particularly our PCR business, as demand outpaced our ability to obtain supply in Q3 and we expect we'll continue to do so in Q4. In software and services, we continue to see strong demand, which is driving revenue growth and improve profitability. In fact, as we finish the year, we now expect operating margin to increase by 200 basis points year-over-year for the segment. Our customers continue to increase their investment in our value-added services and in software, while we now expect command center software revenue growth to be low double digits. Our video security and access control software revenue growth will likely be greater than 35% this year and is the fastest growing area within our software portfolio. Finally, as I look ahead, I'm encouraged by how we're positioned. Our strong Q3 backlog in both segments provides us with significant demand visibility. We're expanding our relationships within our existing install base to provide more software and services. The customer funding is as good as I've seen it, and our NDAA compliant manufacturing in North America is providing a key differentiator for our fixed video solutions, and while we expect the challenging supply chain environment to be with us through at least the first half of next year, we're still planning for another year of strong revenue earnings and cash flow growth in 2022. And I'll now turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please your mind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is coming from Tim Long with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. Maybe just one on the video and access control, obviously, 30% plus really strong this year, can you talk a little bit about sustainability as we look into next year? And what do you think some of the real guideposts we should be watching as far as drivers, NDAA, FCC, any other things that could lead to market share gains there? And then the follow-up on the command center software side, low double digits. I think, there have been some views, it could be better than that. So maybe can you talk a little bit about, what needs to be done for that business to reaccelerate from these levels? Is it winning new customers? Is it more stimulus? Is it more the bundle sales? If you could give us some color on that too. That'd be great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes, Tim, on video, it's just -- it's phenomenal execution by Molloy and the entire management team. As you know, it's our largest addressable market now expected to grow over 30%, by the way, organically, it's probably a little over 20%, so still really a strong, robust growth. We've rounded out the portfolio. We've refreshed the product portfolio. I think Jack and team had done a great job investing in go-to-market and increasing our R&D in a downturn market. I think video continues to be more -- and access control continues to be more and more important with our customers and more of a need to have than a nice to have. As you referenced, the NDAA is helpful for sure around federal procurement, as well as the eligibility for federal grant money. And look with the FCC, as you know, and as you referenced, there's pending legislation has been done. It's awaiting Biden's signature. If President Biden signs it when and if he does that authorizes the FCC to proceed with the rulemaking they've undertaken which would evaluate Chinese vendors in the entire enterprise market. So that clearly would be significant as well. Don't know the timing for that. But that would be a tailwind if that were to materialize. I don't know if Jack, you want to add anything about the overall demand profile.
Jack Molloy: Just the only other thing, I think, first of all, new product introduction, both in terms of cameras, but also moving pivoting the capability for the move to the cloud. I think also you look at it from an acquisition standpoint. We've acquired Openpath, who's really quite frankly, a game changer from the access control standpoint. This week, Tim, we announced the acquisition of Envysion. So you can look at that as a way for us to get more vertically focused in terms of our solution. And as Greg talked about in the past, one of the reasons we acquired Pelco and IndigoVision was to add greater international scale. We've invested heavily in go-to-market North America. I think the next frontier will be in Europe, Middle East, and Africa.
Greg Brown: And as it relates to command center software, candidly, Tim, in retrospect that the target was maybe a little overly ambitious, but having said that we're still growing at 1.5x the market, so we're taking share it's growing double digits. Q3 was particularly good on orders and the backlog composition is a little bit longer in duration incorporating some things around next-gen 911 and annual recurring revenue.
Jason Winkler: And just in terms of specific things that we're doing a core tenet for us is always to meet customers where they are. That's a part of our product strategy. Many of our customers have invested in some sophisticated IT infrastructure on-premises, and they would like to continue to benefit from those investments, but they also know that certain cloud capabilities are just better. Those capabilities are just better delivered through the cloud, and we want to give the customers the flexibility to choose and to move to the cloud in their own timeline. And so with relation to that, we're offering flexibility in deployment via hybrid offerings, and we're doing three specific things there. One, we're offering our on-prem solutions, inclusive of CAD and Records on a subscription basis. We're going to be integrating the capabilities, both existing and new capabilities in command central cloud with our on-prem solutions to allow our customers to choose what capabilities they would like to consume from the cloud. And third, cybersecurity is a very important consideration, regardless of whether the solution is deployed on-prem or whether it's in the cloud or integrating cybersecurity monitoring as a service into both the solutions as a whole. I think all of that combined really accelerates the adoption of cloud capabilities across all our customers.
Tim Long: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Thank you. First around this time of every single year, you should give us out year initial takes or views. Greg, I was hoping you'd give us any kind of guideposts for revenue or EPS growth or even margin. And then the second question, I have is actually on just U.S. federal on what percentage of revenue that was in the quarter? And what the expectation is for U.S. federal revenues to be for the full year. That's it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes. So we're not going to obviously Sami guide 2022 per se, but I will tell you that kind of, as we sit here today we're thinking, tough supply chain environment, by the way, Q3 was a tough, I'm proud of the quarter. I'm proud of the print, but it was tough and Q4 is tough as well. So I think that Q3, Q4 from a supply chain standpoint is the toughest we've experienced. We still expect it to be difficult and challenging first half of '22 at least -- first half of '22, so that's kind of the backdrop having said that. I think about revenue growth at this point high level of about 7% and maybe further dimensionalization of software and services, revenue growth of around 10% that's high level. Our current thinking obviously details to follow in a quarter from now, it would also be our expectation and goal to expand operating margins. But in '22 in the face of higher input costs as well, that's kind of some high level color.
Jason Winkler: And Sami, to mention the second part of your question with respect to Fed, it's roughly 8% of our revenues. Well, we're having another strong year in Fed like last year. So 8% of revenues is, is its contribution to us. It's one in totality. It's one of our largest customers.
Sami Badri: Perfect. And actually I had one follow-up and maybe this is for Mahesh. It's about the M500 in-car video system enabled by AI. Do you guys have any competitors that actually do this right now, at least with an install-based like yours and even a rollout or even go-to-market product like yours?
Mahesh Saptharishi: No. WatchGuard for the past 10 years has been the leader in in-car video of body-worn and the M500 is really a product of all the insights and the excellent feedback we've gotten from those customers. And candidly, I think the M500 improves upon the core features of the four RE, which is the current in-car video solution from WatchGuard. We improve on our synchronized playback capability, which is something that is that tight integration with our body-worn camera and our in-car video solution, so that you can get a perspective of what's happening in the incident in a time synchronized manner. This is something that is very unique to what we do. Record after the fact is a very unique capability that we have within the WatchGuard portfolio. And we have a dedicated display capability in the product, which is something that we've got an excellent feedback from our customers on. It allows you to both record review and tag a video with a dedicated display. In addition to that, what M500 brings to the table is ALPR capabilities. ALPR capabilities, not just with watch lists, but also integrated with our learn platform, which has the largest database of play treats out there. That's time and location stamped, which allows for great real-time forensics and investigation capability. And to the rear camera in the M500 platform, we have added passenger analytics capabilities so that when a passenger is detected, we can actually effectively trigger recordings as an option, configurable within the system. The platform itself is AI-enabled to the point where now we can add new capabilities in the future via simple firmware upgrade. So it's actually future-proof for customers as well. So all in, this is a very unique and a powerful in-car video platform, that's a product of all the experience that we've gained over the past 10 years.
Jason Winkler: And Greg, perhaps if I could elaborate on this about 7% growth.
Greg Brown: Yes, Sure.
Jason Winkler: As we look at next year and plan for it, the linearity we're looking at for Q1 is more consistent with 2019, about 21%. In fact, the 2019 first half, or the entirety of the linearity of that year looks to be a better indicator for what we see in terms of supply chain and the planning we're doing for the business.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kyle McNealy with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kyle McNealy: Hi guys. Thanks very much for the question. I'm on here for George Notter. This was a really strong result for a product backlog coming out of the quarter. It looks like you've had a good quarter for the number of larger LMR deals and that seems to be driving. And you had a good portion from U.S. and international. So I'm wondering if you can comment on what's driving the volume of larger deals, like, is there something specific or a trend that's kind of going on in the near term? Or is this general continued macro recovery after the pandemic eases worldwide? And I'm also wondering if you could expect that momentum to continue based on your view of the pipeline. Thanks.
Jack Molloy: Yes, Kyle. So to your point it's been a very good first three quarters of the year. We actually expect that performance to continue. We're sitting on record backlog of $631 million year-over-year, and that's not only historically. We'd look at that and say, that's North America phenomenon. I think the strength of the story here, it's North America performance. So it's large scale device refresh. It's statewide infrastructure upgrades. Some of which were in further discussions through ARP funding, which will play out over the course of the next few years, but also internationally, we've been in receipt of two large orders from the German defense as well as a Romanian upgrade as well. So again, we've been really pleased the performance to date. We expect that performance to continue.
Jason Winkler: Yes, demand is definitely exceeding supply. And the other thing about our backlog, particularly in products is approximately half of it's expected to turn into revenue within 12 months. So there's a longer duration impact of some of the deals Jack mentioned where we're deploying, implementing, and they benefit the revenue stream over a longer period.
Greg Brown: Yes. And Kyle, just the last thing I'd say is, as I said, in my prepared remarks, demand is strong and our demand visibility is good. In addition to the backlog that Jack articulated and the linearity that Jason just said, taking a step back, this is more than just pent-up demand. It's a reflection of what we do is a need to have versus a nice to have the funding environment, as I referenced both budgets and stimulus is strong. We've refreshed a lot of the portfolio on the product side. We've made a conscious investment in go-to-market channels and feet on The Street we've continued to acquire. We've got the benefit of the National Defense Authorization Act. More revenue is software and services oriented. So I think there's a lot of different positive ingredients in the blender here that continue to fuel our growth going forward.
Kyle McNealy: Okay, great. Thanks very much. And one follow-up, do you – I'm not sure if you mentioned it, but do you have an update on the run rate of the PCR business now and maybe an outlook for the continued recovery and the outlook for PCR?
Greg Brown: Yes, I think PCR is where the supply chain challenges most acute. It grew in Q3. It will grow for the full year, Kyle probably as we match supply and demand and it's fluid, it will, we expect it to end up about mid to high-single-digit growth with a reasonable chunk of delinquent backlog for us to execute against in 2022.
Kyle McNealy: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. I wanted to start on the product and system integration margin expansion. Operating profit grew at double the rate of revenue basically, and had nice margin expansion in that segment. I wouldn't consider this an industry where you'd get short-term pricing power benefit to hit margins positively, so just maybe looking for some more color on the PSI margin expansion? And then as an extension to that question, I look at that segment, before COVID, it was a low to mid-20s operating margin, clearly not going to finish there in 2021 based on your guidance, but maybe some of the gating factors to getting back to those historical operating margins in that segment would be helpful.
Jason Winkler: Sure. So thanks for the question. So one thing that's we're pleased with the operating margin expansion in products. One thing that we are benefiting from is the prioritization of our portfolio to public safety. So that's a favorable mix element around margins and ASP's. As Greg mentioned and Jack we're constrained more so in PCR, which is a bit on the lower tier. So favorable mix is definitely improving what you see in Q3, we're pleased with the OE performance on the year. I would also remind you that as we began the year and plan this year at the OE line for the company, we were facing $100 million dollar year-over-year increase in incentives, as we reset the plans to 100% coming off of last year where we only paid half. So the bulk of that $100 million for the year is in the product segment. So we're expanding, operating margins despite overcoming that additional P&L burden. In terms of its outlook, we're continuing to manage through higher input costs, higher freight, but our plans with the growth that we've talked about, we will continue even in the face of higher supply costs to expand operating margins in that segment.
Adam Tindle: Got it. And maybe as a follow-up Greg, I'm going to take a stab since it's been in the public domain on Airwave, any potential comments you could make on developments, investors have long considered you kind of double hedged because of both Airwave and ESN, but wondering if they should be considering the potential risk of losing that hedge? And secondly, you're not afraid to get creative. I'm just wondering if there's maybe any sort of alternative ownership structures, like a JV or something like that, that you're considering. So I know it's a tough topic, but anything that you can give us would be helpful. Thank you.
Greg Brown: I appreciate the question. So just to remind you, I think, Adam, that the contract for Airwave runs through all of next year through 2022. ESN under its current construct runs through all of 2024. We've been in active conversations with the UK home office. They have expressed the desire to extend the Airwave contract. That's underpinned the ongoing conversations we've had. We also obviously are involved with the CMA and are adhering to the process that they've outlined. I think the process will take several months. It will go into well into 2022. There's really nothing more to say on it, on that front, other than we continue to make the investments in the network as well, to keep it current, to keep it reliable, the service levels to the end user customer, and no disruption to that are the absolute utmost importance. And we'll continue the dialogue with both the UK home office and the CMA, and, I am hopeful that we'll have constructive outcomes, but we'll see how it plays out over the next several months. But I do appreciate you bringing it up.
Adam Tindle: Understood. Very helpful. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Trevor Bowers: Hi, this is Trevor filling in for Keith. Have a couple of questions about this supply chain. So how have the supply chain challenges evolved since the last quarter? Do you expect them to worsen before improving or would -- from your perspective, would you say the supply chain challenges are peaked?
Greg Brown: It's a great question, Trevor. I think the most acute challenges we've had year-to-date were undoubtedly in Q3. I think they're continuing in Q4. So if I look at 2021, definitely the most pain on supply chain we've experienced is in Q3. And we expect to experience in Q4. I think the environment will be rugged and challenging through the first half, at least the first half of 2022. And that's informing obviously the guide for the remainder of the year, although we're raising top and bottom, and it informs the linearity that Jason referred to earlier around Q1.
Jason Winkler: And I'd also add in terms of what we're doing to manage through a difficult environment. Number one, we're prioritizing our customer needs, and that starts with public safety. Additionally, Motorola has world-class engineering across the organization. Jack's team is helping think through alternative designs where engineers very quickly find parts that are available when one part is constrained. So our teams are doing a good job there. Each one of us here on the call have supplier relationships that we have C level dialogues going on so that we can get our allocations. And finally, we're carrying higher inventory as well to manage the environment.
Trevor Bowers: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown: Thanks Trevor.
Operator: Our next question comes from Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Mahesh, Jack, and Tim, good evening. Excellent. LMR product revenue increased by a healthy 12% this quarter after an 18% increase last quarter, despite the referenced supply chain issues, can you give us a sense on what you think your penetration is for your APX NEXT radio, your MXP600 Tetra. And you were recently announced MOTOTRBO. I think you launched the APX next in the fall of 2019. So a lot of investors are just wondering, like, what inning are we in for the respective upgrade cycles for these different product refreshes that you have had over the past couple of years?
Greg Brown: So Louie, first let's attack the APX NEXT piece. It's very early days. We're really, really pleased. So we announced it in '19, obviously last year during the COVID year, I would say, we had -- the market was somewhat stalled in the first and second quarter. We've seen a significant ramp up in terms of orders since then. But all day long we've talked about, you've heard me make mentioned before. This is typically a three to five-year cycle where we start getting some material, a refresh within our customers base U.S. about an inning. I'd say we're in the top of the second inning potentially. We have room to run here in terms of APX NEXT. The second question was related to the MXP600 in Europe and it's again, very early days. We've had some market success. But the interesting thing to point out for both the APX NEXT, as well as the MXP is those were designed for very high tier part of the market. So that's attractive, but the reality is we're going to be feathering in mid-tier and entry tier on both the APX NEXT line, as well as the MXP line. So we're really encouraged by that because that starts to get to the need of the market, so to speak. So I think that answers your question.
Louie DiPalma: Great. And you spoke about the supply chain headwind persisting through the first half of 2022. Do you think these issues results in a deceleration in the recent revenue rate or should we forecast for like sustained revenue growth for the next three quarters?
Jason Winkler: No, Louie, I think our comments or my comments around the linearity that we're planning for reflect our views of the supply chain, particularly for Q1 in the first half of next year, limiting our ability to fulfill the very good demand that's there and yes, for things to improve in the second half and to have a good year that Greg mentioned of planning for about 7% in total revenue growth.
Louie DiPalma: Great. Thanks.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Louie.
Operator: Next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks guys. I appreciate you taking the questions. First off, if I miss it, I apologize. But what was the supply chain impact in Q3 and what do you expect it to be in Q4 in terms of quantifying it, both the revenue impact and the margin impact?
Greg Brown: So in terms of Q3 our results and the growth that we had except for PCR which was limited in its ability we were able to match the supply with the demand pretty well in Q3, as we look to Q4 and the constraints that we have in embedded in our guidance for the year and therefore Q4 about $100 million of revenue is limited. That could have been there we had the requisite supply, that's our current estimate. In terms of an impact to Q4 that said, we're still growing greater than we thought and guided to last time now, 10 to 10.25. But that $100 million is our current estimate as to have we had a better supply, what more we could have done in Q4?
Paul Silverstein: Jason, am I doing the math, right? That's about if I translate that to an EPS, it's about an -- it's about $0.10 impact.
Jason Winkler: Depends on the mix, obviously.
Greg Brown: It depends on the mix and a large part of that's PCR. So it's probably a little left of center. But in general, you can do the math as you've done around, what does contribution could be at? I'd add further color around the supply chain costs that we are seeing in order to get the requisite supply. There are increasing costs. I mentioned freight before many companies like us are facing higher freight costs, the number that we're embedding in the P&L this year for higher premiums is nearly $45 million on the year was a lot of that in the second half. And then as I looked at Q4 and the plans we put together for Q4 having to buy and get these materials, not only through expedited freight, but also through other means through brokers and distribution and the like is adding about $20 million of pressure to what we had planned for Q4. So those things are in the mix too. We're doing what's necessary to get the supply that we can get.
Paul Silverstein: Jason, I apologize. You're expecting $20 million pressure in Q4 from freight costs or from elevated component costs?
Jason Winkler: The components' is the $20 million number in Q4. Freight is an annual number. Paul that we've been bearing all along and on its annual basis, it's $45 million, about $20 million in the first half and $25 million in the second half, that's the freight higher costs. The ocean and air both are exorbitant prices right now. And we're having to mix two more faster delivery methods, which is causing a higher freight cost as well.
Paul Silverstein: All right. But it sounds like it's a 1% to 1.5%, if I assume a $10 million to $15 million impact in Q4 from freight, it's about $30 million, $35 million all in, it looks like it's about 1.5 percentage point adverse impact, if I did the math, right?
Greg Brown: Those are the numbers that we've shared are our estimates within what we were facing. So I think you've got correctly captured, yes.
Jason Winkler: Yes. I think you're in the zip code.
Paul Silverstein: All right. I appreciate it. It sounds pretty meaningful between revenue margins, not surprisingly? My other questions is also clarifications, you always said that if I remember correctly, I think you said public sector video in Q2 had hit a $330 plus million run rate, annual run rate of from $300 million previously. I'm hoping you could update us. And I think similarly you'd said mobile cameras, body-worn cameras in 2Q was up 80% year-over-year, that was an acceleration over 60% previously. I was hoping you could update that growth, right?
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think, and Jack can jump in. I think the $330 million you referenced was an estimate for 2021 for public sector contribution. And I think we're holding to that number. So I don't think we have an update on that front and on body-worn, Jack if you want to.
Jack Molloy: Paul, with body-worn so record unit shipments in Q3, really pleased with that. We've talked about as active customers, our customers want that alternative. We think we filled that really well. The other thing I'd say is, we're uniquely positioned internationally, given our scale and global presence. We talked about the French NOI they've actually put subsequent orders into Q3. Mahesh just referenced M500. So we think we're in a good position right now in body-worn car.
Paul Silverstein: All right. Just one -- last quick one for me. In terms of pricing environment in supply constraints, I'd be surprised, if it got worse and it won't be a surprise, it got better, but any insight you can set and what you're seeing competitively?
Jason Winkler: Yes. We've been looking carefully at our portfolio throughout the year. We've made a few surgical adjustments in LMR primarily in North America and also in fixed video. We'll continue to look at that. Another opportunity for us is we have constant new product releases and oftentimes as Jack mentioned, APX NEXT, for example. We typically release at the higher part of the portfolio. And with that presents a mix opportunity to offset some of the costs that we discussed earlier. So we'll continue to look at it carefully, and of course, monitoring, what is a very competitive in market that we're in both LMR and fixed video.
Paul Silverstein: Great. I appreciate the responses. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking my question, Greg or Jack, I was hoping you could take us through a little bit about what you're seeing with America rescue plan funding to date, how you think it might've manifested thus far. And then the second part of the question is, I'd be interested in any thoughts you have about how customers are looking at this money within each piece of your business. So within surveillance radio and even command center, how you think it's influencing their behavior. That's it for me. Thank you.
Jack Molloy: Okay. So first of all, Greg said it earlier and I think it's always important to point out, but we're in a unique position because really what we do is all need to have, it's not nice to have. So I'd kind of decompose the American rescue plan conversation to a few different things. We have public safety and that's everything from P25 statewide and local networks to command center software. We're in pretty consistent dialogue with our customers regularly in public safety who had what we call shovel ready projects or things that maybe would have been a mid-tier kind of midterm need. And we're in conversations on how they may fund those things. Now, the other benefit is state and local receipts actually particular at the state level revenues are up as well. So Greg made a comment earlier about funding environment, the funding environment, I would say, doing business in public safety in 28 years, it's the best I've ever seen as well. So I would say, we're in a really good position there both on the P25 landscape, infrastructure upgrades and devices, as well as command center software. Our teams, the one thing our sales team does, we think they're really good at technology. We think they're better and they're experts at getting deals funded. So we think that's going to benefit us there. The second thing, I would say the other technology sleeve, that's going to benefit significantly as video security and access control. If you think about education alone, school funding, $170 billion pointed to that market, and really when kids have come back to school, the first thing they're talking about is they're talking about, how do we bring them back in a safe manner? One of the things our team did over the COVID we talked about this was to write COVID dashboard. So if you connect to a Avigilon cloud services, you get our COVID dashboard gives social distancing who went through what door. This is all really pertinent information. And we think our school superintendent, security directors are really interested in our technology here. The last thing, I would say is, there's money being pointed at airports and transit $35 billion as they reopen, many of them are upgrading both the radio networks. So we've got opportunities for PCR with all the major airlines, as well as our consoles in the command center space. And then ultimately also video security, how do they protect the perimeter security? How do they get better information? So I would say across all three of our technology continuums, as well as our services business, the money, the environment we're in a good spot. We think our sales team is poised to execute.
Greg Brown: And Ben when you total up those buckets within the rescue plan that Jack just described, it's over a $0.5 trillion that is available to our end users, $350 billion in state and local, by the way, that's multi-year and goes through the end of '24. So hence why we both see and believe that the environment multi-year and what we're seeing in the pipeline is pretty good.
Ben Bollin: Thanks guys.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Our next question comes from Fahad Najam with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Fahad Najam: Thank you for taking my question. First, a clarification, can you remind me what revenue was from acquisitions in the quarter?
Jason Winkler: Yes. In total, I'll give it to you by a segment real quick. It was -- in products, it was $12 million and in services and software, it was only $3 million.
Fahad Najam: Appreciate it. Thank you. Now to my question, if I look at your LMR business overall, well, PSI sales, if we accelerated the software and services and tax rate coming and remains in the $550 million, $545 million quarterly run rate, should we see kind of like an increase in the software services from the increased product from the increased PSI sales in future quarters? Is it just because you're selling new equipment and the software services hasn't quite attached to it yet? So we should expect some meaningful acceleration in software and services revenue for LMR in fiscal '22?
Jason Winkler: So Fahad, this year for products, for example, we're expecting mid to high, probably closer to high-single-digit growth services and software is low double digits. There is some leading indicator as products grow you're right. There's some services attached to it that come after the sale, the bulk, however, of our services and software growth is around not product attacks, task, but rather command center software, video software and things like software upgrade programs and the likes that are on existing install bases. So those are the key drivers within S&S. It's less product attached. It's more the unique offerings we have in the value propositions around services and software that are driving the low double digit growth in services and software.
Fahad Najam: Got it. And then same question on the video surveillance there the software services portion of the video surveillance market is clearly growing a lot faster? I'm just trying to understand the dynamics there. What's driving the software attach rates or services in video versus PSI sales? I just kind of try to help us understand the dynamics there, please.
Jason Winkler: So with respect to video in the disaggregation within services and software, the video number within services and software is largely software. It's a minimally services business because we go through distribution partners, integrators and the likes. So think of that video software number within S&S as being predominantly software, things like our video management system, BMS ACC and others are offers within in-car video. Our -- what's -- more in that case, it's real pure software and a terrific business, somewhat product detached, but also standalone in terms of how we sell it.
Greg Brown: It's the analytics, it's the AI at the edge. It's all the things we do. I made mention earlier that we've invested into our Avigilon cloud services. We've now got meaningful connections on that, and that'll be another way for customers to get upgrades. And I think make they keeping current on software, software maintenance more dynamic as well.
Jason Winkler: Yes. And particularly that connections to the clouds and the work that Jack's doing with his team are leading to many new business opportunities hundreds of thousands of cameras, thousands of sites. And the business is really moving in that direction to cloud enabled.
Jack Molloy: And the last thing Fahad, I'd say on that is, you hear Greg talk a lot about acquisitions. I'll hit again on Envysion. That's approximately $25 million in recurring revenue. There you think about Openpath which is an access control recurring revenue model access control. And so there were re-envisioning that business as well. So I just -- those are other things that really are more software driven, recurring revenue model business, and that's really where we're pushing the business.
Fahad Najam: Appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Lapinski: Hi team. This is Erik on for Meta. Thanks for taking our question and congrats on another great quarter. You understand this is a small dealer relative to everything else, but maybe if we could dive in a little bit on the command center deal, you saw with the City of Yonkers, I'm wondering like what drove their upgrade to command central was that timing of refresh with what they already had. Were they looking to integrate their body-camera deployment? And then you also noted to fix the video portion of that. Are they integrating fixed a video into the command central deployment? And are there other similar deals in the pipeline that you're looking at that you can work with customers maybe as they take advantage of some of their funding?
Greg Brown: I'll take a first stab at this, but at the customer level, Yonkers is a very progressive technologically savvy police, chief and command staff. This started I want to say this probably started nine. The discussion started probably sometime mid last year originally around a mobile video. And they've added obviously to that in the command center space. And I think what they're thinking about is they're leveraging how is information sharing so everything from digital evidence management to how that's shared seamlessly through the rest of the command center. I don't know if Mahesh has anything else you'd add onto that but?
Mahesh Saptharishi: Yes, I think you can think about this -- across the incident life cycle. We have products today that touch on every aspect of that incident lifecycle, a fixed video from Avigilon really gives you that pre-incident view, but also gives you that view during the incident integrated into or being management solution, but also coming into our command central aware platform as well. Then you have CommandCentral suite products across the board. Then you have vigilant ALPR solution. That was part of that equation as well, to enable fast investigations. Leveraging both the fixed camera solution, but also ALPR cameras as well, body-worn cameras feeding into that same evidence platform adding to the mix and then mass notification was also part of the story there. So all that together, it really gives you a view of an integration between those products really enabling effective incident response. And I think that was the value to Yonkers.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you. And I mean, when you just see the market and those types of deals, do you expect more of a consolidation that way? It seems that it would make sense, but also understand not everyone is tech. Is that tech savvy as maybe their police chief? What can you do from a sales motion perspective to kind of bring in more deals like that?
Greg Brown: So, two things Mahesh used this -- made a comment, and this is something that Mahesh and I talk about all the time. It's meet customers, where they are. So some customers have a different -- they're on different investment journey. Some may want to buy from different vendors, what we're incenting our sales team to do. And this is really important. And this actually started in 2020 is incenting them, and they have a chance to make some pretty significant incentives to sell full suite integrated networks, where they're using all pieces of our command center software technology. That's the goal. We think they've got the right relationships and what they'll need to do is go continue to execute on that and find more and more Yonkers.
Mahesh Saptharishi: I'll just add to that. Just after that so 75% of our orders in Q3 were either new customers' ordering more than one of our platforms or adding to existing Motorola Solutions, really leveraging that tight integration between them all.
Erik Lapinski: It's a great start. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you. Mine will be pretty easy. The first one is Greg, you said something in my ears, didn't quite catch it. So maybe you can clarify, you said really preliminary, preliminary, really early looks for next year. I heard a 7% then I think I heard a 10%, but I wasn't sure if you're breaking down product services or company-wide, if you could just clarify that, then I have one other little clarification.
Greg Brown: Sure. Jim. Yes, no. I was talking about 7% revenue growth in 2022 full company view and then software and services being around 10% revenue growth within that envelope. That's kind of what we see at this point in time. And then the details and more color we'd give a quarter from now.
Jim Suva: So that was easy. My second easy part is, and then I'll be done. Your outlook, you raised your revenues for the full year and for Q4, but then the EPS you raised it, but not as much as the EPS beat, is that all attributed to additional shipping costs? Or is there something else in Q4 as to why earnings wouldn't be as much as the beat that just we had in Q3? Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Jim, it's Jason. It's some of what I discussed earlier with Paul around supply chain costs, but additionally, it is higher OpEx in Q4 for funding the two acquisitions that we just brought into the fold of Openpath exactly and Envysion, which is driving our envelope to 1950 for the year. Those are -- we're very happy to fund those within the OpEx line, great companies. That's also a factoring into the math that you're doing.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And thanks so much for the details on the calls.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer for any additional or closing remarks.
Greg Brown: Thank you. Listen, I just want to say thank you to the whole management team, but also to all the employees in MSI. I mean, there's so many good things going on, but it's a tough environment. I want to thank the people on the frontline, the sales organization, that's really executing well and contributing to Q3 record backlogs supply. You hear it with every company. You hear it all the time, but the supply chain environment, as we said, challenging in Q3, remains challenging in Q4. And I just think the team here in mixing and matching and there's more fluidity and uncertainty in supply chain in Q3 and Q4 than we've had in prior periods. And I think the adaptability staying in touch and close touch with key suppliers. I appreciate all that. Everybody on the support teams and back office and support functions in particularly HR and Karen Dunning and Terry Bell, because we have, it's a tough environment. We have vaccine mandate compliance requirements. We're always following rules and regulations by facility and by state and Karen and Terry, Mark Hacker phenomenal. I'm thrilled with Q3 and the results across the board. I'm proud that we're able to for three consecutive quarters' raise top and bottom line. And I think we're really well positioned going into 2022, despite the challenges we have, but we'll stick together, like we always do. We'll be flexible and will continue to be steadfast and focused. And I appreciate everybody's contribution onward and upward. And thank you everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 18:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2021 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President of World Wide Products Sales and Services; and Mahesh Saptharishi, Senior Vice President and CTO, Software Enterprise & Mobile Video. Greg and Jason will review our results, along with commentary, and Jack and Mahesh will join for Q&A.  We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release in the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And, with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook. First, Q2 was an excellent quarter.  We grew revenue 22%, earnings per share of 49% and operating cash flow 86% versus the prior year. Additionally, we expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and ended the quarter with $11.2 billion of backlog up 7% versus last year and a record for Q2. Second, we saw strong demand in both segments of our business during the quarter in Products and Systems Integration. Revenue was up 44% and operating margins expanded 270 basis points, driven by growth in our LMR and video security technologies and in Software and Services revenue was up 19% and operating margins expanded by 210 basis points on growth in LMR services, video security and command center software.  This strong broad-based performance highlights the strength of our business and value of our mission critical integrated ecosystem. And finally, based on the strong backlog and momentum that we're seeing across our business, we're raising again our full year guidance for both sales and earnings per share.  I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts. 
Jason Winkler : Thank you, Greg. Our Q2 results included revenue of $2 billion, up 22% including $47 million from acquisitions and $66 million from favorable FX. GAAP operating earnings were $370 million and operating margins were 18.8% of sales compared to 13.5% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $482 million, up $123 million or 34% from the year ago quarter and non-GAAP operating margins of 24.4% of sales, up from 22.2% driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage in both segments. Inclusive also higher costs related to employee incentive compensation this year. GAAP earnings per share of $1.69 compared to $0.78 in the year ago quarter. This increase was primarily due to increased sales volume, improved operating leverage. A lower tax rate related to the release of valuation allowance and lower reorganization charges in the current quarter.  Non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.07 compared to $1.39 last year, primarily due to higher sales and improved operating leverage in both segments. OpEx in Q2 was $477 million, up $51 million versus last year, primarily due to higher compensation-related incentives and higher expenses related to acquisitions.  Turning to cash flow. Q2 operating cash flow was $388 million compared with $209 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $326 million compared with $155 million in the prior year. These increases in cash flows were primarily due to higher sales and working capital improvements, partially offset by higher cash taxes. Capital allocation for Q2 included $121 million in cash dividends, $102 million in share repurchases, at an average price of $206.85 per share and $62 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter we issued $850 million of new long-term debt and redeemed $324 million of outstanding senior notes due in 2023. Subsequent to quarter end, we acquired Openpath, a leader in cloud-based access control solutions for $297 million and we invested $50 million in equity securities of Evolve whose technology powers our concealed weapons detection solution.  Moving to our segment results. Q2 products and Systems Integration sales were $1.2 billion, up 24%, driven by strong growth in LMR and video security. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $38 million. Operating earnings were $194 million or 16.2% of sales, up from 35.5% in the prior year and higher sales and improved operating leverage inclusive of higher costs related to incentive compensation. Some notable Q2 wins and achievements in this segment include a $37 million P25 order for the Kentucky State police, our $36 million P25 upgrade for a state in the US. A $30 million P25 order from Marta in Atlanta, a $29 million P25 device order for a large US state and local customer and a $5 million video security order. Our largest single fixed video order from a US federal customer today. Moving to the Software and Services segment. Q2 revenue was $773 million, up 19% from last year, driven by growth in NMR services, video security and command center software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $9 million. Operating earnings were $288 million or 37.2% of sales, up 210 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales, higher gross margins and improved operating leverage and also inclusive of higher compensation-related incentives this year. Some notable Q2 wins in this segment include an $18 million French MOI body worn camera frame agreement, a $15 million license plate recognition software extension with the US based customer, a $10 million P25 multi-year services extension for Ohio's statewide network and a $10 million P25 maintenance renewal with the US federal customer.  Additionally, we launched command central suite public safety is first cloud native 911 call to case closure solution. Looking at our regional results North America Q2 revenue was $1.3 billion up 20% on growth in LMR, video security and command center software. International Q2 revenue was $659 million up 25% also driven by LMR, video security and command center software. We saw strong growth in EMEA during the quarter, while in Asia Pac, growth was minimal as the region continues to navigate impacts from COVID 19.  Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a Q2 record of $1.2 billion, up $741 million compared to last year, driven by $660 million of growth in North America and $81 million of growth internationally. Sequentially backlog was down $57 million driven by revenue recognition on the Airwave and ESN partially offset with growth in LMR products. Software and Services backlog was up $257 million compared to last year, primarily driven by North America multi-year service contracts and sequentially backlog was down $130 million driven again primarily by the revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN. Products and SI backlog was up $484 million [ph] compared to last year and $73 million sequentially, driven primarily by LMR growth in both regions.  Turning to our outlook, we expect Q3 sales to be approximately, up 10% with non-GAAP EPS between $2.09 and $2.14 per share. This assumes FX at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately $174 million shares and an effective tax rate of 23% to 24% and for the full year we now expect sales to be up between 9.5% and 10%, an increase from our prior guide of 8% to 9% and we now expect full year non-GAAP EPS between $8.88 and $8.98 per share, up from our prior guidance of $8.70 to $8.80 per share. This increased outlook incorporates the ongoing supply chain constraints, primarily in LMR and assumes FX at current rates. A weighted average share count of approximately $173 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 22%.  I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg. 
Greg Brown : Thanks, Jason. I thought I'd end with a few thoughts as we conclude the call. First our results for the quarter were excellent. We achieved Q2 record sales, operating earnings and EPS, expanded operating margins, grew our video security technologies by 66% and achieved strong growth in LMR and command center software technologies as well. Additionally, we finished the quarter with record Q2 ending backlog and a robust pipeline that we expect to drive growth for the remainder of the year. Inclusive of the continued supply chain challenges that we're navigating primarily in LMR. Second in video security demand remains strong. We've continued investing in this area, even during the early days of the pandemic and these investments have positioned us well to capture the increased demand we are now seeing from our customers. Additionally, we just announced our acquisition of Openpath, a leader in cloud-based access control solutions, Openpath is disrupting the Access Control industry and extends our value proposition in the $15 billion video security market. As a result, we're also renaming the technology within our revenue disaggregation from video, security and analytics. So now video security and access control to reflect these investments and the future of video and access control convergence. And finally, as I look to the second half of the year. I'm encouraged, I'm encouraged by our execution across all of the businesses. In LMR customer are looking to invest in their networks, including several statewide upgrades and we're gaining traction with our APX NEXT device designed for the highest tier of public safety requirements. In video security and command center software, we're leveraging our large installed base and go to market footprint to drive continued strong growth. And with respect to ESG we recently released our 2020 Corporate Responsibility Report, which highlights our strategy and performance. Our work in this critically important area has been recognized by Forbes, who named us as one of the best employers for diversity and Barron's who named us as one of the most sustainable companies. I'm proud of what our teams are doing and look forward to further progress as we continue to deliver mission critical solutions that create value for employees, customers communities and our shareholders.  And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tim. 
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tim Long from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Tim Long: Thank you. Maybe just two if I could first, could you touch a little bit on the command center software side, maybe just give us a little update on how you're penetrating the peace apps and how the kind of the suite sales are going with more than one or two software modules to the customer base. And then second on the video side, it looks like there's been a lot of traction and wins internationally on the body worn side, can you talk a little bit about the US market where I guess over the next few years. Maybe there'll be more bids coming up, so could you just talk a little bit about how you could further penetrate the US market there. Thank you. 
Greg Brown : Yes on command center software. We continue to Tim to make good progress. Our growth rate in Q2 increasing over Q1. The penetration of new customers also continues to expand from a suite standpoint. I think the number of customers in Q2, ordering the suite is comparable or about 25%. We stated last time a quarter ago. But we continue to make solid progress on multiple fronts on the command center software slide and overall I think I'm pretty pleased.
Jack Molloy: Tim, it's Jack. Hello. Maybe just to follow on to that. I think the other thing, as it relates to command center software just from an environmental standpoint I think there is some excitement both with our sales teams and our customer engagement, just in terms of our, we have an on-prem solution that we're actually have a path to the cloud for customers. I think being able to meet them for where they want to be, will be effective for us so that this closing off on that with [indiscernible] software. Mobile video just a couple of updates there Tim or with other body-worn business, so we had talked the previous three quarters that we had grown our orders north of 60%, we actually grew north of 80%. Tim we doubled our body worn cameras shipments through the first half of the year over the first half of 2020 and it looks like from the data we've looked at, and it's just early which end, but it looks like we continue to take share through Q2. 
Tim Long: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you. I have key questions. Greg, first, and maybe Jack could you give us an update on PCR. And how much that contributed to your very high growth rate and LMR in the quarter and then the second question is, I was hoping you could kind of give us more color on Openpath on how much revenues, it contributed to the business and was open profitable before you guys acquired started integrating?
Greg Brown : So in terms of PCR you kind of taking a step back, obviously we've raised the full year again for the second time Sami. If you look at this from a segment level, our performance is strong in both segments, software and services is stronger. But also we had given color that we thought product and SI would grow mid-single digits for the full year, our raise is driven byproduct and SI now being expected to grow mid to high-single digits for the full year that stronger growth is driven primarily by video, but also by LMR. In Q2 PCR had a great quarter, strong double-digit growth, but it's also the area as Jason referenced. That's probably the most supply constrained. So if I think about SAM of your question about expectations for PCR growth over the full year. I'd like to think about it is mirroring the mid to high-single digits for the product and SI segment overall. Q2 was much stronger than that, but in the second half. We have to continue to navigate supply constraints and that's informing our expectations and guidance for full year PCR.  On Openpath, it's not profitable for the remainder of the year, full year the stub revenue period, it's probably about $5 million of incremental revenue in the second half of this year, the last five months, and it's a nickel dilutive but having said that, I am super excited by this acquisition. I think it's leading edge around cloud-based multi-factor authentication access control. I love the products. I love the architecture. I love the management team and the leadership team Mahesh was instrumental in guiding this along with Raj and John Kedzierski and couldn't be more pleased with the. I don't know if you want to mention anything, Mahesh about it. 
Mahesh Saptharishi : Within the Avigilon portfolio we have always had access control, access control in fact has been one of the fastest growing product portfolios within Avigilon. It is an on-prem solution. The on-prem solution connects to third party leaders controllers and panels as appropriate. We are open is going is really a mobile first approach and a cloud native approach. The user experience that we see in the future for access control is one where authorized users never realized that the door is locked in the first place. It's friction less. It is contactless and from that standpoint Openpath complements our Avigilon access control solution well and together, I think we have a good solution going forward. 
Greg Brown : And just last item on the revenue you would asked. It's about $0.05 dilutive to EPS this year. And in $5 million in revenue in the second half.
Sami Badri: Okay, perfect. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Meta Marshall with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Hi team, this is Eric [ph] on for Meta. Thanks for taking our question and congrats on another great quarter. Maybe sticking on some of the fixed video side when we think about that large federal deal you won, are there other federal deals in the pipeline, you're looking at now. Is that an area where demand is picking up with a lot of the federal funding and things we talked about last quarter just wondering on that and then maybe if we could also talk about the enterprise side and if open more opportunities and enterprise piece, it looked like their presence was probably stronger there. So anything on that. Thank you. 
Greg Brown : Sure. So I think the starting out, are there. Are there more big opportunities in the federal government. Yes, I would tell you the federal government is ripe with opportunities. There's opportunities by way of an NDA. There is opportunities that our go-to-market teams have created also the Pelco acquisition, if you recall from a year ago had federal contracts in place. So there's opportunities there. So the federal government as part of the overall government market is one of the three largest growth vectors for us in fixed video. The second part of your question, I believe. Eric, can you just repeat was the second part of on enterprise. 
Jack Molloy : So enterprise. Yes, so just a reminder, our video security and access control business is still really roughly 70% to three quarters enterprise. So OpenPath as Mahesh very eloquently alluded to, well, I think will accelerate converged opportunities between video security and access control. Our customers more and more COVID taught us that they want the ability to remote monitor networks. They want frictionless access control. I think the marriage of those two things together will only open up more and more doors in the enterprise for us. 
Greg Brown : And Eric a quarter ago. Jack talked about fixed video government revenues being about $300 million, maybe a little bit more, I think as we sit here today. The government contribution for all in video revenue is closer now to $330 million to $340 of revenue. And again the demand we see is really strong. We had 66% growth in Q2. About 40% of that was organic and again informing our full-year raise we now expect video security technology to be, we said it was 20% plus. We now expect approximately 30% with organic growth being a little bit more than 20% of that. So really good performance by the whole portfolio.
Unidentified Analyst: Awesome. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to ask about the supply chain constraints. It's obviously a recurring theme through earning season here, but can you talk about what kind of revenue impact it might have had this quarter and then also the margin impact, and then how do you see that going forward. Thanks a lot. 
Greg Brown : Thanks for the question. So, the supply environment that we've been navigating all year is primarily around LMR and as Greg mentioned specifically most around PCR. Our supply situation did improve incrementally in Q2 and in our guidance for the second half. We've contemplated continuing to have to navigate supply chain related constraints those are factored into our full year guidance in our second half. So we expect to have to navigate through them. We're working with key suppliers. A handful of suppliers, handful of critically important parts. We're making progress. The teams are doing well. We have executive relationships that are helping us prioritize in our suppliers recognize that our equipment is critically important to first responders. So we have good success in getting prioritization.  On the cost side despite the challenging environment, we have not seen material input costs rise significantly in the first half, of course we plan every year for material cost reductions. Those are becoming more challenging to achieve that said and we didn't see a big material cost driver in the first half we'll navigate through some small increases in the second half. One area in the P&L that we are absorbing higher costs is freight if you control for the volume and the growth that we've had, we're seeing rate increases whereby the first-half absorb $20 million more than would have been expected on higher growth, which is a reflection of higher air freight, the shift to shorter supply chains elongated lead times, et cetera, which we're navigating. So that's where we've seen the one input cost rise isn't freight [ph].
Jason Winkler: Yes. And just to put a bow on it. George, I think that what's informing our full-year raise for the year is demand not necessarily any improvement in supply chain, although as Jason just talked about, I think he and his team did a very nice job in hand to hand combat working through Q2, but we have our work to do with key suppliers for the back half of the year. Again, this is primarily around PCR but I think that view is contemplated into our full year guidance.
George Notter: Got it. And then, Greg, real quickly; you mentioned the raise on expectations for the full year. I think you're getting a tailwind from FX here. Certainly, you had some in Q2. I'm not sure how much of that was already in the plan. But it feels like you're going to continue to get some benefit is that part of the full-year raise on guidance or no?
Greg Brown : Not much, the FX benefit when you take a look at the full year was much more weighted to the first half. So that's not really driving. It's a component, but it's not as much as it was in the first half we had I think a $100 million. In the first half tailwind and if I look back half Q3, Q4 that tailwinds more like approximately 40.
Jason Winkler: So it hasn't changed much from the last time we shared those numbers, and it's always been first half tailwind more so than second half. 
George Notter: Good, thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go ahead. 
Paul Silverstein: Thanks, Greg. And Jason, I think you all had previously characterized demand is increasing month by month just quarter-by-quarter but ongoing improvement is that moderating as we proceed further and further into the ore out of the pandemic or perhaps not out of the pandemic, what are you seeing from a linearity perspective.
Greg Brown : Well, I mean obviously in terms of overall demand, demand is strong Paul, it represents itself in Q2's results I recognize the comp of it being a COVID quarter but also guiding in Q3, a double-digit top line revenue print 9.5 to 10 is strong and that's being driven in large part by record backlog. So it's a really good demand environment, it's incrementally better and look if I take a step back, high level. I see demand strong. I see the funding environment for our customers and this is in North America centric comment, but that's where 2/3 of our revenue is and with the stimulus and $350 billion available to state and local and then other money is available to education and FEMA and other areas, there is literally hundreds of billions is available to our end user customers through the end of 2024. some of the outlying timeline. So demand is strong funding is strong backlog, backlog is at record Q2 and we're also getting traction with new products that we invested in during the downturn. And I think a lot of video security technology and that's double-digit growth rate in Q2 and the overall raised to now approximately 30% for video security technology of which over 20% is organic is driven by new product investment. We also talked about new product APX NEXT we're continuing new product on command center software both prem and cloud. New product investment inorganically with cloud-based access control. So high level Paul, again, there is a lot of work to do and we want to be easy in the saddle in the second half, and navigate these supply chain challenges, but there's a lot of positive that I see.
Jason Winkler: Paul, even in the parts of our business that are less backlog driven for example video that's about pipeline, it's about execution within the quarter and the 40% organic growth in Q2 and our outlook for now 30% growth for that business on the year is a function of higher pipeline as well as executing and delivering within the quarter on that part of the business. 
Greg Brown : The other thing that we've seen that we saw a lot of our competitors furlough selling resources during COVID. We actually continue to put the pedal to the matter hired more particularly in the video security space, and as we look back in that 12, 9 months after the fact we think without a doubt that's created great opportunity and it's created our ability to go take market share in that space. 
Paul Silverstein: Can I just follow up, the massive amount of federal work Jason that's on the docked albeit not yet passed and may not pass. Our customers are first responder agencies already talking to you about allocating funds, are they waiting for the actual dollars to flow.
Jason Winkler: So Paul what I would say is, so think of government money in two buckets there is, we don't even talk about the CARES Act money anymore, but by the way CARES Act money was available last year that we benefited from and it's available through the end of this year that we're benefiting from. I would say that the results we printed so far largely don't even include a stimulus money that I just articulated, which is $350 billion of state local, $170 billion in education, $38 billion in airport and transit et cetera, but those conversations to your question Paul are absolutely beginning to take hold with our go-to-market sales organization for both this year and multi-year planning.
Paul Silverstein: Got it. All right. I appreciate the response. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Louie DiPalma with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Louie DiPalma: Greg, Jason, Mahesh and Tim. Good afternoon. Greg, can you talk about the prevalence of the access control market for the education vertical specifically, it seems that you've invested a lot and for the education vertical with Avigilon and security with access control have increased in importance with the multitude of gun related incidents. Is this a major opportunity for Motorola and do you plan to continue be acquisitive in order to grow your share of the access control market.
Jack Molloy : So Louie, it's Jack. I'll start and I think Mahesh will have some things to add in to my comments. First of all education is one of our top, it's our second largest vertical in terms of growth right now in video security and access control. Frontend center to what every school superintendent school safety thinking about is safety of their kids. We talk about the convergence of video security and access control, but there is also the ability to converge two way radio through our safety reimagine platform that we're selling to schools. Greg just talked about the federal monies that have been, that have been pointed to schools its historic in terms of school is one of the biggest problems always had their interest, but there is an funding and now we've got interest married with funding. We also put together a specialized sales team that just talks to school superintendents every day, and we think that overlay team has helped us kind of accelerate opportunities. Mahesh, from a technology standpoint, is there anything you want to add?
Mahesh Saptharishi : I think going on that there is we just launched our Motorola Solutions concealed weapons detection solution, which is a key part of the story. When you think about it in the context of access control it's not just who are you, are you authorized to be there, but also what risk you pose. So this complements our Access Control solution really well. 
Louie DiPalma: Great, thanks. Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Trevor Bowers with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. 
Trevor Bowers: Hi guys, congrats on the quarter and thanks for taking my question. You mentioned on the last call and also earlier today that it looks like you're taking share in the body-worn camera market, what would you say is driving the success in that space. 
Greg Brown : So, I think first of all customers want an alternative. It's been a market primarily led by one company they want an alternative. But I think in public safety trusted relationships, matter. We've been in business for as you know, over 90 years we've got trusted relationships throughout the state and local market, we also bear the advantage of having a very large international footprint and we think that's obviously been beneficial to us as well. We've got things we're working on in terms of new products both in terms of body worn cameras in terms of in-car solutions. But again, we think it's an area around police transparency and accountability, then we'll continue to get focus and funding, and we think there's an opportunity for two players in the market and we're capitalizing accordingly. Mahesh, you may.
Mahesh Saptharishi : Maybe one other thing that I would add is Jack mentioned this previously we meet our customers' needs where they are. And so having both in on-premises solution along with the cloud solution really matters here as well. And that's the other reason we win.
Trevor Bowers: Okay, great. And then, what sort of long-term impact would you say the pandemic has had on Motorola is go-to-market approach. For example, do you expect there to be less travel and entertainment spending in the future or maybe more efficiencies as a result of new sales and delivery methods. How should we think about that going forward?
Greg Brown : Great question. Think pivot to digital. I think digital marketing in our spend to try to get customers, particularly customers that have needs that we may be unaware of that's one. We've pivoted continue to grow our inside sales force, not only in the US but abroad. We think that's critically important and we've also just become more efficient in terms of not only our frontline selling teams but are all powerful sales engineers, how do you get more leverage and get more tactical acumen in the moments that matter with their customers and that's truly been something that we've pivoted to. With all that said we do are fairly large-scale enterprise or government sales and it's going to take some face to face engagement. So we're still going out and seeing customers but we've just driven to be more efficient and we don't think it as much about time traveling and selling time that was a legacy way to think about it, we think about and I measure our teams in terms of engagement time now and so that's really where we've seen the pivot.
Trevor Bowers: Okay, great. Thanks a lot and congrats, again.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. 
Ben Bollin: Yes, afternoon guys, thanks for taking the question. Greg, you've talked about the framing for the American Rescue Plan Act in the amount of money there, what's your perspective on when you see the sweet spot of that spending if you think about your sales cycles with how it typically flows and do you have any thoughts on how it might be influencing customer behavior in the different segments radio, surveillance, command center.
Greg Brown : So, Ben first of all, thanks for the question. I think the sweet spot starts and I mean just very early innings in the back half of this year and it's a multi-year run. So state and local funding the $350 billion runs through December of 24, the $38 billion or $40 billion for airports and transit run through 24. There is 7 billion plus for broadband connectivity that runs through September of 30, it's a long runway. So I don't necessarily think there's going to be a part of the clutch quarter for multi-month period. I think it's going to be strong and reasonably consistent over the next few years. I think it helps, I actually think it helps across the suite of what we provide. It helps public safety LMR primarily P25 and the sustainability of multi-year service contracts that elongate these platforms that allow us to do subscriber and radio refresh like APX NEXT over a multi-year period. I think it clearly helps video whether it's fixed video ore body worn for state and local county municipalities. We talked about the benefits around education and quite frankly I think money can flow around 911 PSEP and command center software as well. So I think it's a lift for all three, hard to dimensionalize which one is more of a benefit, but it's clearly favorably to the products and solutions that we have and I like to position.
Ben Bollin: And then, a follow-up. Jason, if I could give the disaggregation of the revenue on Slide 13, could you talk a little bit about the way to think about how much of this is being recurring and also interested and if there is any variation any either average contract duration or how customers are invoicing the recurring business versus the traditional product type businesses. Thanks. 
Jason Winkler: Sure. Thanks, Ben. So in terms of recurring our proxy for recurring is the segment that is software and services, which I believe this quarter was 38% of total revenues. That includes a lot of different varieties of recurring business including service renewals, subscriptions, et cetera and that was up significantly and there has been growing, as you know, even during the pandemic, and it is growing at a rate that's very positive with earnings expansion at ROE. This year, we believe now at 170 bps of OE expansion within the services, the Software and Services segment. So not only growing but expanding profitability. On the technology side you from that same disaggregation, you can see that the video is a strong driver as well as command center software and that LMR is performing well as well with up mid-single digits. 
Ben Bollin: Thanks, everyone. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Fahad Najam with MKM Partners. Please go ahead. 
Fahad Najam: Thank you for taking my question. So given the very favorable backdrop that you just highlighted, if I understood you correctly, glad that some of the funding from 2020 is beginning to flow through right now. But by chance [ph], some programs, like the EFG program getting funding from that we're passive calendar 2020 so we yet to see the benefit of all the ERA and the stimulus spending. Why not take the opportunity to update us on the long-term model, it clearly looks like you're 9-10 model, it's a bit conservative you probably can make it eight to ten now given the expansion in operating margin from favorable software.
Greg Brown : Fahad, thank you. So look, this is a strong environment, demand is strong and the environment is generally favorable, but we are still in a pandemic and we see that by the way popping up, not just with the Delta variant and different policies within the US, but we've seen it in supply chain, we've seen it in factories. We've seen it another countries and we want to be prudent and mindful around the current environment that we're in and while demand is strong and funding is good and there's a lot of reasons to be optimistic and encouraged. We just want to be very mindful and aware of what we don't know and the uncertainty that I think is informing and incorporated into the remainder of the full year.  I do think that there'll be time Fahad over time to update all of you in 2022, by the way, I think that we're likely going to have an Analyst Day. We're targeting doing that in Q1 of next year as we get through this fiscal year, as we get through the large implications of the pandemic, as we get to a point where hopefully the FDA gives general approval for the vaccine. As we get to where many more populations and countries are vaccinated and herd immunity is achieved. And we just think that's a better environment to give an update at that point in time. So I'm not going to. I appreciate your interest and not going to update the model per se yet, but I like we're positioned for the back half of the year and I think we've got some good momentum to build on.
Fahad Najam: I appreciate the answer. I have follow-up question on [indiscernible]. Thank you for disclosing that government video is about $300 million. Can you give us a sense on how big mobile is and how fast could that be growing in general. It seems like it's growing even faster than your fixed video access control business?
Greg Brown : Just two things. Video; first of all, Fahad, on the $300 million. We're now updating that today where we expect the video revenue to government customers now to be about $330 million to $340 million. We talk about the addressable market of video security and access control of being about $15 billion by the way, that's a 2021 addressable market number that grows next year that's inclusive a fixed video. It's inclusive of body-worn video. It's inclusive of in-car video and the commensurate VMS software and cloud-based revenues. So it's an all-in number remember with the acquisition of Avigilon which is fixed video. The acquisition of Pelco fixed video. The acquisition of IndigoVision fixed video that fixed video is the predominant amount of revenue contribution within the technology disaggregation that we characterize. Just to give you a reminder. 
Jason Winkler: So at the total level of all video the rock split between what is fixed video and what is mobile video at the $1 billion plus the part of our business that this year is growing. We believe at 30% this year and that's our increased expectations is 70% fixed and 30% mobile. Both are growing nicely. 
Fahad Najam: Can you share with us how fast is mobile is that late in the quarter. How fast is mobile growing, is it like high 15.
Greg Brown : I would just say this in terms of data points remember, Q2 was, I know it's 66% all in, 40% little bit more was organic and Jack talked about strong double-digit 60% to 65% orders growth for body worn so that's strong growth, which is driven us taking share in the first half and given that the market is looking for a viable alternative and our product performance continues to improve and when I look at the body-worn video book of business and things like Malta or the UK or the French MOI it's pretty strong growth. 
Fahad Najam: Appreciate the answers. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Jim Suva: Thank you. And great job really executing through such a turmoil time of COVID, supply chain issues and things like that. Looking ahead, is it possible that as hopefully we get mass immunity and COVID hopefully dies down and people return back to the office in meetings in person. Is it possible that command center business and installations could actually accelerate just because there's been so hard to meet with people and do testing and show all the bells and whistles of your solutions and also with the government stimulus is coming in or is that just not the way to think about how things could rollout in let's say the next year or two. 
Greg Brown : Jim, I would think about it that as we printed the first half of the year in Q2 and look at the second half. And basically what you're describing is the trends. I really see video security and access control, leading the way. Which is why we're raising the technology view from what we thought would be a full-year 20% plus performance to approximately 30% and that's driving the segment guide products and SI from mid-to-mid to high. So I think if you're thinking about an anchor tenant of incremental growth from current expectations of where we were. I think it's led by video security and then at the second area I'd actually say is LMR and those two areas are driving the increased momentum.  With command center software while it's our smallest component. We're still growing at greater the industry rate. So I'm pleased about that. But we also are offering both on-prem and cloud and we've got organic work to do on the internal development on cloud, but I think Jim looking forward. I think a video security access control and LMR as being more of an incremental drivers from a trend standpoint.
Jim Suva: Thank you so much and again congratulations to you and your full teams.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO for any additional or closing remarks. 
Greg Brown: Thank you everybody. Listen, I'm really pleased with Q2's results and the execution, we were able to achieve. And I just want to take the opportunity to thank my team and to thank all the people in Motorola Solutions. You delivered, you produced, you were un-flinching, you're resilient and I'm super proud of you. I think the other thing, I'm proud of is, we've continued to invest in this business. We did it in the throes of COVID last year. Jack referenced it, we continue to do that. I think in part, some of the benefits we're able to demonstrate. And the second raise of the year is driven by, in the ongoing investment decisions we've made. And last two I thought, so I like our momentum. I like the momentum as we enter this back half of the year particularly pleased with the increased strength of video security, but I'm also proud of the fact that now approximately half of our revenue for the full year will be derived from video, security and software and services and that's a much different proposition and disposition than where we were several years ago. So, I just want to thank everybody to my team. I'm proud of you and we got a lot of work to do and we know what we need to do in the back half. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] You will have an opportunity to ask questions after today's presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2021 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; A - Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Products and Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Software and Services. Greg and Jason will review our results, along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release in the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And, with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results and our outlook. First, Q1 was an excellent quarter. We achieved Q1 records for sales, operating earnings, and cash flow. We expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and ended the quarter with backlog of $11.3 billion up 8% versus last year. Additionally demand remains strong resulting in orders that were higher than any other first quarter in our history. Second, our Software and Services segment had another outstanding quarter and continues to drive revenue growth and operating margin expansion. Sales for the quarter were up 15% driven by growth across our LMR, video security, and command center software technologies and this segment also finished with operating margins up 310 basis points versus last year. And finally, based on the increased demand we're seeing across our business and our strong backlog position, we're raising our full year guidance for both sales and earnings per share for the full year. I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Our Q1 results included revenue of 1.8 billion, up 7% including $48 million from acquisitions and $32 million from favorable currency. GAAP operating earnings of $298 million and operating margins of 16.8% of sales compared to 15.6% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $411 million up $64 million or 18% and non-GAAP operating margins of 23.5% of sales, up from 21% driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage in both segments. GAAP earnings per share of $1.41 compared to $1.12 in the year ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher sales volume, improved operating leverage, and lower legal fees partially offset by the gain from the sale of a manufacturing facility recognized in the prior year. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.87 compared to $1.49 last year primarily due to higher sales and improved operating leverage in both segments. Higher pension income and a lower diluted share count, partially offset by a higher effective tax rate. OpEx in Q1 was $455 million up $4 million versus last year, primarily due to costs related to acquisitions, partially offset by lower discretionary spend. Turning to cash flow. Our Q1 operating cash flow was $370 million compared with $308 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $318 million compared with $260 million in the prior year. The increasing cash flow was primarily due to higher sales and improved working capital, partially offset by higher cash taxes. Capital allocation for Q1 included 170 million of share repurchases at an average price of $175.53 million, $121 million in cash dividends and $52 million of CapEx. During the quarter, we entered into a new five-year $2.25 billion revolving credit facility, replacing our prior $2.2 billion facility and subsequent to quarter-end the Board of Directors approved a $2 billion increase to the share repurchase program. Moving to our segment results. Q1 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1 billion, up 2% primarily driven by growth in video security and professional and commercial radio partially offset by lower sales of public safety LMR, which were impacted by supply constraints. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $35 million. Operating earnings were $131 million or 12.9% of sales up from 12.4% in the year prior on higher sales and improved leverage. Some notable Q1 wins and achievements in this segment, include a $300 million frame agreement with the German MOD to meet their TETRA LMR requirements with an initial order of $154 million recorded in Q1. $72 million of video sales with government customers up 32% from last year, a $37 million P25 upgrade for government agency in Canada, a $33 million TETRA upgrade for large customer in Europe and a $12 million P25 order with the large US Federal customer. Moving to the Software and Services segment. Q1 revenue was $758 million, up 15% from last year driven by growth in LMR services, video security, and command center software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $13 million. Operating earnings were $280 million or 36.9% of sales, up 310 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales, higher gross margins and improved leverage. Some notable Q1 wins in the segment, include $40 million of orders for P25 services, upgrades and body-worn cameras with Nashville, Tennessee. A $35 million Push-to-Talk over broadband multi-year contract with a large US customer. A $22 million P25 and Push-to-Talk over broadband contract from a large Middle Eastern customer. $13 million of body-worn cameras with multiple UK customers and our largest cloud-based command center software win to-date. A $5 million contract with St. Lucie Florida. Additionally, we announced a new product integration between our V3100 body-worn camera and our APX P25 radio platform. Looking at our regional results. North America Q1 revenue was $1.2 billion, up 6% and growth in LMR, video security, and command center software. International Q1 revenue of $588 million was up 9% with growth in EMEA, Asia Pac, and Latin America. The growth was driven by video security and LMR. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was a Q1 record of $11.3 billion, up $866 million compared to last year driven by $639 million of growth in North America and $227 million of growth internationally. Sequentially backlog was down $130 million driven by revenue recognition on the Airwave and ESN contracts partially offset with international growth in LMR products. Software and Services backlog was up $548 million compared to last year, driven by $491 million of growth in multi-year LMR services and command center software contracts in North America and $58 million of international software growth. The favorable impact of FX to backlog was offset by revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN. Sequentially backlog was down $269 million also driven by revenue recognition for Airwave and ESN. Products and SI backlog was $318 million compared up $318 million compared to last year primarily driven by LMR growth in both regions. Sequentially, backlog was up $139 million driven by international LMR growth. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q2 sales to be up between 19% and 20% with non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.90 per share and $1.95 per share. This assumes FX at current spot rates, weighted average diluted share count of approximately 173 million shares and an effective tax rate of 23% to 24%. And for the full year we now expect sales to be up between 8% and 9%, an increase from our prior guide of 7.25% to 8% and we expect full year non-GAAP EPS between $8.70 per share and $8.80 per share up from our prior guidance of $8.50 per share to $8.62 per share. This increased outlook includes the ongoing supply chain constraints primarily in LMR products and assumes FX at current spot rates, a weighted average diluted share count of 173 million shares and an effective tax rate of 22.5% to 23%. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Jason, thanks, and now I'd like to end with a few thoughts on the business. First, our results for the quarter were outstanding. We achieved Q1 record sales, orders, operating earnings, and cash flow expanded both gross and operating margins, achieved double-digit growth in video security, command center software and LMR services and our PCR business returned to growth. Additionally, we exited the quarter with a record Q1 backlog and continued strong demand that we expect will drive growth for the remainder of the year inclusive of the supply challenges that we have. We also announced today that the Board approved a $2 billion increase to our share repurchase program. The second thing I would say is demand in our video security business is really strong and we now expect full year growth to be 20% plus up from the high teens we referenced on our last call. In fixed video, which makes up approximately 70% of the total video security revenue. Our investments in AI analytics, cloud services, access control and NDAA-compliant manufacturing is differentiating us from our competitors and driving growth faster than the overall market. And in mobile video, the call for more transparency is driving growth for our purpose-built body-worn and in-car camera solutions and we're gaining share in a market that has predominantly been served by one vendor. During the quarter, we had several large body-worn camera wins both in the US and internationally. Just this morning, we announced a $17.5 million contract to provide about 30,000 body-worn cameras to the French Ministry of Interior. Additionally, during the quarter, we announced two new offerings. The integration of our V3100 body-worn camera with our APX P25 radios, which allow us to leverage our market leading LMR installed base and our $49 per month body-worn camera as a service offering, which offers every police agency in the US with affordable access to a video solution that's fully integrated with our command central software suite. And finally, I'm very pleased with our progress in leveraging our leading installed base in LMR to expand in the command center software, video security, and LMR services. Today, almost half our revenue is generated from these higher-growth areas up from 20% five years ago and our addressable market has tripled over that same period of time. And while we've made significant progress, I absolutely believe we still have a long runway ahead as we continue to deploy capital both organically and inorganically in these areas to drive revenue, margin, and cash flow for the company. And, with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Tim and look forward to your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Tim Long from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Tim Long: Thank you. Two questions if I could both on the video business. Greg, could you talk a little bit, give us an update on how the move into more of the public safety verticals with all of the video offerings is going where are we in that process and how much traction you're seeing there. And then second maybe for Greg or Jack talk a little bit about the body-worn area. It does seem like you guys are seeing more traction there and making a little bit more of a focus. Can you talk a little bit about kind of go-to-market sales force push there and if you could just remind us also for that business how important and how meaningful is kind of the software on the back end of the actual body-worn camera sale? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. I'm pleased with the video security business in total. Both fixed video and mobile. I think Molloy and Kedzierski and the entire team has done a great job on investing in additional go-to-market, refreshing the product portfolio both in fixed video, body-worn camera, and mobile video. As I mentioned, also I think the secret sauce for us is to not just have great products in video, but also the integration and orchestration of that with the installed base that we have with thousands of LMR and PCR networks around the world. I'm thrilled with the progress in body-worn camera, both domestically and internationally. We had the big announcement this morning with the French Ministry of Interior. But we're taking share. We're clearly I think we've been doing that since late last year, the second half of 2020, and it's pretty clear as well that we're taking share and we took share in Q1 and Jack may want to talk about the progress in public safety as well which I'm pleased with.
Jack Molloy: Sure. Yes. Just maybe one point to follow on top of Greg's. First of all, as it relates to body-worn. If you look at the data that was just released by our competitor Exxon and ourselves. They grew their shipment 16% in Q1 that 7,000 units in an absolute perspective whereby we grew body-worn shipments a 104%, which is 11,500 units. So I think that's indicative of the share we've taken. The second thing, Tim, I think you talked about in general our video business into government and if you remember that was a largely nascent business for us just a few years ago, will eclipse $300 million to start there, and I think that really plays on as Greg said both strength in fixed and mobile. And I think we stand at the intersection of two really important things, transparency and government efficiency. The last thing I'd close with is the American Rescue Plan puts us in play for multi-year tailwinds as it relates to incremental public safety spend, spend around education, we're fixing schools with both video security and access control as well. So, I feel good as Greg said just to reiterate a few of those points and add a little deeper, but feel good all-in on government.
Greg Brown: And, Tim, just on software, which is your last part of your question on what -- how that plays into it. This past quarter, you may have seen we announced our CC command central evidence platform, which is our new Azure-based cloud platform, which works seamlessly with all of our body-worn video to help manage the body-worn video and in-car video that comes in and that's important because it doesn't just work with our body-worn video, it also works seamlessly with the whole command center software suite that we have, evidence being managing the body-worn video, but it integrates seamlessly with the entirety of our records platform as well. So they all play together and work well together and we're making the investments across the board as Jack referenced on body-worn and of course also on the software that handles at the back end.
Tim Long: Okay, thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Tim.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Tindle from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good afternoon. I just want to start obviously a very strong Q1, Greg, record backlog as I think on a forward basis, it seemed to be good conditions for the PCR business to continue to recover anything from stimulus might be incremental and then looking at the full-year guidance, the back half growth is around 5% year-over-year and it's more muted seasonality. Just seems like the environment might be healthier than normal from the macro standpoint. So maybe you could touch on the offsets that would cause more muted growth for the full year. And I recognize, I'm getting greedy, but I have to ask.
Greg Brown: No, Adam, look I think the environment is very healthy and the demand is very strong. I think that's indicated by the record Q1 that I outlined in a number of categories and the robustness and the strength of the backlog that we're exiting Q1 as well. Now having said that, right, if you look at first half, second half growth, obviously first half growth for us this year is very high. It's a bit distorted for us and other companies, given the Q2 pronounced COVID effect, but nonetheless, I'm very happy with what we did in Q1. I'm pleased with how we're guiding Q2 and I remind you, Adam, also 90 million of FX favorability is in the first half. It's more like 38 million to 40 million in the second half, but also as it relates to supply, we're still operating under the current environment, which is generally comparable to what it was when we talk to you a quarter ago. Although, I would point out, while it remains challenging, the team did a nice job working with some key suppliers pulling forward key components to execute and print Q1. They're also doing it again, which is informing and driving a very healthy guide in Q2. So while the supply environment remains challenging, we will look to continue on those improvements in the back half, but at this point in time, and given the fact that the pandemic is still there, which I thought it was a prudent guide.
Adam Tindle: Understood. Makes sense. Just as a follow-up. I did want to ask, you touched on video, which is very healthy. I did want to ask on command center software. If I look in the slides correctly, I think that grew around 13% year-over-year, previously you had talked about a goal of 20%. So maybe just color on delta in the quarter, is this just lumpiness and I'm wondering how to think about growth rate of that moving forward. Do you think you'll catch up to that 20% or should we be thinking about attenuating that for now?
Kelly Mark: Adam, it's Kelly. The answer is yes. We're still tracking to the 20%. We're pleased with the growth we got, the 30% in Q1, but as we come into the back half of the year, the growth rates associated with Q2 through Q4 will benefit from the softer comps of what we saw in 2020 on COVID impact and not to mention the other thing is we have some very large NGCS deals, which we won last year that will start contributing revenue in the back half of the year. So going to the approximately 20% is something that we are still targeting.
Adam Tindle: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meta Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. I appreciate it. Sorry, I mean, problem with my phone. Maybe if we could just spend a second on just any -- you mentioned you're having good -- you're mitigating supply chain issues, but just whether any overhang on margins. And just some of these stimulus plans are being rolled out, what do you think will be the cadence of -- are you seeing kind of front-loaded investment as the stimulus funds like backloaded investment or do you think it will be more mitigated throughout the year?
Greg Brown: Yes, Meta. So as we look kind of at the full year and from a margin perspective for the company, from a gross margin standpoint. I think they will be comparable maybe slightly up and that includes probably the gross margin profile for the segments as well products as well as software and services. If you take operating margins, we're now anticipating operating margin expansion in software and services to be up about 140 basis points. That's an increase from what we've talked about a quarter ago by 40 basis points and we expect product segment operating margins to grow as well more commensurate with volume. In terms of the demand environment, I think, it's partially pent-up demand. I think things are reopening as the pandemic depending upon the geography relieves itself and the economy starts to get back into a strong rhythm of expansion. From a stimulus standpoint, there is a lot of money available to our customers, particularly on the public safety side both around the CARES Act, which was already in place for 2020 and continues on through 2021 as well as the American Rescue Plan, which is new available money in the Biden $1.9 trillion Plan. There is $350 billion for state and local funding. There is a $170 billion for school funding. There is $38 billion for airports and transit. There is a lot of money. The other important thing is that these funds are available for about the next 3 years to 3.5 years. So our customers will have available grant money, the environments remaining strong and gets stronger in public safety. The PCR business on the enterprise side grew at 8% in Q1 and we are reaffirming its growth all in for this year. So I like the position we're in and I like the signals we're seeing.
Jason Winkler: One thing I'd add on the input costs. We're not seeing measurable increases on inputs. The one area where we've had to navigate is higher freight costs and moving things to the ocean off of what had been freight, air freight, which are very high. So that's leading to slightly higher inventory for the time being, but we'll navigate through those but as Greg said more opportunities there.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Louie DiPalma from William Blair. Your line is now open.
Louie DiPalma: Good afternoon. Can you talk about your strategy for the education vertical and what you are seeing there in terms of demand?
Jack Molloy: Sure. Louie, hi, it's Jack. The education vertical, it's interesting, because Greg just talked about the American Rescue Plan. There is $170 billion directed to school funding that runs through September 23. So we've really got a duality of opportunities with education. The biggest opportunity we have with education is in our fixed video, security, and access control business. Simply put, it's been one of our highest growing verticals in that business. We not only have a regional sales team, but we have a group of business development vertical specialists that focus and work out with schools on directing funding in those kind of things. So we're really pleased there, but we also work and do -- we have a safety reimagine campaign going on that actually pulls together fixed video security and PCR and that message resonates very well. So think about you get an intrusion on a door access control, sends a signal to a PCR radio whereby every teacher might have one and the level of security that enhances that schools has been impressive. And I think resonates with our customers. So we're really excited actually in my career here this is probably the best opportunity set we've had in education.
Greg Brown: And, Louie, the other key around that is in addition to what Jack said, think automation, think analytics, think integration. So as the Motorola Solutions Critical Infrastructure on fixed video, mobile video, land mobile radio, perimeter detection, backpack, delinquent student, inappropriate trucking on a parking lot. All of that would be automated. As Jack said not only sends an alert to the radio, but also can automatically alert in command central aware, a 911 dispatch operator as well. So we're leveraging the installed base capitalizing on the new fixed video architecture targeting safe schools and integrating and automating all of the technology we have to differentiate in an offering that we don't think anyone else can provide.
Louie DiPalma: Great. So it's not just Avigilon, it's the broad suite of products.
Greg Brown: Exactly.
Louie DiPalma: You're bundling with the analytics and I think you mentioned the PCR radios as well. Got you.
Greg Brown: Yes, and our CTO Mahesh who came with us to -- from us to the -- from the acquisition of Avigilon to Motorola has been critical in the orchestration software work and integration work to make all these technologies seamlessly work together.
Louie DiPalma: Great. Yes I saw him give a presentation for your investment and Evolve technologies.
Greg Brown: Right. And with Evolve that gives us another investment around access control. We were in investor earlier probably a year or two ago with Evolve. We're committed to make a future investments. It's a little bit more consequential. And so when you think about critical infrastructure locations like schools or stadiums or airports or hospitals Evolve and that partnership around weapons detection is another interesting component to integrate into the suite as we develop our product portfolio and think about a differentiated operating going forward.
Louie DiPalma: Sounds good. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Silverstein from Cowen. Your line is now open.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. I appreciate you taking the questions. First just a clarification. I apologize what you stated and I misheard, but Greg I think I heard you say that you're confirming growth for PCR for the full year, but I didn't hear what that growth was?
Greg Brown: We are confirming it for the full year, Paul. I mentioned that it grew 8% in Q1. We didn't give a specific number, but it wouldn't surprise me if the full year growth is generally commensurate with that kind of number, but I like the signals that are coming back from that business.
Paul Silverstein: All right. I'm glad to hear that I'm actually paying attention. So can you give a number, but it always encouraging. But on a serious note, any incremental insight you can give in terms of recovery where all we can read the paper and see in the news that oil and gas and transportation and hospitality were all reopening, there's talk about cruise ships eventually sailing although that hasn't happened yet. I trust you're seeing ongoing improvement and if I may a question for you on your video security in the public sector. So now that it's on a $300 million or over $300 million utilized run rate in a normal Geoffrey Moore crossing the chasm adoption cycle, one would expect or I would expect that to accelerate as that number becomes meaningful. And I don't know if that's a 300. I know you just said 20% up from 15% previously, but should we expect as time goes on you had further acceleration with the benefit of critical mass?
Greg Brown: Well, critical mass, Paul is certainly a benefit as we get greater density and it's kind of a nucleus for a flywheel of growth. We did raise our outlook today on the video security technologies all into 20% plus growth for fiscal 2021 up from high teens. I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate into 2022 necessarily. It's a little too early for that, but the markers are good. The momentum is good. The product portfolio is getting refreshed and the investments that are being made and we're taking share. We're taking share both in the fixed video component. We're taking share in the body-worn camera component. And I also believe that access control and the integration of access control with video security is also a nice opportunity for us as it relates to the individual enterprise verticals that are recovering from PCR perspective maybe Jack can provide a little bit on that front.
Jack Molloy: Yes. So internationally those markets have still been slow to rebound. We have seen, I would say, very measured and slight improvements in oil and gas earlier this year really even in Q4 last year, we started to see some recovery. Hospitality in general is still slow. I would say in the Southeast and through the Southwest, it's a little better, but it's still been slow, we think those things will improve in Q2 into Q3.
Greg Brown: And just thread the two points on growth. Last year's video business for us in total was $926 million, that's the business that we're talking about growing at 20% plus in this year of '21. Jack's comments earlier were about the 300 million of that, that's anticipated this year to be from specifically government, and that's a part of the business that was very nascent just three or four years ago and was part of our thesis in penetrating the Avigilon portfolio into our legacy accounts and we're doing that.
Paul Silverstein: Understood. I appreciate the responses.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kyle McNeely from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Kyle McNeely: Hi. This is Kyle on for George Notter. Thanks a lot for the question. This is somewhat similar to the video question you just answered, but you talked about some of the recovering verticals, but can you talk a little bit about the verticals that are driving that growth for you to take it up from high teens to 20%. There's a lot of the government, I would assume, but is there other enterprises, retail, schools. I believe you mentioned there's casinos, hotels and then is the international play here too or just the US. Could you kind of give us some clarity on how you're playing internationally and how that's doing versus domestic? Thanks.
Jason Winkler: Yes. So for fixed video, the growth drivers really fundamentally been through the first part of this year is North America. We talked about North America, go-to-market coverage, that's paid big dividends. I would also tell you internationally every theater grew. We've done a really nice job in growing international key accounts, that's also a growth driver, and we start to think about from a technology standpoint, it's really been driven by a strength in analytics refresh, camera refreshes and I'd have to hit it again, but the government vertical as well as education continue to be a benefit not only Avigilon, but also the Pelco acquisition, which have helped us in the federal government's leave as well.
Kyle McNeely: Okay, great. And then it's also nice to hear some recovery in the PCR business. I'm wondering if you could comment about the trajectory past this year and whether you have line of sight to when it might recover to the $1 billion run rate, it was pre-COVID. Is that a little too far off to predict or can you give us kind of a timeframe on when you might get back to that previous run rate?
Greg Brown: Well, I would just say this, it is probably too early to predict on that front, but through Q1 and actually quarter-to-date from an orders and bookings standpoint, the trend is very good. Now I'm not going to declare an endpoint of when we return to that level, but I would simply say it's certainly ahead of the expectations that we had a quarter ago when we had the full-year view. And I'd also say, even though we're operating in a supply constrained environment, our channel partners have done a good job, managing this and handling and balancing the inventory levels that they hold to satisfy their customers, but the signals are strong, certainly stronger, I thought they would be good for PCR as you heard me say I thought PCR would return to growth in 2021. We're off to a very good start, orders are strong, and they're probably ahead of my expectations of where we are as we sit here in May, but we'll update you again in August, but it's very good.
Jason Winkler: The other encouraging sign is that we saw a good product launch in Ion and a good reception from that very important part of the portfolio that was released recently and seeing good take rates.
Jack Molloy: And the only other thing, Jason, I'd piggyback on that is also we've talked about our distance learning. We talked about monies that have been available for broadband investments and schools are investing in distance learning. We've talked about four big school districts last year. We've replicated that in Q1 and there continue to be a drumbeat of interest and a lot of those upgrades happen during the summer months. So we're actually very excited about our private LTE, Nitro solution as well.
Kyle McNeely: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Trevor Bowers: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Trevor filling in for Keith. With the American Rescue Plan, you mentioned earlier that customers will have access to that money for the next few years. Have you seen any impact yet on the sales pipeline or is it too early?
Greg Brown: Yes, we have. It's a really good question. We've seen the team -- kind of a -- in a joking way, but you give salespeople and pass the money good salespeople and they go find it and we've had discussions already public safety engagements right away for the state and local funding we've been engaged with schools, but also airports and transits when they've had a little bit of downtime, they're doing some planning as well. Now that they know they've got funding available.
Trevor Bowers: Okay, great. And maybe a quick follow-up. How would you characterize the sales cycle? Has that returned to normal yet or not so much?
Greg Brown: I would say the sales cycle here as we sit in 2021, I would caveat it, in North America, it's largely return to normal, both in terms of government and in terms of our PCR business, which is focused in the enterprise. Europe has been very slow. Borders are still slow down. A lot of it's virtual. Parts of Asia return back to normal and COVID is running through Latin American and things and engagements very slow there, but in North America things have returned very much close to normal.
Trevor Bowers: Okay, great. Thanks and congrats on the quarter.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Trevor.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Fahad Najam from MKM Partners. Your line is now open.
Fahad Najam: Thank you for taking my question. You mentioned supply chain couple of time. Was there any impact to your current quarter from component shortages and how much of your outlook is impacted by component shortages. Can you provide some quantification? And I have a follow up.
Greg Brown: Yes, Fahad. Yes, there was an impact and a constraint on Q1's results from a supply chain standpoint. It's a very small number of suppliers currently. It's primarily LMR. As I mentioned earlier. And while the environment is for the most part unchanged. It has incrementally improved in working with these suppliers to get some additional units for Q1, although we had demand that was stronger than what we could supply in Q1 and we have the supply chain team here is also made some good improvements for Q2 as well.
Fahad Najam: How about the outlook? Is the outlook -- how much of your guide is baking in some headwinds from component shortages?
Greg Brown: Definitely. Our full year eight to nine guide absolutely incorporates the current supply constraints. Without them, it would be higher, but again I think we'd have a stronger second half in an unconstrained environment, but we're working through it. We made improvements in Q1. We are making improvements in Q2, which in part informs the 19% to 20% strength of guide and there is work for us to do in Q3 and Q4 and we'll update you again in August.
Fahad Najam: Okay. My other question I wanted to dive into the fixed video opportunity outside of the United States. Your two largest Chinese these competitors Hikvision and Dahua have been pretty much implicated in running concentration camps in China. To what extent are you beginning to now see meaningful wins in Hikvision and Dahua footprint. And can you provide some quantification. I appreciate that video is growing overall, but how much of it is coming from share gain against these two large suppliers?
Greg Brown: Well, you're right, and I know you asked an international question, but in the National Defense Authorization Act, both those companies are named by name about not having any fixed video deployments and government agencies are and certainly also not being eligible for any federal grant money. It's also Fahad important to remind everybody. We are clear-eyed about the opportunity in the addressable market here which we characterize is about 15 billion or 16 billion and that's zeroing out China, zero. We expect zero fixed video sales in China. I know that Hikvision and Dahua will continue to be the indigenous providers in country. But I think with the NDAA-compliance and the concern around those two vendors in critical security implementations that clearly has a favorable impact as well in other parts of Europe and Western democracies. So I think it's a tailwind.
Jason Winkler: It is. Greg I think you said it well and I would just say within Europe I think there is a great deal of skepticism. Around Hikvision and Dahua right now I would say that also travels into the Middle East and into Australia, we've got significant opportunities and to answer your question directly, we've displaced Dahua and Hikvision on gaming opportunities in the Middle East. IndigoVision, we acquired IndigoVision, if you remember last year, they were the inverse of what we did in Pelco as well where they have better international footprint. We've brought that footprint into our fixed video business and we've been really, really pleased with work they've done to get us in the Middle East, certain parts of Europe, but we had some softness with Avigilon. So again I think international is a market that's going to ramp well for us.
Fahad Najam: I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Fahad.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Thanks for taking the question. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to hit back an earlier question. Specifically, when you look at ARPA, could you talk a little bit about how that stimulus money, how do you think it might influence customers willingness to adopt newer technologies such as surveillance or command center. And then how does stimulus money specifically influence the sales cycle, which I think historically or a bit longer in public sector, does it shrink that sales cycle, any impacts there and then I have a follow-up?
Jack Molloy: Yes, Ben, so let's start with this. We have a selling process that looks at every technology we make, every government agency or every enterprise decision makers that we have, and we do it really a three-dimensional view in any account. We are continually talking about not only our core technologies, but our emerging technologies with those customers. So in the mind of a customer, you first of all have to identify a need. The second thing is really how do you fund it. So you asked a question. What is the ARP plan done? It's alleviated a lot of concerns around visibility to money. And so in that sense in some ways it's never easy to make a sale, but in a lot of ways it clears up one of the biggest obstacles to sale, the great news is albeit that there is some of the deadlines on this funding, go all the way out to 2024. The reality is that there is no reason, there is no prohibition to spend that money earlier. So our sales team obviously has had many, many years at this with funding and we can provide different incentives et cetera to get customers to move faster if that may be the case, but just knowing they have visibility to that money I think provides a very good environment for us.
Ben Bollin: Awesome. Thanks, Jack. Greg, one for you. Lots of encouraging things backlog, stimulus, the recovery as a whole. I got some region a little bit, but any perspective on the former $9 billion in revenue at $10 in EPS framework that you talked about?
Greg Brown: No. No perspective on that yet, Ben, but again you know how we printed Q1 and I referenced a whole litany of different records we've had and that's fine, right, but I don't really care about that in terms of what needs to be done today and tomorrow. It's important in that its foundational and its momentum and this is some of the strongest momentum I've seen in a long time. We have to deliver, we got to execute, we have to navigate supply challenges. There is always a lot to do, but I'm really proud of everybody here on the team. Everybody knows their role. There is no confusion about what we're trying to do and between the deployment of capital organically and inorganically and there remains some interesting inorganic opportunities. It's all about driving sustained shareholder value creation. And I don't mean to sound corny, but I think generally we've been good stewards of capital. We have the expansion to the share repurchase program although that doesn't -- that's we did that because the previous program was running out, but the capital allocation framework that we think about 50% for acquisitions and share repurchase and 30% for dividend and 20% for CapEx in a normalized balance sheet continues. So stay tuned for the opportunities in front, but we're looking to, and by the way, it's not just about 2021. I want to make sure that we continue this momentum in 2022 and beyond. So lots more work to do, but I like the cards we have.
Ben Bollin: Thanks for the perspective.
Greg Brown: Yes. Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you. Unfortunately, I'm going to go back to the supply shortage and component shortage conversation and maybe I was hoping, could you give us an idea on the number of suppliers who are working with that are actually supply constrained and have they given you guys essentially a counts and weeks in terms of what lead times you are looking at. Are they 30, 40 or they 50 weeks across some of the most important components for radios some of other products you guys have?
Greg Brown: So it's a handful of, first of all, the category is semiconductor. As a general category I'm sure that's not a surprise to you, Sami. It's about three or four vendors really that we're working with. We are doing detailed planning with them by week and by months. We regularly weekly go through the allocation necessary for us to meet demand as we balance what to fulfill and what not to. Again it's primarily LMR and I'm engaged with all of those vendors and I have to say they're responding pretty well. I don't want to get over our skis, but they were pretty good in Q1, helping us pull forward some incremental units, and they've been helpful, particularly one supplier that comes to mind. I won't name, but they've been great and the CEO has been an excellent partner and he has been accessible and I call him on his cell phone and he calls me and we talk regularly. He has been excellent and his team is really good and they're helping us through Q2 as well. And we know what work needs to be done in the back half, but at the end of the day, we just want to be prudent about the full year guide and while there is so many strong signals. We'll go a quarter as we go and we'll update you again in August.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then one question for Kelly and this is a little bit tied to the America's Rescue Plan. Now, when you're working with the first responders, now they're looking to deploy or finally integrates sophisticated command center offerings with the modules and more of an end-to-end solution. Does the America's rescue plan allow these customers to go bigger and wider and it's more expensive on the number of modules and solutions they're deploying in their own organizations?
Kelly Mark: The general answer on that is, yes. It is allocated there. They'll have to apply for it. The one area in particular that will get touched on that is the NGCS component, which is the fundamental 911 database backbone, which as you know is a new and growing area of our business that we are participating in now. So you're going to see a lot of applications for the NGCS component to start building on enhanced 911 call centers, which we think then will also drive additional churn of the 911 software base around that have enhanced software to really harvest the multimedia that will come through the NGCS stuff.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Sami.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Suva from Citigroup Investment. Your line is now open.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And first I want to say you and your team for having a great strategy and executing on the operations during such a very difficult time the past year, year and a half. As we look forward with the government stimulus on the customer who about to come in and enter into the market and as you mentioned it's multi-year, it seems like it's going to impact many parts of your business, which parts are kind of going to be the most material and kind of timing of those. Is it more like stationary cameras first and then software second, but it seems like the software, the cameras won't really work without all the software, and it seems like it kind of all touches each other. So I'm just trying, I'm wondering about where you see the biggest opportunity from these government programs as they start to come out in the next few years?
Greg Brown: So if you think about the three technology groups that we report is a subline item. I first of all say given that it's not only state and local funding, but there's educational funding and airports and transits. I would dimensionalize fixed video is likely the biggest beneficiary of the American Rescue Plan. Follow quickly by command center software and then LMR upgrades as well as services, it will be addressed and attached to namely the state and local budget line. So, Jim, those will be the primary beneficiaries. And I would say there are 1A with the secondary groups is being 1B command center software and LMR and services.
Jim Suva: Great. Thanks so much and again congratulations to you and everyone at your company.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Jim.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: Thanks everyone for joining us today and we look forward to talking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-04 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Motorola Solutions’ Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations Web site. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The Web site address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investors. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2020 fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President of Products & Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President of Software & Services. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We’ve posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we’ll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during the presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today’s earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I’ll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our results as well as our outlook. First, I'm very pleased with our performance during the quarter. We achieved revenue and earnings per share above our guidance, had our largest quarter ever for LMR orders in North America and we ended the year with record backlog of $11.4 billion, up $175 million versus last year and up $750 million sequentially. Additionally, we generated $703 million of operating cash flow during the quarter and 1.6 billion for the full year. Second, our software and services segment had another strong quarter as demand for our LMR services, video security and command center software continues to drive growth. For the full year the segment grew 9%, expanded operating margins by 290 basis points and accounted for 37% of total revenues and 52% of total operating earnings for the entire company. Additionally, the recurring nature of this segment and record ending backlog provides us with good visibility going forward and we expect another year of strong growth in this segment in 2021. Finally, we saw a number of events during the year that continue to reinforce the importance of having secure reliable mission critical communications for first responders. Whether it was the hurricanes in the southeast, fires in California or more recently, the explosion in Nashville, our LMR networks continued to provide private, secure voice communication to the men and women on the front lines when other networks were down. And while we continue to invest in broadband solutions that augment LMR with valuable data and location capabilities, the redundancy, resiliency, and reliability that LMR provides during the most critical moments continues to be foundational and a must have for our customers. I'll now turn the call back over to Jason to take through your results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Our Q4 results included revenue of $2.3 billion, down 4% including $60 million from acquisitions and $19 million from favorable currency rates. GAAP operating earnings of $555 million and operating margins of 24.4% compared to 24.8% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $667 million, down $40 million or 6% and non-GAAP operating margins of 29.3%, down from 29.7%, due to lower sales in the Products and SI segment, partially offset by higher sales and improved operating leverage in Software and Services. GAAP earnings per share of $2.37 compared to $1.39 in the year ago quarter. The increase was primarily due to a noncash charge of $1.53 booked in Q4 of 2019 related to the actions taken then to derisk our pension. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.86 versus $2.94 last year, down primarily due to lower sales from Products and SI, partially offset by higher sales and improved operating leverage in Software and Services. OpEx in Q4 was $492 million, down $31 million versus last year, primarily due to lower discretionary spend, lower incentives and then partially offset by costs related to acquisitions. The Q4 effective tax rate was 21% compared to 22% in the prior year. Moving to the full year 2020. Our revenue was $7.4 billion, down 6% primarily related to lower sales of public safety LMR and PCR products, partially offset by growth in LMR services, growth in video security and growth in command center software. Revenues from acquisitions was $203 million and currency headwinds were $12 million. GAAP operating earnings were $1.4 billion or 18.7% of sales versus 20% in the year prior. The decrease was primarily driven by lower sales from Products and SSI, partially offset by higher sales and improved operating leverage in Software and Services. Non-GAAP operating earnings grew $1.8 billion, down $140 million and non-GAAP operating margins were 24.8% of sales, a decrease of only 20 bps despite the sales declines in Products and SI, driven by the actions we implemented around costs, lower incentives and growth in Software and Services. GAAP earnings per share was $5.45 compared to $4.95 in the prior year, which included the previously mentioned noncash charge for pension. Non-GAAP EPS was $7.69, down 3% from $7.96 in 2019 on lower sales and operating earnings, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate and a lower diluted share count in 2020. For the full year, OpEx was $1.8 billion, down $162 million from last year, primarily driven by lower incentives, lower discretionary spend and offset by $75 million from acquisitions. And the effective tax rate for 2020 was 20% compared to 22.4% in the prior year on higher R&D tax credits and higher tax benefits from share based compensation recognized in the current year. Turning to cash flow. Q4 operating cash flow was $703 million compared with $795 million in the prior year, and free cash flow was $637 million compared with $736 million in the prior year. For the full year, operating cash flow was $1.6 billion compared to $1.8 billion in the prior year and free cash flow was $1.4 billion versus $1.6 billion in the prior year. The decrease in cash flow was driven by lower sales and higher cash taxes in the current year, partially offset by improvements in working capital. Capital allocation in 2020 for us included $612 million of share repurchases at an average price of 155 and $0.93 per share, $436 million in cash dividends and $287 million for acquisitions. Additionally, during the year, we refinanced outstanding debt maturities with a new $900 million 10 year debt issuance at a rate of 2.3% and raised our dividend 11%. Moving to our segment results. Q4 products and system integration sales were $1.5 billion, down 10% primarily due to lower sales of public safety LMR and lower sales of professional and commercial radio partially offset by growth in video security. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $44 million. Operating earnings were $408 million or 27% of sales, down from 28.9% in the prior year on lower sales. Some notable Q4 wins and achievements in this segment include $122 million P25 order for Nassau County, New York, a $61 million P25 order for state of New Jersey, over 50 million of P25 orders from several large North America utilities customers, a $26 million P25 order from Morris County, New Jersey, and a $20 million tetra order in the UK. Additionally, we had another quarter of double digit growth in fixed video sales into our government customers. For the full year, revenue in the segment was $4.6 billion, down 13% in the prior year, driven by lower sales of public safety LMR and PCR, partially offset by growth in video security. Revenue from acquisitions was $119 million. Operating earnings were $880 million or 19% of sales, down from 22% in the prior year on lower sales, partially offset by lower operating expenses. Moving next to our Software and Services segment. Q4 revenue was $763 million, up 8% from last year, driven by growth in LMR services, growth in video security and growth in command center software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $16 million. Operating earnings were $259 million or 33.9% of sales, up 220 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q4 wins in this segment include a $100 million P25 managed services contract with the State of Tasmania, Australia, a $79 million tetra managed services contract extension in Europe, a $30 million P25 multiyear service contract with the Minnesota DOT, a $29 million P25 multiyear service contract with Austin, Texas, and finally an $11 million award for a command center software contract in Norway. For the full year, revenue was $2.8 billion, up 9% on growth in LMR services, growth in video security and growth in command center software. Revenue from acquisitions was$84 million. Operating earnings in 2020 were $955 million or 34.3% of sales, up 290 basis points versus the prior year, driven by higher sales and improved operating leverage. Looking next at our regional results. North America Q4 revenue was $1.6 billion, down 4% on declines in public safety LMR and PCR, partially offset by growth in LMR services, video security and command center software. For the full year, North America revenue was $5.2 billion, down 5% with declines in public safety, LMR and PCR, partially offset by growth in LMR services, video security and command center software. International Q4 revenue was $725 million, down 6% due to declines in public safety LMR and PCR, partially offset by growth in video security and LMR services. Revenues declined in Latin America and Asia-Pac while EMEA was up 2%. And for the full year, international revenue was $2.4 billion, down 8% on declines in public safety LMR and PCR, partially offset by growth in video security, command center software and LMR services. Revenue declined for the year in Latin America and Asia pack while EMEA was flat year-over-year. Moving to backlog. Our ending backlog was a record $11.4 billion, up $175 million compared to last year. Sequentially, backlog was up $753 million, driven by record LMR orders in North America during the fourth quarter. Software and Services backlog was up $213 million compared to last year, driven by multiyear agreements in North America, partially offset by revenue recognition for airways. Sequentially, backlog was up $518 million with growth in both regions. Products and SI backlog was down $38 million compared to last year, driven by delays in sales engagements during the year related to COVID-19. Sequentially, backlog was up $236 million in Products and SI, driven by record LMR orders in North America during the fourth quarter. Turning next to our outlook. We expect Q1 sales to be up between 5.5% and 6% with non-GAAP earnings per share between $1.58 and $1.64. This assumes FX at current spot rates, a share count of approximately $174 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 19%. And for the full year, we expect sales to be up between 7.25% and 8% with mid single digit growth in Products and SI and low double digit growth in Software and Services. And we expect full year non-GAAP EPS between $8.50 and $8.62 per share. This assumes FX at current spot rates and a share count of approximately 174 million shares and an effective tax rate of 22.5% to 23%. We expect full year operating cash flow of approximately $1.8 billion, which includes an unfavorable year-over-year impact of approximately $125 million related to higher cash taxes. And we expect full year OpEx to be approximately $1.9 billion, which includes a year over year increase of $75 million related to higher incentives as we plan for growth and $60 million related to acquisitions closed in 2020 offset by further cost reductions. Finally, I'd like to highlight that we are updating our reporting to incorporate an enhanced disclosure around our three major technologies across both segments. As a result in our forthcoming 10-K, you will see net sales in our two segments reported in the following three technologies, LMR mission critical communications, video security and analytics, and command center software. We have provided a supplemental slide in the back of our earnings presentation, representing this view for the previous three years and on an ongoing basis, we will incorporate this into our quarterly reporting. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. And I thought I would end with a few thoughts on the business. First, I want to take a minute to talk about the substantial progress we're making in video security. Three years ago, we began our investment in video security with our acquisition of Avigilon. Since that time, we've added acquisitions that leverage our scale across our portfolio in AI powered analytics, NBAA compliant manufacturing, and go to market coverage. As a result, we expect to generate over a billion dollars in annual revenue this year across our portfolio of video security technologies. This includes our fixed end to end video security and access control solutions embedded with advanced analytics and mobile video, which includes purpose built body worn and in car video solutions that are integrated with back end evidence management software. Additionally, this quarter we began shipping cameras from our new global NBAA compliant video manufacturing facility in Richardson, Texas. In fixed video, we launched Avigilon cloud services last year to connect customers to cloud based analytics, system management and continuous updates. As customers embrace analytics to convert video into data and the scalability of the cloud or run their operations, we expect this to be a growth driver for the business. And in mobile video this quarter, we'll begin deploying customers on command central evidence, which is our next generation digital evidence management platform and a fully integrated component of our premier one cloud suite that includes CAD, mobile and records solutions available on the secure Azure Government cloud. Currently, we have thousands of customers using either our digital evidence management system or command center software, and we believe the intersection of our install base and mobile video in the command center positions us well for continued growth. Second, the investments we're making to integrate Video Security, Command Center software and LMR continue. This past summer, we launched Safety Reimagined, focusing the integration of our products into one unified ecosystem, helping our customers be more efficient and proactive in their security and safety operations. We're redefining the ease with which our AI enabled solutions adapt to the needs of our customers by removing systems silos, simplifying management and automating workflows for the effective detection, analysis, communication and response to incidents. Imagine a scenario where an unusual activity is detected by our Avigilon camera, all security guards with Motorola radios in the vicinity are notified and the case is automatically and seamlessly open in the Incident Management System. Simultaneously, live video streams from the relevant cameras are automatically pumped into the Avigilon control center, and an operator is able to verify the presence of a suspicious package by leveraging our appearance search feature. This intuitive, easily customizable interaction between technologies is enabled by our new cloud based business workflow automation software, Orchestra, which we launched just this past week. Finally, as we close out literally a year like no other, I want to take a moment to reflect on everything we accomplished as a company. When COVID-19 hit, we moved swiftly and with focus to make a number of immediate decisions, including implementing a work from home policy to ensure the safety of our employees and reducing operating expenses, quickly culminating in $162 million OpEx reduction year-over-year inclusive of acquisitions. And yet we remain focused on executing in a challenging environment, with Software and Services growing every quarter and Products and SI improving in the second half as we expected. We also continue to deploy capital and invest for the future. We launched several new products, accelerated product migration to the cloud across our three technologies, acquired five companies, refinanced approximately $900 million of debt at very attractive low rates, repurchased 612 million of shares as well. And additionally, with Gino's retirement, we elevated Jason Winkler to the CFO position, a strong example of our readiness and succession planning. I am really proud of the way our team performed during an unprecedented year. All that we've accomplished and the improvement in our sales engagements demonstrate the enduring strength and durability of both our business and our people, ending the year with a record backlog position is a testament to those efforts, and that momentum helps position us well for a year of strong growth, revenue, earnings and cash flow growth. I'll now turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I’d like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow to accommodate as many participants as possible [Operator Instructions]. Operator, would you please remind all callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from Tim Long with Barclays.
TimLong: Two, if I could. First, maybe Greg, could you just give us an update, obviously, we're in a weird time with COVID and whatnot. But kind of what you're hearing from customers in the public safety side on budgeting and overall health of the customer base? And if there's any impact that you would see one way or the other, if there was some federal stimulus for state and local? And then the second one, maybe for you or Jack. On the video side, can you just talk about two of the areas, one is on the government side. Government, it sounds like it's going well. How much more room is there for growth as you further penetrate there? And then secondly, what does it take to do a better job on the body cam side and how do you see that as an opportunity? Thanks.
GregBrown: So kind of overall, contextually, I feel pretty good about the demand signals we see overall at this point for 2021. Now obviously, we're still in a pandemic. We're matching supply and demand, given some of the supply constraints that we're currently going through. So our guidance is informed by those components and we think our full year is a prudent view given where we are. But I think that I'm really pleased with Q4, in particular, a record quarter in North America, a record quarter specifically with LMR in North America and finishing the year with record backlog are all positive trends. Environmentally, we transitioned from one administration to another. I think that what we do rises to the top of the food chain despite Republican or Democratic presidential administrations. I think our federal business, and Jack could talk about it, in 2020 was solid overall. It was down slightly but it was also coming off two back to back record years. But I think that the Biden administration has opportunities for us. I think it's more likely than not that we'll see stimulus but we'll see. And I think that there's also an opportunity perhaps in the new administration for some bipartisan support for potentially an infrastructure bill, which I think foundationally would serve us well. In terms of state and local and video…
JackMolloy: So Tim, just to kind of decompose your two questions, number one, in terms of our fixed video government sales, we're really pleased with the progress. If you remember when we acquired Avigilon, it was essentially a nascent business and very strong growth. In fact, fixed video growth in 2020 was north of 45% so we like that. That feels good. We also acquired Pelco. And I think it's important to point out that Pelco gave us federal government contractual mechanisms with which to sell upon and we enjoyed that, those contracts in 2020. So we feel good about that but more importantly, where we're going moving forward in 2021. With respect to mobile video, actually, we had a very strong year. If you look at the second half of the year, both Q3 and Q4, orders for body cams were up for us over 60% in both respective quarters. Fundamentally, what we're hearing from our customer base is customers want an alternative. I think with our market reach, our go to market coverage, our channels, I think we've got a reach to start to get into suburban rural municipalities as well, which is where we're going to start seeing the next level of decisions. The other piece of it that we haven't talked much about was we acquired a company called Edesix through our Avigilon acquisition. We had two international wins of over $1 million last year. And again, we think we're well set for the international market. The last thing and I think that really ties it all together and Greg hit it on the script is we're obviously launching a new digital evidence management platform this year with CommandCentral Evidence. We've got a differentiator and that our body worn and how mobile video flows ties into our full workflow with CAD mobile records and are obviously digital evidence management. So we're excited. We think we're well poised for the body worn space as well.
Operator: And the next question will come from Adam Tindle with Raymond James.
AdamTindle: Greg, I just wanted to start, on the last call, you called 2021 a growth year for both segments. I know you didn't specifically guide, but there's some perception that you are comfortable with street estimates. You have strong backlog. I think currency moved your direction but now today guiding below street estimates. So is this just a case where we were off in terms of the street, or is there anything that gives you maybe a little bit more conservatism now versus 90 days ago?
GregBrown: As I mentioned 90 days ago, I did expect us to forecast growth in 2021 and that's what we're doing. I do feel, Adam, pretty good about the growth overall but also by segment and the respective technologies and the theaters. I think that we'll grow products in mid single digit. We expect to grow Software and Services in low double digit. The backlog position, as you referenced, serves us well. I think the fact of the matter is we're still early days in February and still in the middle of a pandemic. Things are incrementally getting better. And we're still operating at this point, Adam, with some supply constraints and limitations. Now the demand signals are stronger than the current supply constraints that we have. So that's also informing our guidance and we think given the overall environment, is probably a prudent thing to do at this point in time. We'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
AdamTindle: And just as a follow-up, I wanted to maybe paint a narrative and have you respond to it. Right now, it seems like the body worn camera market is becoming increasingly important to the customer base. And wondering how this impacts the share of wallet opportunity within the customer base for follow on products? Because the investor concern is that you're known for LMR leadership, not necessarily known for body worn camera leadership. And as this becomes more important, perhaps it's a better opportunity for your competitor to upsell their software suite. So I think you kind of understand the narrative there. I'd just be curious, your comments on that and how you would potentially debunk that.
GregBrown: No. I mean, look, I think the body-worn video area is a great opportunity. I think historically, it's been served by one provider. Now there's a more compelling viable choice as an alternative in Motorola Solutions. I think Jack referenced the strong order activity that he saw in Q3 and Q4. I think that serves us well. We also think the integration of body worn video and evidence management into the command center, given our incumbency and strong position across the different modules that broaden the whole suite and command center software, I like that position. And look, I also think we can grow internationally with body worn camera. And at the end of the day, the body worn video addressable market, we think, is about $500 million all in with body worn camera and evidence management. I think we have a great opportunity to take share and be a competitive compelling number two. But I also like the fixed video and access control addressable market being a multiple of that. Without China, we think it's about $15 billion. So there's a lot of room to run across the technologies, inclusive of body worn. But I think historically, that market has been served by one provider.
JackMolloy: Yes. And the only other thing I'd add on that, Greg, we don't think it's one or the other. As we said before, they all need to have technologies. Do you need body cams for accountability? Yes, without a doubt. And we've seen our growth over 60% both Q3 and Q4. But if you look at our performance from an LMR perspective, it was big deals like Nassau and New Jersey. But quite frankly, Q4 from a grassroots perspective, which we track was our strongest Q4 in five years. And so we think there's certainly opportunities on both ends of the spectrum and we think wallets won't be constrained, wallets will open up for more technology.
Operator: And the next question is from George Notter with Jefferies.
GeorgeNotter: I guess I was curious about some of the comments on record backlog. Was there anything unusual about the order book this quarter? Was there an Airwave contract extension, for example, anything sizable in terms of the order book?
JasonWinkler: So we saw strong orders across the board, North America we highlighted being a record. We talked about some rather large orders, Nassau County, some utilities summing to $50 million. But as Jack just mentioned, our grassroots, which is smaller deals, transactional type deals were also up significantly. So across the board type deal activity in North America, complemented also by international with renewal of managed services in EMEA and a new contract award for the State of Tasmania in Australia. So I'd say across the board in both theaters, strong orders performance.
GeorgeNotter: And then just as a follow-up, you guys seem to be talking a lot more about LMR services. And I know managed services in general have been a push for the company, but just based on your commentary, it seems like there's a positive inflection there. Is that the right perception to have and can you talk more about what's intuitively driving that? Thanks a lot.
KellyMark: On the Services, we've been pleased with the performance of Services. In particular, it demonstrates the resiliency of the recurring revenue business that we've built in Software and Services. In particular, as we look at 2020 and going into 2021, North America Services has been growing, so is international. We have expanded our service offering. We are now pushing a bit more into cybersecurity as well, which is a very, very attractive area that continues to be a focus amongst municipalities. But I think that the Services business, as we look at it, continues to operate at a steady pace. As Jason just highlighted, we had a number of good orders, managed service orders internationally that either extended existing networks that we had or also added on new ones like the Tasmania transaction that we just discussed. So the Services business continues to be something that demonstrates also the resiliency of LMR and the demand for that, because we see our customers continue to renew the contracts that they have at increased rates and on time, which is a very positive indicator of both the compelling nature of our services but also the importance of LMR.
JasonWinkler: Also, the investments we're making on the product side of LMR to advance the networks continue to get more complex and connecting them the cloud with Cirrus will continue to provide opportunities to grow our managed services offer in and around those new products.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
KeithHousum: I guess dissecting the larger orders that came in, in the fourth quarter, again. Perhaps you can provide a little more color if you can in terms of what's the primary driver that you're seeing from your customers? Is it really the large guys versus small guys? Is it new offerings that are allowing the contracts at a higher price? I guess, is there any two or three things that are primary drivers of those large orders now?
JackMolloy: So a few things. As you can imagine, part of this was we had, I would say, our engagement with customers, particularly in Q2, was slightly impaired. So we saw obviously the velocity of those engagements improve in the second half. But the other thing that I think we're going to start to see, particularly as it relates to Nassau County, which was one of the big deals that we cited in our script, was a mix to the APX NEXT, which we announced in October of 2019. Is that obviously come at an ASP appreciation for us? It does. But I think more importantly, as you look throughout the portfolio, you look at what Kelly has brought to market in command center software. You look at what we're doing from a PCR perspective. Just this week, we announced a category changer in the ion device, which combines a legacy PCR device but also does private LTE and CBRS in one device. And so we think some of the investments we've made from an R&D perspective on device refresh, on converging devices and those experiences will continue to provide kind of an upgrade, upsell opportunity for our customers. We think more to follow into 2021.
GregBrown: Yes. I mean, Keith, I agree. And at the end of the day, we said things would improve sequentially in the back half of 2020 as sales engagement improved. I think that was a driver. I think there has been pent up demand and exactly what Jack just said. Even during a COVID year, I can't remember this number of new products that we invested in, in 2020. Yes, we managed discretionary expenses down. Yes, we didn't have travel incentives. We had a benefit on expenses. But at the same time, whether it was APX NEXT, a new TETRA device, Ion for PCR, cloud enabled modules in command center, refreshing the video security suite, we made a conscious effort to invest organically in product development. And I think that strong Q4 in part is because of some of those new products. Our whole intent was not only to come out of COVID but come out stronger than we went in. And I think Kelly and Jack particularly have done a great job on prioritizing new products and investments.
JackMolloy: And the thing we failed to mention just internationally as we start to see our momentum grow there is the MXP600, which was really the first major TETRA device announcement. And quite frankly, we were oversubscribed for that in Q4. We took as many orders we could ship. So we're happy with that too.
KeithHousum: And just follow-up a question from earlier here. Cybersecurity, I know you guys have made several small acquisitions in that space. Can you provide a little bit more color about what the plan is for cybersecurity? Is it cybersecurity related to the networks or is it beyond that for public safety agencies? I guess, what's your goal?
KellyMark: So the cybersecurity services that we offer right now and the ones that we also expanded last year with a couple of acquisitions will focus around monitoring, in incident resolution and helping our customers understand the risk profile of what they have installed both in their command center and in their LMR networks. So our initial focus is on those core areas that we provide our products around, specifically the LMR networks, as I said, in the command center. We'll look to expand to their critical networks that they may need to manage their operations. So it's pretty focused right now but something that our customers are very interested in because those are obviously the most critical assets that they need to protect and make sure they're always up and running.
Operator: And the next question will be from Louie DiPalma with William Blair.
LouieDiPalma: You formally launched the command center in the cloud, PremierOne platform in October. I was wondering, have adoption trends and performance lived up to your internal expectations? And as a follow up to that, is the pandemic stimulating the shift to your PremierOne platform from your on-premise customer base?
KellyMark: On that question, the answer is yes. It's definitely stimulated, the interest in the cloud. I think everybody from consumers all the way to government have learned the importance of cloud and the ability to operate remotely. We accelerated our efforts to drive more and more of our command center to the cloud. You'll continue to see us expand more to the cloud even this year. It is one of the faster growing areas in our portfolio. We're getting a lot of interest in regards to conversations with our customers. As you know, those buying cycles are somewhat long so you'll hear more and more about that in the future. I would highlight, just as we talk about our command center growth, our SaaS revenue growth as a component of our command center, is growing at a multiple of our overall command center software growth. So that's a good indication that we're seeing more and more customers show interest and transition towards that type of model.
LouieDiPalma: And related to what you just said, I know you have CAD, mobile and records on the PremierOne platform and you also spoke about SaaS. You previously indicated that you plan to offer 911 call taking in the cloud in the first half of 2021. Is that initiative still on track?
KellyMark: That's correct and yes, it is. That is definitely another component, that's the final and the last component that we need to add to the cloud.
Operator: And the next question is from Paul Silverstein with Cowen.
PaulSilverstein: First off, before I ask my question, I just want to clarify. Jason, did I hear you say that PCR was $763 million for the year?
JasonWinkler: PCR, no. But PCR was down about $300 million from last year. That was the decline that we saw in 2020.
PaulSilverstein: So I'll make that my first question. So I think I remember you and Greg saying that you all were expecting about $350 million or 35% decline for the year. It sounds like it wasn't that much different but somewhat better. My question to you, my first question is, is that reflective of a stronger -- I assume it means you had a stronger Q4 than you're expecting. And the real question is looking forward, what is your expectations for the pace of recovery, given how hard 65% of the revenue in PCR was hit? Are you seeing that actually come back faster than you expected? What's your expectation for the year?
GregBrown: So Paul, you're right. Q4 was better than we anticipated in PCR. So for the full year, as Jason just mentioned, it was down about $300 million. We had signaled it could be about $350 million, so a slight improvement. We do think it will continue to improve in 2021. And in fact, at this point, overall, I think our expectation is that it can grow. Now it will be incrementally as a number of different key verticals like transportation, airline, hospitality, oil and gas as they improve. But 2020 was pretty draconian. I look at it as more or less a floor, and our expectation is for PCR to return to growth in 2021. Now having said that, we still have to operate and execute on that against the supply constraints and limitations that are in front of us. But as we've started out the year in 2021, it's a good start.
PaulSilverstein: My second question is looking at video and your command center software, and I appreciate you all giving the breakout. I think that's great. My question here is, in video, if I look at the numbers correctly, you put up -- it almost double in calendar '19, another almost 30% growth in calendar '20. Obviously, that was helped by the many acquisitions you've made. And then in command center software, you had about 30% year-over-year growth in calendar '19, albeit less than 10% growth in calendar '20, I assume, impacted by the pandemic. In those two particular product markets that represent a significantly greater growth opportunity for you, are you seeing a step-up in organic growth? If we look beyond the pandemic in terms of the trends, especially on the software side of video but taking the two together, are you seeing a step-up in organic growth?
JasonWinkler: So within the technologies you're referring to, the growth expectations for video security are to be up high teens this year and command center software to return to 20% growth like measures which you mentioned on some of the lookback into 2019 and 2018 as we get beyond the pandemic impact, and that LMR would be up mid single digits. Those are the expectations for '21 from a technology standpoint.
Operator: The next question is from Fahad Najam with MKM Partners.
FahadNajam: If you could help me understand in terms of -- I understand it's a difficult question to answer. But can you give us a rough idea on the average life of the devices in the field? I suspect you have a new product that you launched last year or year before. So maybe you can give us some indication as to when we can expect to see some meaningful upside from a device refresh perspective.
JackMolloy: So we've seen -- historically, five, six, seven years ago, people would hold the device for 10 years. The refresh cycle now looks more like six to seven years for a device.
FahadNajam: And can you give us some indication as to where the average life of the devices are in the field today and how the adoption of the new APX NEXT device is going? And should we expect meaningful pressure on an upgrade cycle maybe in the near term or within the next 12 months?
JackMolloy: So obviously, within the US and globally, there's so many municipalities, law enforcement. But the one thing that I would say is that we've looked over history, the XTS family, the APX family, we typically get three to five years until the revenue becomes very meaningful, and so we're 2.5 years in. We feel like we've got a great amount of refresh cycle, both with the APX NEXT and then internationally with their MXP600 device.
KellyMark: And I'd add, in our product cycles, we run concurrent devices, both the old and the new so that we continue to sell both. It's not a consumer like where you switch from one to the other. So customers expect the device to be available for some time. And then, of course, the new device as it becomes more feature-rich and compelling, leads to a transition point.
Operator: The next question will be from Sami Badri with Crédit Suisse.
SamiBadri: So I kind of just wanted to cover something that I don't think has been touched on, on this conference call or in the prepared remarks. It's referring to the Hytera litigation. We didn't get an update in January of 2021. I was hoping if we could just kind of go through the latest that you guys have heard from the ongoing litigation and whether or not the actual 2021 guidance includes any contribution or award contribution from that litigation outcome.
JasonWinkler: So Sami, the guidance for full year 2021 does not contemplate any award or anticipated monetary settlement. What I would say is our engagement and pursuit legally of Hytera is unwavering and relentless. The court recently kind of recalculated the compensatory and punitive judgment to a number, I think it's $544 million, is the recalculated federal court award, but it doesn't change the fact that Hytera stole. They sold trade secrets. They infringed and they infringed on copyright source code. So that's unchanged. And having said that, we expect the current damages award again, I think it's $544 million, we expect that to increase after a court applies a pre and post trial interest as well as a compulsory royalty going forward. So stay tuned. We continue to pursue. It will remain front and center, nothing more important than protecting our intellectual property. But none of what I described is reflective of the numbers we talked about today.
SamiBadri: And then the other thing I want to talk about more of a Motorola strategic perspective, is on prior calls, we've talked about you going after acquisitions and targets. I'm sorry if it was mentioned earlier on this call, and I'm essentially just repeating questions already asked. But what is the appetite of Motorola to go out and do same number of deals in 2021 comparable to 2020? Is there appetite for that right now or are you guys in digestion mode?
GregBrown: I think there's appetite and there's capacity. But if you take a step back, my priority is investing organically in the business. We have great markets. The technologies of land mobile radio, mission critical communications, all the trends around modernizing 911 and command center software and of course, all things video, fixed video and access control, as well as body worn, but these are big addressable markets, in combination approaching $40 billion of an addressable market, that's probably 3x greater than it was for this company five years ago or so. So prioritizing new products, and investments, by the way, an investment like the global manufacturing facility for fixed video in Richardson, Texas, to give us better scale, better capacity, lower unit cost. Jack talked about APX NEXT. He talked about TETRA. He talked about PCR. You know we're investing in the cloud. And by the way, we also bought back stock at attractive rates. We look at the long range plan. We do the DCF. We look at where we think this stock is attractive to buy back and we've been active on that front as well. $612 million of share repurchase last year, $289 million of acquisitions. And we did another double digit raise on dividend of 11% of $436 million. So yes, we continue to scan acquisition opportunities. There will probably be more around video security, software and services. But I think we've been good stewards of capital. We'll continue to be responsible on that front. But we like the prospects both organically and inorganically.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the next question will come from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
BenBollin: Can we start looking at this Ion device specifically, how incremental is that product relative to what's been out there historically? It looks to be higher-priced versus the previous high end turbo product. So I'm interested in the spread there. And then I'm also curious, any thoughts you have on -- does this product open up new addressable market, because it's got more features and multimode and capabilities? So does it have more use cases and it opens up some TAM? What's your perspective on that product and that line as it expands?
JackMolloy: Ben, we invested in the Ion because we believe we had an opportunity to create a new category. So some of the things that it does, obviously, when we make an engineering decision to include higher throughput mechanisms like private LTE, CBRS, we want to do though because we have an eye on a workflow that a customer application. So as an example, it does image capture. It does scanning. It does things that no radio that we've ever made for the PCR space has ever done. So fundamentally, that creates new opportunities. Think of things like warehousing, manufacturing, even there's hospitality, stadium security type applications. We also think, as Greg referred to Safety Reimagine, as we start to see our video opportunities, access control, merge with PCR opportunities, we think that kind of device plays well into that environment too. So again, it would be accretive to what we typically do. It redefines the PCR category.
BenBollin: And my second question, just stepping back, Greg, when I look across the portfolio, you're really the only vendor who touches radio surveillance, command center with the breadth and the scope. Could you talk a little bit about the feedback from customers as you leverage that portfolio and just your long term aspiration to gain share in some of the markets where you're not as incumbent?
GregBrown: Well, first of all, you're right. I don't think anybody else has the width and breadth of our portfolio. But our goal is to be the best and compelling across all three technologies. I mentioned the size of the addressable market. But I also think, and I referenced this a little bit in the opening remarks, I also think the special sauce is the integration of these technologies. Not only does not no one else have them but I think you're going to see us integrate them as well. Automated workflow, machine learning, AI powered analytics that allow -- I mean, there's volumes of video. And how do you see it, how do you watch it, how do you extract it, how do you redact it, how do you push it, to an incident to a dispatcher? And we're working not just having best in class point products for these technologies, and I like the hand of cards we're playing, but it's the orchestration and the integration led by our Chief Technology Officer, Mahesh Saptharishi, who's making great progress on the orchestration and integration. So you think about the things that are going on, whether it's social unrest, wildfires, immigration, there's a lot of trends, socially and environmentally that I think are favorable. There's a lot of technology trends that I think are favorable. And as we've talked about consistently about the overarching purpose of our company, of helping people be their best in the moments, those critical, mission-critical, literally moments that matter, that's the envelope of our vision and the technologies that we invest and the integration that we're pursuing. And I think there's more room to run, to your point, outside of the United States in a number of international theaters and stay tuned for us to share some more things on that front as well.
Operator: Next question is from Jim Suva with Citi.
JimSuva: Congratulations, and it's very encouraging, the backlog bookings outlook. Am I correct to say that, that does not include any potential government stimulus packages? Because it seems like whenever I read the online or watch the news, they're talking about stimulus packages, and maybe some of that comes to you or maybe it doesn't come to you. Or how should we think about -- are there anything potentially being talked about in stimulus that could actually take that number higher, or does it simply not filter into you guys? I'm just kind of curious about if anything there.
GregBrown: Yes, Jim, I would say, remember, I mean, I think that engagements improved, new products getting traction, pent up demand, and we did have some benefit of CARES Act money, about $150 million in 2020 but also CARES funding is now extended through December of 2021. So there's a good level of continuity there. But you're right. I don't think as we describe the business and look at the visibility in terms of current demand signals, potential stimulus, potential infrastructure builds and things from Washington probably would be further enabling in some of the growth that we're expecting.
JasonWinkler: The only other thing, Jim, that I'd piggyback on to what Greg said is that, obviously, the education space appears to be a place that there's going to be funding directed at and prioritized. What's really lost in the shuffle and lost in the noise is, I think, a pretty solid print in Q4 was what we've done with connected learning with our CBRS investment. We did close to $10 million in 2020 with some pretty major cities that those projects are a little bit like a snowball. They'll continue to grow. We’ll also pull through video opportunities and access control opportunities. So we think there could be some potential that in the education space as well.
JimSuva: That's what I thought. And thank you and congratulations to your team for a strong 2020 and outlook for '21.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: No further comments. Thanks for joining us today.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The Web site address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for participating today, and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions’ Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investors. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2020 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President of Products & Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President of Software & Services. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We’ve posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we’ll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today’s earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I’ll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Jason takes us through our Q3 results and outlook. First, I’m proud of the team and I’m pleased with our results and execution in these challenging times. During the quarter, we achieved both revenue and earnings per share above the guidance we provided in August driven by growth in video security, command center software and services. Additionally, we generated $392 million of operating cash flow and strengthened our portfolio by closing the acquisitions of Pelco, a leader in fixed video security solutions and Callyo, a cloud-based SaaS mobile apps provider for law enforcement. Second, our Software and Services segment continues to perform well. During the quarter, the segment grew revenue 9%, expanded operating margins by 220 basis points and generated over half of the operating earnings for the company. We were also awarded the largest command center software order in our history, $120 million plus next generation 911 multi-year contract. And finally, while the environment with COVID certainly remains fluid, I’m encouraged by the improvements we saw in many areas of our business during the quarter. Orders for body-worn cameras were up significantly year-over-year. Sales of fixed video to our government customers were strong, and we saw improved demand from both our public safety LMR and PCR customers versus Q2. I’ll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Q3 results included revenue of $1.9 billion down 6% from a year ago, including $55 million from acquisitions. GAAP operating earnings of $352 million and operating margins of 18.9% of sales compared to 20.7% in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $463 million down $46 million and non-GAAP operating margins of 24.8%, down from 25.5% in the year-ago quarter due to lower sales and gross margin contribution in the Products and SI segment partially offset by higher sales, higher gross margins and improved operating leverage in Software and Services. GAAP operating earnings per share were $1.18 compared to $1.51 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.95 versus $2.04 last year, primarily due to lower sales in the Products and SI segment partially offset by higher sales gross margin and improved operating leverage in Software and Services. OpEx in Q3 was $455 million, down $49 million versus last year, primarily due to lower discretionary spend and incentives partially offset by costs related to acquisitions. The Q3 effective tax rate was 20% compared to 23% in the year prior, a change driven primarily by higher R&D credits and a favorable U.S. Federal return to provision adjustment recorded in the third quarter. Turning to cash flow. Q3 operating cash flow was $392 million compared with $525 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $343 million compared with $465 million in the year prior. The decrease in cash flow was primarily due to lower sales. Capital allocation for Q3 included $181 million for acquisitions, $109 million in cash dividends, $105 million to share repurchases and $49 million of CapEx. Additionally, during the quarter, we refinanced upcoming debt maturities with a new $900 million 10-year debt issuance at a rate of 2.3%. And finally, we repaid $400 million against our revolving credit facility, of which $300 million was repaid during the quarter and $100 million subsequent to quarter end. We expect to repay the remaining $100 million balance by year end. Moving to segment results, Q3 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1.2 billion down 14% driven by a decline in public safety, LMR and PCR partially offset by growth in video security. Operating earnings were $219 million or 18.9% of sales down 330 basis points from last year, primarily due to lower sales. Some notable Q3 wins and achievements in the segment include a $44 million P25 order with a large U.S. Federal customer, a $28 million P25 order for the state of Wyoming, a $20 million P25 order for the state of North Carolina, a $19 million TETRA order for a large international transportation customer and we saw a strong growth in fixed video sales to government customers during the quarter. Moving to our Software and Services segment. Revenue was $705 million up 9% from last year, driven by growth in both services and software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $24 million. Operating earnings were $244 million or 34.6% of sales, up 220 basis points from last year driven by higher sales, gross margin and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q3 wins in the segment include and over $120 million next generation 911 multi-year contract, a $19 million body-worn and in-car video multi-year as a service contract in North America and an $18 million P25 multi-year services contract with Seminole County, Florida. Additionally, we received strong orders for body-worn cameras, launched our PremierOne Cloud software suite and closed the acquisition of Callyo, a cloud-based SaaS mobile application provider for law enforcement. Looking at regional results. North America Q3 revenue was $1.3 billion, down 6% due to declines in public safety, LMR and professional commercial radio, partially offset by growth in services, video security and software. International Q3 revenue was $600 million down, 8% primarily due to decline in public – professional and commercial radio and public safety LMR, partially offset by growth in services, video security and software. Sales grew in Europe while Latin America declined on continued challenges from COVID-19. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was $10.7 billion down $361 million, compared to last year, driven by revenue recognition on the Airwave and ESN contracts partially offset by growth in North America and $81 million of favorable currency rates. Sequentially, backlog was up $174 million, driven by growth in North America and $93 million of favorable currency rates. Software and Services backlog was down $44 million or 1% compared to last year due to revenue recognition on the Airwave, ESN contracts partially offset by growth in North America, multi-year agreements and $74 million of favorable currency rates. Sequentially backlog was up $138 million or 2% due to growth in North America and $83 million of favorable currency. Products and SI segment backlog was down $317 million or 10% compared to last year, primarily due to large international deployments and COVID-19 delaying some sales engagements. Sequentially, backlog was up $36 million or 1% driven primarily by international. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q4 sales to be down between 6% and 5.5% with non-GAAP EPS between $2.71 and $2.76 per share. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of 175 million shares and an effective tax rate of 23% to 24%. For the full year, we now expect sales to be down approximately 6.5%, up from our prior guidance of a 7% decline with non-GAAP EPS between $7.52 and $7.58, up from our prior guidance of $7.40 to $7.52, and our outlook for operating cash flow is now approximately $1.55 billion, up $50 million from our previous guidance, driven by higher earnings and improvements in working capital. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. And let me just end with a few thoughts. First, I’m very pleased with the progress we’re making in our command center software business. Our command center software suite now covers the entire mission workflow from 911 intake to case closure and management. It’s a $500 million business, which has been growing consistently and improving its profitability while also transitioning towards the SaaS model. Just this month, we announced our PremierOne Cloud suite, which includes fully functional CAD, and mobile and records solutions available on the secure Azure Government Cloud. So, this means we now can provide our customers the flexibility of deploying their software, either on-prem or in a fully featured cloud deployment. Currently, we have over 3,500 command center software customers with over 500 of those using two or more components of the suite. In Q3, half of our new orders were from customers further expanding into the suite, demonstrating this continued growth opportunity as customers embrace integrated software to run their operations. Second, the increased demand we’re seeing for cloud solutions is not just in command center software. Customers are increasingly seeing the benefits of the cloud across their entire workflow. In LMR or land mobile radio, we’ve launched our CirrusCentral cloud-based offerings for P25 networks that provide remote management and backup core options for our radio customers. In video security, we launched a video-as-a-service offering for body-worn cameras that includes our cloud-based digital evidence management software, as well as Avigilon cloud services, which now has over 4,000 ACC 7.x sites connected to the cloud. All of these subscription-based offerings provide increased capabilities to our customers and opportunities for us to grow recurring revenues. And finally, through the global pandemic, natural disasters and civil unrest, our customers continue to depend on and rely on our solutions as need to have, demonstrating the criticality of what we provide and our teams and people’s resilience in support of our customers around the world was nothing and is nothing short of remarkable. Additionally, we were just recently recognized by the Wall Street Journal as one of the world’s most sustainably managed companies ranking the sixth highest in the country. As we move forward, we will continue to focus on supporting both our customers and our people while also deploying the capital to drive growth and continued shareholder return. And with that, Tim, I’ll turn it back to you.
Tim Yocum: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I’d like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask the question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today is from Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Hi, there. thank you and congrats on the solid results in 3Q. I first wanted to ask about the $120 million 911 contract that you guys signed that was the highest in the company’s history, and maybe two pieces to this. How will that that be recognized over time, kind of like the first question? And then I know there’s probably going to be similar deals like this in the future, probably not at the same magnitude, but maybe, could you give us a little bit of an idea on how popular this type of specific large deal could potentially be in demand in the medium to long-term?
Kelly Mark: Sure. hey, Sami, it’s Kelly. So, on the NGCS, I think I would say three things about it. First off, look, we’re really excited about that part of the business. It is the entry point for all 911 calls, and as I think I may have referenced on a prior call, what that effectively does is creates the EazzyNet multi-lane highway entry point to 911 centers, where they can now handle video, audio, pictures, text, versus the single-lane highway of voice that they could handle before. The second thing I’d say about this deal is when you think about it, this and other similar deals like that will get on NGCS. There’s always an installation component that’s upfront. And then there’s a longer tale of as a service, where we’ll run the system for our customers and that’s similar to what we have here in the multi-year contract. The third thing I’d just remind you about – around NGCS, is while we have some of our own software and componentry in it, we are also acting as a systems integrator. So, we are, in effect, reselling backhaul and other components as an offering for the entire solution, which is a bit different than what we do in our 911 call-taking software or our CAD software, where we are the entirety of the software solution. But we’re excited about this. We think that NGCS and EazzyNet is – I would call it, if you’re looking at a nine inning baseball game, I think we’re somewhere around maybe, the second or the third inning, so we’re early in the conversion of EazzyNet across the United States. So, there’s certainly other deals out there, and we’ll just continue to fight for those and update you on those as they come.
Greg Brown: And Sami, this contract, $120 million plus, will be rev-recognized over a multi-year, long-term contract.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then Greg, just one question for you. We still have the $9 billion of revenue and $10 EVP – EPS guideposts laid out for 2021, and obviously, COVID may have shifted this around a little bit, but I was hoping you’d give us a little bit of an update around this guidepost or this framework on how we should be thinking about what’s to come in the medium to long-term.
Greg Brown: Yes. Well, obviously COVID was the ultimate disrupter, but I would say is I’m pleased with the momentum of how the business is performing. We talked about Q2 of this year, Sami, being a low point. We would improve in Q3. We expect to improve in Q4. I think the print for this quarter reflects some of that improvement. All I would say look, I’m not going to guide 2021. I think that would be premature. But I would say as we sit here today and I don’t have a crystal ball, I would expect us to grow and return to overall revenue growth next year, and I would also expect us to grow in both segments for next year. but again, we’ll update you a quarter from now on the next earnings call.
Sami Badri: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Sami.
Operator: Our next question is from George Notter of Jeffries. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi, guys. thanks very much. I was really interested in some of your comments, Greg, on the software business. I think you mentioned a $500 million run rate at this point. Can you talk a little bit more about how that – I would imagine that run rate is getting cannibalized to some degree as you move customers from perpetual software licenses to a subscription, and can you talk about potential cannibalization on that revenue run rate, or maybe, talk about the mixture of customers that are converting to subscription, or anything you can that give us more insight in that transition. Thanks.
Kelly Mark: Sure, George. So, the majority of the software revenue today is license revenue. Kelly and Andrew have done a good job, Cloud-enabling the suite. The only component left to Cloud-enable is Records, which will be done in the first half of 2021. So, we’re incrementally moving more and more customers to as-a-service. But again, I think we’re still going to be able to manage that transition from perpetual license incrementally to more as a service without any major dislocation or disruption of top-line revenues. Said another way, you see that Software and Services will perform this year in the high single digits and I expect Software and Services in total in the segment and both sub segments, Software and Services, to continue to grow in 2021 as well, even while we’re transitioning those clients gradually to as-a-service. I view that as a multiyear transition.
Greg Brown: And George, the only thing I might add to Kelly is the – we’re really excited about the command center software suite we just announced, which now fully cloud-enables CAD, records, and our mobile. That’s in addition to already what we do in Aware, our vast license plate recognition is as-a-service, and also, our Kodiak part of the portfolio as well. The only part of the entirety of what we have that won’t be cloud-enabled yet is our 911 call taking. That should happen in the first half of next year. And in addition to that, we’re excited about what we just did with Callyo, the acquisition we just did, which picks up a very large customer base of folks that are using that mobile application, which is also an as-a-service part of the portfolio.
George Notter: Got it. Okay. And then one just quick housekeeping item. I didn’t see it in the press release or the presentation, but was there an FX impact on top line in the quarter and can you tell us what that was? Thanks.
Greg Brown: It was pretty small.
George Notter: Okay.
Operator: Our next question today is from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys. I was hoping you could shed a light on the ability to do sales this quarter, in terms of last quarter, I think what we heard was about challenges in terms of getting in to see the customers. How would that develop over the third quarter and is that a challenge going into the fourth quarter?
Jack Molloy: Sure. Hey, Keith, it’s Jack. Good afternoon. Yes. So, we saw sequential improvement in terms of our ability to engaging customers and just to kind of give you the geographic around the world. First of all, in North America, in government, we’ve been able to engage in person with customers and we’ve seen that manifest in terms of increase in proposals and sequential increase in terms of our LMR business and as Kelly pointed out, command center and video. In Europe, it’s important to point out 55% of our revenue in Europe is recurring revenue. But we are starting to see, we saw certainly in Q3, both in the enterprise market and government, the ability of our customers to actually come, and extend and meet us virtually. So, that’s been an improvement. Asia-Pac, same thing. The one area of the world, where we’re having essentially lockdown, continues to be lockdown and we’ve got very much diminished expectations is Latin America. But I would certainly say it’s improved, been really proud of the resilience of the team in terms of use of videoconferencing and really trying to engage our customers and pull them along. We’ve been heavy in terms of virtual trade shows and demonstrations. And as I said in government; particularly, in public safety, we engage with our customers in person masked up, et cetera.
Greg Brown: And Keith, just one other anecdote I’d give you is we just completed Kelly’s team, the Annual Software Summit just a few days ago. We did it in person a year ago. We just completed the virtual multiday engagement just a few days ago, and attendance was literally double virtually. So, I think Molloy’s team and Kelly’s team, and our customers quite frankly, have been good in transitioning virtual engagement, digital engagement, business continuity. It depends on the theaters Jack referenced internationally, but we’ve been able to navigate that much better than we were doing a quarter ago.
Keith Housum: Got you. Appreciate that. And just a follow-up there. In terms of changing gears actually, in terms of like FirstNet and Airwave, can you give us the latest on where LTE versus LMR kind of stands in terms of around the world?
Greg Brown: I think the high-level answer is no change from the last time we spoke to you. 4G and ultimately, as it transitions here in North America to 5G, LTE or 5G is a complimentary technology to mission critical land mobile radio. I think the awards that Winkler went through on state awards and upgrades, particularly in state and local reinforce and reference the criticality need to have dimensions of land mobile radio. As it relates to Airwave, I think it’s the same thing. We believe – we remain in active discussions with the customer and we do have an expectation that that Airwave contract will get another extension. But that timing will be dictated largely by the customer. But again, I think LMR, LTE, or if you want to substitute that and say LMR 5G coexist, and quite frankly, we think the upgrade in faster speeds domestically and in the UK are good for command center, good for our video security business and overall, are a net positive.
Keith Housum: Great. thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Greg, I just wanted to start with a question on margins. Between the two segments, it’s been a little tale of two cities. In Products and SI, that’s been the drag on overall performance, but probably, the biggest opportunity moving forward. So, hoping you can maybe, just walk through some of the moving parts to get this segment back to the kind of 22% to 23% operating margin range from years past. Does revenue need to get back above $5 billion? Are there things you can do from an opex standpoint and just a timing to that?
Greg Brown: Yes, Adam. So, kind of taking – let’s take a look at OpEx overall. For the full year, we’ll remove about $250 million of OpEx out of this business this year year-over-year. If you net that to include acquisitions, it’s a net $170 million reduction. So, I think the team has moved quickly and did a good job on expense structure, both structural and variable, to adapt to the COVID environment we got hit with a couple of quarters ago. So, think of OpEx this year, all in, year-over-year, being down net $170 million, about approximately $100 million of that returns next year in the form of incentive compensation. Operating margins for the two segments, we still expect Software and Services to be consistent with what we told you last time, with operating margins for the full year 2020 of being about 34%. Obviously, the product segment declines this year, given the top-line volume decline. I expect the operating margins obviously to improve with volume. And even though $100 million of OpEx returns next year, that’s as we sit here today, we’ll always look to see if we can refine or further improve that cost structure. But that’s kind of a composite view.
Adam Tindle: Okay. And maybe, just as a follow-up, I’d imagine from a top-line standpoint, one of the big drivers in that segment is going to be the PCR business. If you could just maybe, just update us on where that business fits today, and into 4Q, so that we can kind of think about the opportunity moving forward into 2021 as it potentially rebounds?
Greg Brown: Yes. I think that PCR has been incrementally – it clearly was an extreme low point in Q2. It’s performed a little bit better in Q3 and we expect it to improve a little bit better, that’s informed into our overall Q4 guidance. PCR, as you know, has been hit with primarily, the critical industries that have gotten slammed by COVID the most: hospitality, entertainment, transportation, oil and gas, and quite frankly, I think that we expect PCR to return to some form of growth in 2021. And that’s in part what informs our expectations for the product segment to return to growth as well. It also might be worth noting that even in this environment, North America, which represents our largest theater and is sold primarily through channels. the channel inventory in North America is down. So that’s a good – that’s another good indicator in terms of potential foundation for us to continue to print improvement as time goes on.
Jack Molloy: And maybe, one other thing, Greg. Just historically as we look at PCR, new product introduction, even in challenging times, equates to growth, and we do have some product refresh on the slate for 2021 as well.
Adam Tindle: Got it. Thanks, Greg. Thanks, Jack.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Long of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. Yes, two if I could here. Greg, maybe first, just talk a little bit high level about the state of your customers, state and local budgeting, given the macro and stimulus and anything of note there, any changes? And then secondly, if you could talk a little bit on the video side? You mentioned that getting good traction with the government to maybe, just give us a little bit more color there, how much video is ramping there, and are you seeing kind of any level of cross-selling across that video business? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Sure, Tim. Just to take them in reverse order, on video specifically, let’s start out with body-worn video. We had the strongest quarter we’ve had. Really, good demand for a lot of the obvious demand driver reasons you would suspect, but I think Molloy and John Kedzierski and the team are doing a good job with the acquisition we made there in the form of WatchGuard. Quite frankly, also another impetus behind the body-worn video growth is international performance, which came through an acquisition as a part of WatchGuard called Edesix. So, I like our performance there and also, I like the increased demand. We also did have strong growth in fixed video to government, solid double-digit growth. I think a reflection of – we’ve said the sales cycle is always longer in state and local and fed, but very good performance on fixed video into the government. By the way, Pelco being a benefit to that as well, given the fact that that acquisition came with a lot of contractual government clearances that allowed us to move right in to further fed government purchases that were beneficial. In terms of state and local customers, Jack mentioned it. I think that our customers have found a good way to engage during these challenging times. Many of them do meet in person. We also meet digitally or virtually. And remember, the state and local budgets have been largely set. So that’s a good thing that moves us well into next year. We’ve also been the beneficiaries of CARES Act money from the feds, and I think that has had a favorable impact as well. So I don’t know, Jack, if you want to add anything on the state and local budgets beyond that?
Jack Molloy: No, Tim, I think it’s just prioritization, prioritization, prioritization. As you’ve heard me mention before, we’re not in the business of a nice to have, we’re in the business of a need to have in terms of emergency response. So really, we continue to see our customers drive projects through. The other thing is, I think that sometimes losses, there’s just a multitude of different funding sources. Greg talked about CARES Act, but there’s also things like special purpose local option taxes, which are still getting passed. And so we remain highly engaged with our customers. We see great demand across the portfolio and government and as we know with what’s happening in the world right now, security means a great deal to cities, to states, and I think to our federal government. So more to follow, but we’re encouraged with what we see.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Silverstein of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Greg, I think, I heard somebody mention that your business is 55% recurring. What is recurring revenue for the overall company?
Greg Brown: No, I think Molloy’s reference was that the majority of our European revenue is recurring, largely because of the Airwave contract.
Paul Silverstein: My fault.
Greg Brown: No, that’s all right, Paul, but if you look at overall, Software and Services, which we view as largely a proxy for recurring. This year, in full year 2020, Software and Services will be higher than 35% for this year, which we view as a favorable byproduct of the year, I guess, so that’s good.
Paul Silverstein: Then as a follow-up. On the government’s piece of video, looking out to next year, coming off this year, any quantification you can provide us, ballpark in terms of how big – I know you just started selling over a year ago, but how big can that business be next year, and how big will it be this year?
Greg Brown: Well, so just to kind of – if you take all of the video assets that we have, fixed, body-worn, in-car, license plate recognition, domestically and internationally, this business, all-in for assets, hardware, software, is likely to be about $940 million, Paul, for this year. You’ve heard us talk about growing it 3x the market. That 3x the market is around the fixed video and access control piece, which we still believe we can achieve. If you take the size of the video market, all-in, worldwide, and we always zero China out, given their indigenous competitors, this is about an $18 billion – $17 billion to $18 billion business, addressable market. It’s actually the largest addressable market we have. So, I think there’s room to run here with the assets we’ve accumulated along with the analytics that our team is developing and intelligent edge devices as well.
Paul Silverstein: Greg, I appreciate that. I was actually focused on the government piece market that you entered back about a year ago.
Kelly Mark: I think he’s – hey, Paul. So, I think we had mentioned probably maybe three calls ago, probably nine months ago, the question was asked, hey, how big is your government video business? And really, we said approximately $200 million at the time, and that’s an aggregation of two things. It’s the mobile video market that’s come through vis-à-vis, the WatchGuard acquisition, as well as Greg had mentioned, the Edesix that also came as an acquisition. The remnants of it are fixed video security sales into all governments, and I would tell you, both of those businesses are growing strong double-digits right now. Both fixed video into government, we’ve talked about the success we had in Q3, both in the feds and state and local, but also, we highlighted some of the success we had in body-worn in terms of unit and dollar bookings substantially up in the strong double-digits there. So hopefully, that helps.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question will come from Fahad Najam of MKM. Please go ahead.
Fahad Najam: Thanks for taking my question. Greg, I want to ask you a big picture question. In light of the view that most of your government customers are very slow to move and they tend to be not driven by – like usually, enterprises are driven by profits and maximizing profits, your government customers tend to be more slower. Are you noticing any kind of an inflection point in your government customers’ decision-making when it comes to whether it’s Next Gen 911 command center solutions or video? Are we beginning on a new trend and that’s going to accelerate going forward?
Greg Brown: I would say this. I mean, in the command center software, Next Gen 911 is a new opportunity for us, and that’s obviously a favorable trend. The other thing I’d say, in terms of decision cycles is command center software, historically has had some of the oldest legacy technology and workflow processes literally over several years, 10, 15 years plus. So, I actually think that the inflection point is COVID-induced in part that’s accelerating decisions to the cloud. Traditionally state and local customers would prefer control, and they’d confer – they’d prefer on-prem. I actually think that this pandemic has been a positive accelerant to decision-making around command center software, particularly around cloud. I think this suite that Kelly and Andrew’s team has built also can be an accelerant to decision-making because instead of trying to decide a forklift process and an all or nothing, you can get an anchor tenant module in place and then upgrade those modules for additional components along the suite. On land mobile radio, we literally have tens of thousands of different contracts that are at different lengths and the systems are in different ages. The pandemic and the civil unrest has been an accelerant to some older systems here in North America that needed to be upgraded to digital and with state-of-the-art encryption to protect the communities and the local law enforcement better. I think as Molloy and his team have built new devices, APX NEXT, in TETRA, the MPX600 that’s just announced, those two represent events and opportunities for our customers to make decisions to refresh as well.
Kelly Mark: Greg, you hit it really well. I think the other thing that – we have a compelling ecosystem for our customers. That’s an overused term, but I say that under the lens of Greg nailed it. Devices that work with command center, how do you extract, how do you disseminate information in a mobile environment? Those are the expectations that we’ve seen, frankly, for a number of years in the enterprise space and government is certainly catching up to that. And I think those will be accelerants moving forward for us in public safety.
Fahad Najam: Thanks. You touched upon a follow-up piece that I wanted to ask, which is, as your government customers migrate command and control infrastructure to Next Gen digital platforms, is that creating a resulting opportunity in new applications like mission critical push to talk features on the radio? And if that’s the case, are you beginning to see that and can you quantify that opportunity?
Kelly Mark: This is Kelly. I would say, it’s not that it’s offering up those type of opportunities in the mission critical push to talk, but it offers up the opportunity to enrich the whole workflow with multimedia. And at the edge, officers today carry a mobile device with them. They can receive now from the command center video, images, and data that they couldn’t receive before. But the radio as part of the workflow is instrumental in regards to its uniqueness of its communication that it provides. So it’s not so much about mission-critical push to talk as much as it’s about enriching the entire command center workflow with all the information that we’re very used to dealing with today in our day-to-day lives. It’s now enabling that across that mission critical operational workflow so they can manage that information from 911 call intake to record in case management at the end.
Fahad Najam: If I can rephrase my question, which was a little bit more simpler, I wasn’t particularly honing in on mission critical push to talk. What I was trying to get at is are you beginning to see a refresh of your devices business as a result of the upgrade in the new command and control software that you’re now selling?
Kelly Mark: Yes, we are. So, we announced last October the APX NEXT device. We’ve already built north of $100 million in terms of funnel opportunities for that. We’re very encouraged. Remember, we introduced devices at the top end. So as we get through 2021, we’ll start to broaden the reach of those devices. We see great demand for those devices because it’s not only purpose built P25 communications, which is truly bedrock of how cities and states and public safety communicate, but to bring in LTE capabilities for back up push to talk, the ability to do on the fly programming and those kinds of things, it brings a number of those different things, so excited about that. Greg talked about, just this week, we announced a collaborative device for the TETRA market in Europe, and essentially we’re booked out for the year this year, so we’re really encouraged about that as well. So, we see a need for devices that can do more for our customers as I said earlier in terms of aggregating, disseminating, and really intelligence within their ecosystem.
Fahad Najam: Appreciate the answers. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Jim Suva of Citi. Please go ahead.
Josh Kehoe: Hi, this is Josh Kehoe on for Jim Suva. Thanks for taking our questions. Can you provide any more color on the headwinds you’re facing in the public safety LMR business and when you expect to be through them? And is it largely due to COVID-19 or is there more to it? Thank you.
Greg Brown: I think the headwinds we talked about when COVID hit us back in March were PCR and the industries that were affected by it and public safety LMR, quote-unquote, being pushed to the right. The push to the right largely around sales engagement and deployments, I don’t think that’s changed at all. That’s still the primary reason for the push to the right. Although I will tell you, it performed – its public safety LMR performed better than our expectations in Q3, and we expect it to improve again in Q4, which informs our guide. And I think public safety LMR and PCR, as I referenced earlier, I think will both improve, which will primarily drive why we expect the product segment to return to growth next year. There’s a lot of still budget sources that Molloy referenced, we’ve been the beneficiaries of The CARES Act as well, but that’s what I would say.
Jack Molloy: Yes, the only thing I’d just piggyback onto Greg’s comments there, the one issue that we’ve been challenged with is actually physical deployment of systems in the Middle East and Africa and in Latin America. So, we’re completely impaired to go do anything, and that’s really elongated our ability to recognize revenues in those theaters.
Josh Kehoe: Okay. And as a follow-up, as we look into 2021, how are you thinking about prioritizing M&A versus share repurchases? Thank you.
Greg Brown: I think that our capital allocation framework is 50-30-20. 50% of the cash flow being available for either acquisitions or share repurchase. It’s a fungible amount, depending upon the opportunities that are in front of us. 30% is dividend, and 20% is CapEx. So that framework, loosely, is that it’s not meant to be a prescription, but it’s a framework. We were active in buying back shares at these levels, as you’ve seen in Q3. We think these are attractive levels to buy the stock in Q3. And we’ll evaluate opportunities as they come. We’ve done tuck-in acquisitions on the video side, on the software side. I think that in regards to acquisitions next year, it will be, in part, a reflection of what opportunities come our way. But that’s the thinking around the deployment of capital at this point.
Josh Kehoe: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: No additional comments. Thanks for joining us today. Operator Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. And a replay of this call will be available over the internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investors. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2020 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Jason Winkler, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President of Products & Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President of Software & Services. Greg and Jason will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join the Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call we’ll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I’ll start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before our CFO, Jason Winkler, takes us through our Q2 results and outlook. First, I'm proud of our focus and execution in the second quarter, as we dealt with the challenges from COVID-19. We achieved revenue and earnings per share above our expectations, generated $209 million of operating cash flow and continued to grow in our Video Security, Command Center Software and Services businesses. Additionally, we closed the acquisition of IndigoVision in earlier this week, announced the acquisition of Pelco, investments which further strengthen our position as a global leader in Video Security. Second, our Software and Services segment continues to perform well. During the quarter, the segment grew 5% and the expanded operating margins by 260 basis points. We also won several new multiyear software and services contracts, highlighted by $26 million Next-Gen 911 nine contract with the state of Utah. And finally, I'm inspired by how our employees across the business continue to find ways to engage with customers, to sell, deploy, and support their solutions. And while the COVID-19 environment remains fluid, I am encouraged by the customer activity we've seen, particularly over the past several weeks. Now, before turning it over to Jason, I'd also like to take this opportunity to thank Gino Bonanotte for his 33 years of outstanding service at Motorola. One of Gino's many accomplishments was developing a world-class finance organization. And Jason is a great example of our strong bench, as well as our succession planning. Jason's operational finance experience across Motorola for almost 20 years and almost -- and most recently leadership of our largest segment, including Video Security, uniquely qualifies him as Gino's successor. I personally have worked closely with Jason for just under 10 years, and several of you may recall him from when he was in Investor Relations a few years back. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Jason to take you through our results and outlook before returning for some final thoughts.
Jason Winkler: Thank you, Greg. Q2 results included revenue of $1.6 billion, down 13% from a year ago, including $40 million of revenue from acquisitions and $30 million of currency headwinds. GAAP operating earnings of $218 million and operating margins of 13.5% compared to 18.8% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $359 million, down $85 million, and non-GAAP operating margins of 22.2%, down from 23.9% in the year ago quarter, due to lower sales in the Products and SI segment partially offset by higher sales and gross margins in Software and Services. GAAP earnings per share of $0.78 per share compared to $1.18 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.39 versus $169 last year, primarily due to lower sales in products, partially offset by higher sales and gross margins in Software and Services. OpEx in Q2 was $426 million, down $68 million versus last year, primarily due to lower discretionary spend and incentives, partially offset by costs from acquisitions. Q2 effective tax rate was 23% compared to 24% in the prior year, a change driven primarily due to higher R&D tax credits in this year. Turning the cash flow. Q2 operating cash flow was $209 million compared with $251 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $155 million compared with $188 million in the prior year. The year-over-year decrease in cash flow was primarily due to lower sales and net income, partially offset by improvements in working capital. For the first half, both operating cash flow and free cash flow were up year-over-year, primarily driven by an improved working capital. Capital allocation for Q2 included $109 million in cash dividends, $83 million of share repurchases, $65 million for acquisitions, and $54 million of CapEx. Additionally, we've repaid $500 million of the $800 million we borrowed in Q1 under the revolving credit facility, which was in response to COVID-19. $300 million of this was paid during Q2 and $200 million has been paid subsequent to the quarter-end, bringing the current outstanding amount to $300 million. Moving to our segment results. Q2 Products and Systems Integration sales were $968 million, down 22% driven by a decline in professional and commercial radio and public safety LMR. The decline in the segment was primarily delayed sales engagement and deployments primarily caused by COVID-19. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $20 million and the currency headwinds were $10 million. Operating earnings were $131 million or 13.5% of sales, down 600 basis points from last year, primarily driven by lower sales. Some notable Q2 wins and achievements in the segment included a $24 million P25 order for the state of Alaska, a $20 million P25 order for Newton County, Georgia and a $17 million P25 order for the state of South Dakota. We also launched the WatchGuard V300 continuous operation body worn camera, the first in the industry to address law enforcement's need for cameras that remain operational beyond a 12-hour shift. We closed on the acquisition of IndigoVision, and this week announced the Pelco transaction, both important assets as we expand our video security solutions. Moving to the Software and Services segment. Revenue was $650 million, up 5% from last year driven by growth in North America Services and Software. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $20 million and currency headwinds were $20 million. Operating earnings were $228 million or 35.1% of sales, up 260 basis points from last year, driven by higher gross margins and improved operating leverage. Some notable Q2 wins in this segment include a $37 million P25 multiyear services contract with the state of Louisiana, a $10 million statewide multiyear services contract in North America, an $8 million multiyear computer aided dispatch contract with Baltimore County, and a $26 million Next-Gen 911 services contract with the state of Utah. Next-Gen 911 is a growing part of our business that provides enhanced database infrastructure, enabling multimedia content for 911 systems. Looking at regional results. North America Q2 revenue was $1.1 billion, down 13% due to declines in professional and commercial radio and public safety LMR, partially offset by growth in Video Security, Command Center Software and Services. International Q2 revenue was $525 million, down 14% primarily due to a decline in professional and commercial radio and unfavorable FX. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was $10.5 billion, down $376 million compared to last year, inclusive of $126 million of unfavorable currency rates, driven further by revenue recognition on the Airwave and ESN contracts and a few other international deployments, partially offset by growth in North America. Sequentially backlog was up $68 million, inclusive of $253 million of favorable currency rates. Software and Services backlog was down $148 million or 2% compared to last year, inclusive of $116 million of unfavorable currency rates, revenue recognition on the Airwave and ESN contracts and partially offset by growth in North America multiyear agreements. Sequentially backlog was up $161 million or 2%, inclusive of $225 million of favorable currency rates. Products and SI segment backlog was down $228 million or 7% compared to last year, inclusive of $10 million of unfavorable currency, due to large international deployments and COVID-19 delaying sales engagements. Sequentially backlog was down $93 million or 3%, inclusive of $27 million of favorable currency rates, driven primarily by COVID-19 delaying sales engagements. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q3 sales to be down between 9% and 8%, with non-GAAP EPS between $1.72 and $1.78 per share. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 174 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 23%. For the full year, we expect sales to be down approximately 7%, with non-GAAP EPS between $7.40 and $7.52. This assumes approximately $30 million of FX headwinds at the current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 175 million shares, and an effective tax rate of approximately 21% to 22%. Additionally, we still expect to realize the $210 million of year-over-year OpEx reductions that we communicated on our last call. The acquisition of Pelco as an incremental $30 million of OpEx for the balance of the year, resulting in a net reduction of $180 million inclusive of Pelco. And for our operating cash flow, it is expected to be $1.5 billion for the year. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Jason. And let me just close with a few thoughts. First, our momentum is strong in Software and Services. In Command Center Software, we won numerous multiyear awards during the quarter, highlighted by our Next-Generation 911 order from the state of Utah. Additionally, we're seeing an increase in engagements for our cloud based solutions as more public safety agencies recognize the benefits that these solutions can provide. We launched our CAD and records products in the cloud during the second quarter and have sold it to a number of customers already. In our services business, the support we've provided to our LMR customers during the pandemic has further validated the criticality of private secure mission critical networks. We continue to see customers investing in these networks for the long-term. Second, in our Product segment where we clearly felt the impact from COVID-19 during Q2, as many of our customers experienced disruptions, I've been encouraged by the increase in activity we've seen particularly over the past several weeks with our customers. We are expecting improvement in the second half of the year, as economies open up and public safety customers, reengage. In our Video Security business, demand remains strong and we continue to expect growth for the year. We're investing in the portfolio to provide AI powered solutions with analytics that keep people and communities safe. And we've expanded our global footprint with the recent acquisitions of IndigoVision and Pelco. And finally, as I look to the second half of 2020, we expect business conditions to gradually improve from the low point in Q2. Our portfolio of solutions across LMR, video, and command center software, together with the services we provide, are as critical as ever. Engagements with our customers and the corresponding pipeline have increased sequentially. And our balance sheet and free cash flow generation remain strong, providing us with the flexibility to be opportunistic in the deployment of capital. I'll turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callars to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind callars on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from Tim Long of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. Maybe -- I got one for you Greg, and then when we're done, I have a follow-up for Jason. Greg, you talked about some encouraging conversations recently, I would love to get more color there, particularly in the context of state and local government budgets and how you're seeing that? And what kind of impact do you see the rest of the year, and any more color that would be great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think that things have gradually are improving. It's incremental, but from the low point, Tim, in April and May was tough as well. June is better in July, has performed within kind of the context of our expectations. I think that as customers reengage among other things, there's obviously heightened interest around video, particularly body worn video. There's interest in cloud and cloud engagement, given more and more people having to work from home and a few of our customers that are having public safety systems and major deployments. Some may not be fully encrypted. And given the congregation of large numbers of people in the cities, some of these customers have reached out in an effort to have us work with them to accelerate their public safety systems to encrypt them and be more secure. Those are three themes. I think the other thing I would say is we've done a pretty good job. I think the Lloyd's team has done a great job and Kelly's team on learning how to engage customers remotely and move some procurements along. I also think that the pipeline is beginning to see some gradual improvement, which is positive as well. And I don't know if you want to add anything to that, Jack.
Jack Molloy: Yeah. I think, you said Greg. State local, we're full on reengaged with customers face-to-face in North America, but maybe just a few stats to put meat on the bones. Our marketing call center inquiries in Q2 were up 15%, quotes for body worn were up close to 50% and in car and body worn requests for quotes were up over a 100%. So, just to kind of quantify some of the things that Greg spoke about.
Tim Long: Okay. That's great. Jason welcome since your first one, I'll throw one to you. Obviously, great performance in the margins on Software and Services. Could you talk a little bit about kind of sustainability and as that business scales, and there's more bundle sales and software and things like that. Is there still room for upside to that line? And what would drive that? Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Tim. First, we were pleased with the growth of 5% in the segment for the quarter, and it did drive higher gross margins complemented by lower operating expenses and leverage. So, I'm pleased with the performance there. I think the team led by Kelly continues to execute well. And we'll continue to expect growth from that business as well as continue to expect operating margins this year around 34%. 
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today will come from Adam Tindle of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Good afternoon. Greg, I just wanted to start -- appreciate you bringing out full year guidance. And it looks like on 2020 on the EBITDA line, it actually might shape up similar or maybe a little bit better than 2008, 2009. And I just wanted to challenge that embedded in guidance is a Q4 upswing. And I just have two questions around that. First, on the revenue line, it's going to imply improvement year-over-year in that line. What gave you the confidence to go that far out? A couple quarters out, you have something on from orders or aged backlog that gave you the visibility to stick your neck out for Q4. And then secondly, on the operating profit dollar line, it looks like operating profit dollars are going to be down less than revenue on a year-over-year basis. It plays a pretty big swing sequentially in Q4 on operating profit dollars. Why would that occur? Is there some cost cuts incremental or something like that that would make that operating profit dollar line inflect like that? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yeah. So, first thing kind of let me contextualize the Q3 guide, obviously revenue down negative eight to negative nine, and then all-in, revenue down approximately 7% of for fiscal year 2020. Now, when I referenced second half improvement, I'm talking about improvement from the low point anchored in Q2, which was -- April was things pretty much seized up and May wasn't much better. So, the improvement is off of Q2, even contemplated in the guidance though. We're still -- while it's sequentially improving, we are not -- we don't anticipate growth in Q4 to get to the all-in negative 7% decline. So, we are not contemplating or anticipating Q4 standalone to return positively to growth. Although, we think it will sequentially improve from Q3. You referenced kind of second half of this year versus the fiscal crisis in 2009, I would say here are the differences that I think about between those two periods. In many regards, this is worse, because COVID-19 is a public health prices, which has been contributed to the second most difficult economic situation since 2009. And it's global. It's not a North American phenomenon or U.S. phenomenon, it's in 188 countries. That's the bad news. The good news is we're totally different company than we were in 2009. If we rewind the tape and think about what we were facing then, we still had -- we were in the cellphone business losing several hundred million a quarter. We were in the cellular wireless infrastructure business with single digit market share, sitting at number five or number six. And those businesses were structurally challenged. Today, we are in mission critical public safety networks. We're in, what I would call, kind of central nervous system 911 command center software. And we're in all things video, fixed video, body worn video, dash-cam video, license plate recognition. So the portfolio of the firm is much more critical needs to have, the nice to have, and obviously we've been impacted by COVID-19, but that disruption has been more about a disruption than a decline in overall demand. The long-term drivers still remain pretty sound. And even in this difficult year, we still expect to grow in command center software. We expect to grow in video security. We expect to grow in land mobile radio services. And when you look at the Software and Services segment -- and by the way, on the last call in May, I think I referenced Software and Services we thought could grow in the mid single digits. We now expect for full year 2020 Software and Services segment to grow more in the high single digits. The operating margin guidance of that segment we referenced last time was 33%. Jason just said a few minutes ago, we now expect all-in more like 34% operating margin for Software and Services. So, I certainly don't want to collectively put our neck out. I think, it's more reflection of the beginning progress we're seeing in the months of June and July. And the last thing I would throw in is aged backlog, which you referenced actually is up slightly, both for Q3 from this position heading into Q3 and for the second half. And those ingredients are what informs our perspective for the full year.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks, Greg.
Greg Brown: Yeah. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question will come from George Notter of Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
George Notter: Hi. Thanks very much. I guess, I wanted to get back to the questions around public safety, LMR. There's a stimulus package obviously kind of potentially coming out of the U.S. House and Senate. And I guess, I'm just trying to think about how state and local governments are kind of parsing that. I mean, it may or may not include some backfill for budgets on state and local. If you think about your outlook over the second half of the year, I mean, are governments counting on any stimulus ? Or when you talk about the picture you have over the back half of the year, is it fair to say you're not expecting any stimulus as part of that picture? So, any help there would be great. Thanks.
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think first, the guidance we're giving you today contemplates kind of the state of play as it is today. We talked about public safety engagement being pushed to the right a bit in our inability to get with customers face-to-face. It also impacted some deployments. But I would characterize that again as is more of a disruption than a decline in demand. Now, all-in, when we think about North America public safety, land mobile radio, all-in products and services, I think we contemplate approximately a decline of about 7% for North America public safety products and services all-in. So, that's kind of the way we think about it.
Jason Winkler: Yeah. And maybe to piggyback off that, George, as you well know, implied in our guidance, we look at deals on a really a ground up basis. So, there were funded. We feel like we've guided prudently. I will say that any -- and really the CARES money, so some of the phase two CARES money has started to flow to the state/local governments. In fact, we were receipt of an order from a state in the Southeast, $20 million order in the Southeast of P25 upgrade just in the last few weeks. So, we'll see some of that, but it's all implied in what we see in the second half of the year. In general, any additional monies may be beneficial. But what we see for the second half of the year is already funded. 
George Notter: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
Jason Winkler: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you for the question. Now that you've introduced your body worn camera, and also we've talked about the video opportunity a bit more broader on past calls, and as you integrated IndigoVision [ph] and WatchGuard, are you still expecting to grow at three times the video market rate, even with the introduction of a body worn camera, given the series of current events that have actually taken place in North America, do you still expect to go three times the market? 
Jack Molloy: Yeah. Sami, hi. It's Jack. There's really two questions. We've talked about growing three times the market really in the context of our fixed video business. And we -- yes. The answer to that is yes. We believe, and we think that the external market share data validates the fact that we're growing three times the market there. We -- with our recent acquisitions of both IndigoVision and Pelco, we've added incremental scale, incremental geographic coverage. We've broadened our portfolio with [indiscernible] and explosion proof technology that further -- we've also added open channels of distribution that will bolster our North America business. So, I think we're even in a better spot as we were just three months ago to continue to grow. And I think three times is a good marker. As we pivot to body worn camera, we've had a body worn solution that came with the acquisition of WatchGuard. But I think right now, environmentally, the cost for more transparency in police in the U.S. -- by the way, in the U.S. and also abroad, we've got two deals in Europe, north of a million dollars here in the last few months for body worn cameras as well. Our pipeline is expanding. You heard my commentary around requests for quotes, both for body worn and for body and in car combination deals. We're seeing customers ask for accelerated deployments, and it really works out very well because in May, we announced our V300 new body worn camera. We think we've improved the quality. And just in the last two weeks, we've come out with a body worn camera is a service offering as well that the market had been asking for. So listen, we feel really good about where we stand with fix video with adding incremental brand and coverage. And then, we love what's -- our opportunities in body worn, and we think the market wants alternatives in the body worn camera space as well.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for those details. And then, maybe a quick one on Pelco. I know you guys disclosed the revenue run rate and the fact that it's going to be EPS dilutive. But do you guys have a timeframe in mind that when it's going to be EPS neutral or creative? And what growth rate of revenue should we expect for that acquisition or that revenue run rate?
Greg Brown: Yeah. So, as you pick up and we've talked about it being $55 million, maybe $60 million of contribution of top line this year, and slightly dilutive on EPS, approximately $0.03. So, as we get into next year, it will be dilutive again to a small amount. And then as -- the improvements to the business around growth, which we expect to execute into the 20 21 and beyond.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. 
Ben Bollin: Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to start -- I was hoping you could talk a little bit about how you think about public sector budgets and whether you feel there could be any long tail impacts to those public safety revenue sources into future years or future periods, because of what you've seen in the last quarter or so from COVID? And specifically just any thoughts on income taxes, property taxes and sales taxes. And then I have a follow-up. 
Jack Molloy: Sure. Ben, it’s Jack. Maybe I'll take a stab at your -- the first part of your question. So, what we see with COVID has really been more around physical disruption of being able to meet with customers. I think we've done a good job in trying to make sure we had virtual connections with customers, integrations ability -- Kelly's team's ability to continue to service those customers. But as we talked about before -- and I think this is an important thing -- as it relates to the overall state of play with kind of call it policing budgets in the U.S., technology's actually a very small portion of that. Technology gives public safety leverage in the ability to be more efficient. So, actually as we think about our engagements with customers, our proposal flow pipeline and all those kinds of things, we've actually seen some of those things pick up. But the reality is no matter if -- no matter how something's funded, you're going to call 911, someone's going to have to be able to communicate. And I think we play a pretty prominent role there. The other thing is you think about funding, I think a lot of attention is paid to sales tax funding, which has been most acutely impacted through COVID, but there's a multitude of different funding sources that really play within funding technology in the public space. It's property taxes, which quite frankly may actually improve. If you look at some of the home pricing and those kinds of things. Federal grant transfer dollars, and just even looking at the CARES Act, just for the first two phases, we'll probably increase funding to the coffers of public safety. And the last thing and it's really important, because it's been part and parcel to a lot of our acquisitions is really around 911 funding. And so with all of this going on, and we read all the narrative in the media and the journal, New York Times and alike, just this Monday night, we had a deal in Kalamazoo, Michigan, that was approved the 911 -- they went to referendum. They call it a millage in the state of Michigan, went to vote, went to ballot to fund a P25 upgrade in Kalamazoo. And it was approved at a two-thirds to one-third by the public. And I think public will continue to make sure that they give the police fire, EMS officers, the best of breed technology. And quite frankly, despite all the narrative in the media, we haven't seen any kind of damage to our engagement and pipeline in the business.
Ben Bollin: That's really helpful. Thanks. The other -- plays into this a little bit. I wanted to touch on -- kind of how you grade yourself in the command center initiative, within the call center, dispatch records, just your thoughts on progress market share. And I know there's a player out there that's somewhat distressed the PE roll off. I'm curious if you feel like, there's still a lot of market share out there to grab, just how you see that market developing. Thanks.
Kelly Mark: Sure. I'll take that. This is Kelly, Ben. We're very pleased with the progress we're making in the command center. In fact, this quarter we announced our Records and our CAD products are now available in the cloud. We've had -- already had a number of sales and deployments that we're working on around that. We've announced a lot of new features associated with our 911 call taking, related to call transcriptions, some new features there. And what you've probably heard on the call was also that we also just got awarded a deal with the state of Utah NGCS. And NGCS I'll just remind you is -- it is our -- it's a new growing part of our software business that provides enhanced data infrastructure for 911 system. So they can handle text, voice, multimedia, and other video applications and things that might be sent as a 911 call centers. And the way I'd simply described that, if you think about our 911 call centers, that folks sit in and handle calls, they typically are using our VESTA call taking software. It's basically been what I would call a single lane road going into call centers right now -- in the single lane road handled voice calls. That's it. What we're now doing is building a multi-lane highway that goes into these call centers that provides them the opportunity, as I said, to handle multimedia, voice, text, and video. And Utah's a good example of that. And that's going to be a growing new piece of our software business, but we're very pleased. We're well landed with a lot of customers. We're continuing to see expansion in regards to sales and customers buying into the suite. And I think it's a great opportunity for us to take that install base that we have and continue to expand it with these new offerings that we're developing.
Greg Brown: Yeah. The thing I would add too is I think Kelly and his whole team from an internal expectation standpoint, they meet or beat the financial targets that we give them inside the company. Andrew Sinclair and his team have done great -- a great job integrating the suite and getting operating efficiencies out of the point solutions and point acquisitions we made, referenced again this quarter 260 basis points expansion in operating margin. And while we do expect operating margins over time to continue to grow and we now expect that Software and Services segment to be approximately 34%, that also has to be weighted into -- we'll make commensurate investments along the way too. So, I think that the operating margin improvement in this segment, in total, will be a bit more measured. I don't think you can necessarily take the 500 some basis points done two quarters ago and 260 basis points this quarter and straight line it, it'll be a bit more measured. But I love the investment. I love the integration. We got a lot of outside technical talent largely based software skills out of Seattle and Salt Lake City. And I'm pleased with the progress being done all the way around that front.
Ben Bollin: Thanks everyone. I appreciate it.
Greg Brown: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Paul Coster: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I'm wondering if there's any significant shift in the mix of sales between infrastructure and devices. And within devices, any significance to the sort of the LTE based products. Is there a shift in favor of those at this time?
Jason Winkler: I think that -- yeah, there's been some mixed shifts where devices have been down in Q2 in a more pronounced way, but by the way, it's consistent to the expectations, Paul, that we had. I had mentioned I think in May our PCR device business, which professional and commercial radio, think about it as kind of non-public safety radio sold to enterprise. That's been acutely affected, because it's largely anchored in verticals like oil and gas, airline travel hospitality. So that's been the most pronounced decline. We still expect the PCR business to be down approximately 35% for the full year 2020. So that device decline has been more acute as we talked about. And there's been some device decline as well in public safety, given the COVID-19 disruptions, but all pretty much within the envelope of expectations. As it relates to LTE, nothing really new. LTE is a complimentary broadband network that compliments mission critical public safety and in the U.S. the P25 networks that are deployed. So, nothing -- no material change on that front.
Paul Coster: One area of consensus coming out of Washington is the need to kind of beef up rural communications. And I'm just wondering, are you seeing any spillover effect from those infrastructure funds that are being deployed? 
Jack Molloy: Paul, it's Jack. So, in public safety, we've got 43 state and provincial networks. I think out of the 47 that had been built, many of those are rural areas, so we've got good public safety coverage in rural America. And I think that's probably the biggest thing. We have continued to see by the way. There's also a couple of states that we deem rural that are looking at CARES funding to accelerate the acquisition of statewide upgrades. So, I think it's probably more generally CARES funding that they get directed to some of those rural states.
Paul Coster: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Paul. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Silverstein of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. Greg, last quarter, I think, you said public sector video hit the $50 million revenue mark roughly one year after your first launched video into the public sector. I recognize there's going to be quarterly volatility, but I'm hoping you can give us an update on that number. And I guess the longer term question would be, if I remember correctly, you did $700 million video all-in in calendar 2019, almost all which by definition was from the commercial non-public sector market. And the thought arises, you just added Pelco over a hundred -- sounds like over $100 million annualize run rate. I think Indigo did $50 million last year, and that was growing at 12% and my understanding was -- is somewhat impaired at the time. So, you've just added $150 million of revenue on top of your video base. When you look out into calendar 2021, what do you see for the video progression? I assume the public sector, given that it's so early in that adoption, we should expect public sector and Feds video very aggressively with or without the police to funding moment. And that $50 million by the end of this year, it could be in the high tens, not a $100 million. I think about it too aggressively.
Greg Brown: So Paul, if we dimensionalize the video security business all-in and you referenced a few assets, but if I think about Avigilon, IndigoVision and Pelco, and then VaaS and WatchGuard, given the organic development and the continued acquisitions, we're now approaching a $1 billion of annualized revenue. I think for this year, if I were to range, it I'd range it between $900 million and maybe $940 million of annualized video security revenue for us inside the company. So, it's consequential. It's more significant. It's against the backdrop of the largest addressable market we serve. Molloy talked about on the fixed video side our ability and our expectation to continue to grow three X the market now. Historically fixed video was growing at about -- we think about video security and access control about 5%, that may not grow as high as that. It may be low single digits as an overall market, but our goal is still quite clear to take market share in fixed video. And on body worn video, I think the market is excited about the prospect of a vibrant second competitor and alternative choice. So, a lot of good things going on there now. You referenced the video for IndigoVision and Pelco of previous periods, but again, it's also in the backdrop of COVID-19. So, you necessarily can't take a historical video number and extrapolate into 2021. I think it's fair to say we know that Pelco revenues will be less in 2020, both -- before they were owned by us and in the stub period annualized, Pelco revenue could be between $140 million and $150 million -- a $140 million and $150 million for 2020. And then our goal would be to stabilize that, use the global channel, use the second brand, use the international footprint, use the unique portfolio into the federal market that Pelco affords this.  There's a lot of interesting possibilities that company and that brand present to us as an owner that I don't think standalone they necessarily could gain on their own. We continue to make progress on the video side, on the government side. Maybe Jack can talk to that.
Jack Molloy: Yeah. So, Paul, just two things. I think Greg hit it pretty well. The first thing is, as we think about the government piece of it, that's education as well as public safety. And I think one thing I want to note that we're all exceptionally proud of is the team's agility and how quick they move to market when they were working from home to develop the COVID-19 dashboard. So, think about kids going back to school and the universities and in the K through 12 environment, we've developed software that can do occupancy counting within classrooms or the workplace, social distancing metrics, mass detections. Through use of our access control manager, we can do correlation reports [technical difficulty] to the workplace or to schools, that software will continue to help us in the -- not only in government, we believe in the enterprise space as well.
Paul Silverstein: Hey, Greg and Jack, to my question about relative to the $50 million you did in the first quarter for public sector. Can you give us an update on that? 
Greg Brown: Yeah. I think we -- as much as Q3, obviously -- so I guess I'll answer it this way. We were impacted in April and May pretty severely. But we saw pickup. We grew -- in June -- we grew 7% in June. And we saw the government business pick up. In fact, we landed in other north of million dollar deal with a federal agency. Education business picked up again in June. Probably wasn't quite 50, but, directionally the business is still very strong. 
Paul Silverstein: All right. Greg, just a clarification on your PCR comment. If I recall, PCR was a $1 billion annual business for you. So when you saw about it being down 35%, I'm sorry -- about $350 million ballpark.
Jason Winkler: That's right. Approximately, yes.
Paul Silverstein: All right. I'll pass it on. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Jason Winkler: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Trevor filling in for Keith. Could you talk about how canceled deals compared to delayed deals in the second quarter? And when would you expect the delayed deals to become realized?
Greg Brown: Sure. Trevor, so to be candid, and I think I'd be aware of him because I'm forced by someone that'd be very detailed. And I said, no, I'm kidding. But we didn't have any deals that were canceled. What we've seen and I think you've probably heard this is, we did have delayed engagements on meeting. So, when we started analyzing pipeline in April and really the first two weeks of May, we saw some new deal creation that slowed. The other piece of it is from an integration standpoint. We saw the physical ability to access sites. And those access command centers as we were deploying command center software. We had some delays, but I would tell you equally, we've virtually deployed eight countywide networks in Q2. And the other piece of it that I think, that Kelly and his team has done an excellent job on is we actually have seen our -- the renewals for our management support service contracts in North America have not only been signed -- on-time signage, but actually upsold as well. So, I think that the services team did an excellent job on that. So nothing canceled. Some delays and pushed to the right, but we've seen renewals for our service management support agreements accelerate not only in size, but in terms of on-time signage as well.
Jack Molloy: Yeah. And the only thing I'd add to that is, if we take the regional lens through the business we talked about engagements improving incrementally in North America in June and July. If we look at the rest of the world, the international business, I would say that since May Latin America has stepped down, we expect that to be down now about $90 million for the full year, which is an incremental $60 million decline from May, but that's largely offset positively by the acquisition of Pelco, but that's the only other color I did. But no cancellations, delayed deals beginning, and again, beginning to get some traction, Kelly's on service renewals, customer renewals on-time, and in some cases, it increased value. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from Jim Suva of Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you and good evening. Earlier in the conference call, you pretty much alleviated the concerns about the funding of projects. You talked about the prioritization to first responders, which is believable and just fine. My question is as things are being bid on, are you being asked to give proposal on? And I don't want the answer to be both. Is it more command center or more like body worn camera or more security? I know you kind of talked about all of them, but when we get excited about the -- yeah, dimensionalizing the three.
Greg Brown: It's a great question. If we take it from a revenue view and take the revenue opportunity around securing infrastructures that are unencrypted today, cloud and body worn, I think -- and I'll have Jack jumped in, I would say probably securing land mobile radio network opportunities with -- from an all-in revenue opportunity would be number one. And what would you say between body worn and cloud?
Jack Molloy: Body worn right now, and then followed -- from a revenue perspective, followed closely by cloud as well.
Greg Brown: And also because the cloud opportunities that we would capture are largely as a service going forward. So, in terms of their revenue, significance annualized. It's less than the other two. But over the longer term, obviously, a cloud customer with an annuity based as a service is a very valuable financial customer.
Jim Suva: And then my follow on is, I know it's not a razor blade model. But I assume kind of once you get in with say, body worn cameras or something else you naturally are picking up and pitching the cross selling. Can you talk a little bit about that? Are you seeing a lot of success or any metrics of X percent of cross selling you've seen or anything like that we can be just be conscious of?
Jack Molloy: Yeah. So, one of the things we do and we're very conscious of when we make acquisitions and we continue to bring things into the public safety or the enterprise portfolio is really who's the decision makers and what's our capability to get in front of those customers. And do we have trust? Do we have influence with those customers? So, a lot of the success you've seen and we're seeing with body worn cameras and frankly, in the command center software space as well, our customers that really -- those relationships were founded upon. They've had long lasting relationships with our public safety P25 network. So, there's a lot of commonality and decision makers in public safety. And we've had good -- I think good success in terms of going and continuing to add and build on those trusted relationships. So, cross-sell is just part of the DNA. We ask our account managers. Jim, just to give you -- just to kind of, alliterate it, we have a three dimensional view of every account. And we look at every technology we bring to bear. And we essentially have a stop sign type chart to say where we are in the progress, who's our competition and all those kinds of things. So, that gives you a perspective, but that's how we make decisions on what to buy and then how we go approach customers.
Greg Brown: Jim, I might just add on the cross-sell component. I think that we definitely -- from a sense when there's body worn, it feeds into our records platform on command -- in our command center. But we're still seeing a lot of traction with our customers in regards to them expanding into the suite. And certainly, there's a high level of cross-sell across whole aspects of our suite from the 911 call handling into the CAD products and into the Records products. And the integration that we provide underneath in regards to helping our customers manage that entirety of that workflow through its full complexity, not just body worn video and handling video, but handling everything that comes in to a customer from the 911 call, to all the way to what happens in an incident, all the way to the body worn video, all the way into jail records and court. Those are things that are critical to our customers and they look for a customer to give them an integrated view. So, they all work together as Jack referenced. And in particular, I'd just say in the command center side, it's incredibly important there on that cross-sell.
Tim Yocum: Next question.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. At this time, I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Tim Yokum, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: Yeah. Appreciate you listening in today and we look forward to talking to many of you soon. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. And a replay of this call will be available over the internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Company Representatives: Greg Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Gino Bonanotte - Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Jack Molloy - Executive Vice President of Products & Sales Kelly Mark - Executive Vice President of Software & Services Tim Yocum - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the First Quarter 2020, Motorola Solutions Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2020 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President of Products & Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President of Software & Services. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join the Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call we’ll reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2019 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks Time. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I’ll start off by sharing a few thoughts on the business before Gino takes us through our Q1 results and second quarter outlook. First, I'd like to start by thanking our more than 17,000 people around the world for their resilience, adaptability and unwavering commitment to our customers. We made the decision in mid-March to have the vast majority of our workforce do their jobs remotely and they've successfully and smoothly transitioned to their new environments. Those who needed to work on-site have shown a fearless dedication to our customers, leaving the safety of their homes to ensure that our mission critical operation centers and customer sites remain reliable and always on. I’d also like to say that we're deeply thankful for the actions of the public safety and healthcare professionals that are keeping us and our community safe, and we're acutely aware of our responsibility to them during these unprecedented times. Because of this, our employees have gone to great lengths to continue to support them and I could not be more proud of their efforts. Second, despite the challenges brought on by COVID-19 we grew earnings per share by 16% during the quarter, expanded operating margins by 200 basis points and generated $308 million of operating cash flow, an increase of 23% versus the prior year. Additionally, we continue to see strong demand for our Video Security Solutions, highlighted by a $28 million order from a large utility in North America, the single largest order in the history of the Avigilon business, and our Software & Services segment grew sales by 13% and expanded operating margins by 520 basis points. And finally, while the COVID-19 pandemic has confirmed the fundamental need for our mission critical solutions, it's also brought uncertainties surrounding its severity, impact and duration. So as a result we made the decision to withdraw our full year guidance at this time. We'll reassess this decision at the end of the second quarter based on the information and clarity we have at that time. And with that, I'll now turn the call over Gino to provide additional details on Q1 and our second quarter outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q1 includes revenue of $1.7 billion, flat versus a year ago, including $48 million of revenue from acquisitions and $7 million of currency headwind. GAAP operating earnings of $259 million is up $30 million and operating margin of 15.6% of sales compared to 13.8% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $347 million up $32 million or 10% and non GAAP operating margins of 21% of sales, up 200 basis points from 19%, driven by higher gross margin. GAAP earnings per share of $1.12 compared to $0.86 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.49 up 16% from $1.28 last year on higher operating earnings and a lower effective tax rate in the current quarter. OpEx in Q1 was $451 million, down $15 million versus last year, primarily due to lower incentives and lower legal expenses, partially offset by costs related to acquisitions. The Q1 effect of tax rate was 15% compared to 20% in the prior year. The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to higher excess tax benefits and share based compensation. Turning to cash flow, Q1 operating cash flow was $308 million compared with $251 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $260 million compared with $185 million in the prior year. The year-over-year increase in cash flow was primarily due to improved working capital. Capital allocation for the quarter included $253 million of share repurchases, $109 million in cash dividends, $48 million of CapEx and $36 million for acquisition. Additionally, out of an abundance of caution, we made the decision to draw down $800 million from our revolving credit facility. We ended the quarter with $1.7 billion in cash and have an additional $1.4 billion of committed undrawn capacity remaining on the revolver. We've also taken numerous actions over the past several years to restructure our debt maturity profile and de-risk our pension liability. As a result, we have no debt maturities in 2020 or 2021 absent the revolver and no expected pension contribution until 2023. The strong liquidity position and balance sheet provides us with the capital deployment flexibility for acquisition opportunity in the future. Moving to segment results, Q1 products and systems integration sales were $993 million, down $76 million or 7% driven by a decline in Professional and Commercial Radio, partially offset by strong growth in Video Security. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $24 million and currency headwinds were $5 million. Operating earnings were $123 million or 12.4% of sales, down 140 basis points from last year due to the lower revenue. Notable Q1 wins in the segment include a $28 million Video Security award for a large utility customer in North America, of which $10 million was recognized as revenue in Q1; over $50 million of sales into governments across the entire Video Security portfolio, a $13 million P25 order for Port of Los Angeles California; a $12 million P25 order for Dinwiddie County, Virginia and an $8 million TETRA order for Germany's Armed Forces. Moving to Software & Services, revenue was $662 million up $74 million or 13% from last year, driven by growth in Command Center Software & Services. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $24 million and currency headwinds were $2 million. Operating earnings were $224 million or 33.8% of sales, up 520 basis points from last year, driven by higher gross margins and improved operating leverage. Notable Q1s in the segment include an $8 million P25 multi-year service contract extension with Cleveland, Ohio; a $6 million P25 multi-year services contract in Latin America; a $4 million Command Center Software suite contract with Brampton, Ontario; and a $3 million Command Center Software suite contract with Ft. Wayne, Indiana. Looking at regional results, during the quarter we restructured our operations to realize more operational efficiencies combining EMEA, Asia Pac and Latin America into one region, which is now reflected as the International. Accordingly, we now report net sales in two regions; North America, which includes the United States and Canada, and International. North America Q1 revenue was $1.1 billion, up 4% driven by growth in Video Security, Command Center Software & Services, partially offset by a decline in professional and commercial radio. International Q1 revenue was $539 million, down 7% due to a decline in Professional and Commercial Radio, primarily in Asia Pac. Moving to backlog, ending backlog was $10.4 billion, up $48 million compared to last year, inclusive of $462 million of unfavorable currency rates. Sequentially backlog was down $821 million due to $407 million of unfavorable currency rate, revenue recognition of the Airwave and ESN contract and typical North America order seasonality. Software & Services backlog was up $120 million or 2% compared to last year due to growth in North America multi-year agreements, partially offset by $423 million of unfavorable currency rates. Sequentially backlog was down $604 million, primarily due to $368 million of unfavorable currency rate and revenue recognition for ESN and Airwave. Product and SI segment backlog was down $72 million or 2% compared to last year, inclusive of $39 million of unfavorable currency rate. A decline in international backlog was partially offset by growth in North America. Sequentially backlog was down $217 million, driven primarily by typical North America order seasonality. Turning to our outlook, we expect Q2 sales to be down between 17% and 14%, with non-GAAP EPS between $1.18 and $1.27. This assumes approximately $30 million of FX headwinds at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately $175 million shares, and an effective tax rate of between 24% and 25%. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown : Thanks Gino. I thought I would end with a few high level comments regarding the full year impact COVID-19 is having on our business and how we're responding. First, while this pandemic has disrupted and delayed our engagements with some customers and will have an impact on certain parts of our business, we remain fully committed to continue investing in our growth businesses. In Command Center Software we are accelerating our development to move to the cloud and recently launched our first cloud enabled CAD customer. We also expect our records in CAD solutions to be fully cloud enabled by the end of this year with our 911 software to follow in 2021. In the Video Security business I'm very pleased with the continued traction with our enterprise and government customers, and will continue to invest in our H5 camera line, analytics, cloud based VMS solutions and features that integrate video and land mobile radio, while also expanding our sales coverage. Additionally, our durable cash flow generation and strong balance sheet put us in a unique position to be opportunistic with respect to acquisitions going forward. Second, while this is a critical time to continue to invest, we're also taking actions in a number of other areas to reduce our operating expenses. We now expect operating expenses to be down approximately $210 million versus 2019, which is a $150 million more than the annual decrease we discussed on our last earnings call. This additional reduction driven by lower to variable compensation, lower discretionary spend in areas such as travel and contractors and third party expenses and a reduction in real-estate should allow us to slightly expand operating margins for this year. And finally, Motorola Solutions has been providing mission critical solutions to customers on the front line for over 90 years, and have managed through a number of crises, and I couldn't be more proud of how our people have responded to this one. Whether it's our Airwaves team enabling network coverage for temporary hospitals being built in the U.K. or our team helping the customer move their 911 command center operations to a back-up location in days, where one of their employees tested positive for COVID, our teams are going to great lengths to make sure our customers mission critical needs are met. We entered this pandemic in a very secure position and I absolutely believe that we’ll emerge an even stronger company on the other side of it. And now, let me turn this call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before I begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long : Thank you. Yeah, maybe just for the two of them. First – maybe the quick one first. When thinking about kind of the whole in revenues in Q2 versus kind of what was probably originally expected, Gino can you help pass out how much of that is TCR related and how much is public safety? And then Greg, if you could just talk a little bit about the public safety market. It seems like overall the company's being impacted more than prior, you know macro events in the world. So could you talk a little bit about what's different? What do you think is driving the change to the public safety market other than just logistics? Do you see any other fundamental changes here given the macro backdrop? Thank you.
Gino Bonanotte : Hi Jim, this is Gino. On the first part of the question, clearly we've seen pressure in Professional and Commercial Radio. Certain verticals have been significantly impacted. You can think about hospitality, transportation, specifically airlines, oil and gas, manufacturing related to the pandemic and the shutdown for shelter-in-place orders. We have seen some impact to public safety as our engagements have been delayed, both in terms of site work, but also in terms of being able to talk to customers. Obviously our customers are on the front lines of dealing with a pandemic and there's certainly been a delay in that engagement and the ability to talk to our customers really frankly beginning in mid-March, lasting through April and certainly in larger markets through May. And it’s also important to note that embedded in that guidance, we continue to expect Command Center and Video Security – Command Center Software and Video Security to grow in Q2. But that dimensionally, PCR, certain verticals very much impacted, public safety characterized as a move to the right, based on as you said, logistics and inability to get in front of people and get to sites.
Greg Brown: Yeah, and Tim I would add that even though things have been pushed to the right, you know we're a different company now than we were several years ago. The good news is, you know we still expect Software & Services to grow this year. It could grow mid-single digits, we'll see, but we still expect that to grow. We do expect Video Security to grow, Command Center Software as part of Software & Services and I actually think – look, I think the severity of Q2 isn't so much as things have changed in public safety. I actually don't think they have. I think they've been pushed. Two or three weeks in March we effectively became locked down in major locations domestically here in the states. That lockdown has continued in May, as well as April. So I think when you look at Q2 and see the sharpness of that decline, it's really things pushing to the right than any structural or behavioral patterns to the changing in public safety. What we do is still a need-to-do versus a nice-to-do, but obviously the situation is pretty extensive given that it’s a combination of a public health crisis, as well as a dramatic economic decline in 180-plus countries all at once. So hence I think our prudent approach at this point in time. I think the product segment for the full year will be down as things push to the right. It could be down low double digits; again, we'll have to see. But I think with resilient backlog and an overall strength of our position with 75% -- about 75% of our business is public safety and government and 25% enterprise, I still think we're well positioned.
Tim Long : Thank you, Greg.
Greg Brown: Yeah, sure Tim.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay thanks, good afternoon. Greg, I just wanted to start, kind of going back to the last financial crisis. I know that the business is different, but if you look at the like-to-like basis, during that time revenue for the full year was down somewhere around the mid-single digit range. Do you remember what it was on kind of a max-thing on a quarterly basis? Is there any similarity to sort of the mid-teen decline that you’re seeing in Q2. And also, maybe how quickly did it recover and what could be similar or different this time around versus that?
Greg Brown: Yeah, I think the difference is again in – unlike last time where we had the financial Great Recession and things recovered, what we've experienced here is a little bit like the market seizing up, literally. We couldn't get in front of customers, many customers on the sales side from an engagement standpoint and even on services and implementations, deployments, we are pushed out as well. I think we're much better position this time. Software & Services is a little bit more than a third of our business, most of that largely recurring long term contracts, mission critical in nature. If I rewind the tape last time, that was 20% or sub 20% of our overall revenue. The other thing is, even though we’re having a difficult Q2, and Jack could comment on this, but we're seeing the funnel. Even though projects get pushed to the right, we've actually just over the last few weeks and months seen a constant replenishment of projects coming in too. So we just thought given the fog and uncertainty and the uniqueness of this thing, in a once and literally a century pandemic. It was kind of prudent for us to suspend full year guidance at this time. But I think we are much better positioned. I think we still expect growth in video, we still expect growth in Command Center Software. The professional and commercial radio business, which is think of the radio business for commercial, has been hit hard serving verticals like hospitality, transportation, airline, gaming and some of the things that have been hit particularly hard. Jack, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Jack Molloy : Yeah, maybe just a couple of things. As we look around the globe, things are starting to open up in certain countries in Asia Pac who was frankly hit first. So there's potentially some signs of encouragement there in terms of reengaging with customers, customers focus moving back to technology projects. The second thing that I think that all of us feel pretty proud of is the team, their ability to continuously staying engage virtually with the customers by way of video, conference mechanisms, but also we held a video, a virtual trade show for our Video Security and Analytics Business, because an industry was canceled in March and we actually had – we had over 30% more people that actually attended our virtual conference than would have attended the conference in person, and literally had chat rooms, questions and everything from access control, school safety, and so we're encouraged by a lot of those things. We actually even see here into April, certain states engagements starting to improve and so it’s just one of things. Obviously the pandemic has taken the focus of our customers and we'll continue to work with them in any way we can to support them.
Adam Tindle: Okay, that's helpful. Maybe just as a follow-up. In your commentary on COVID-19 impact, you talked about delayed engagement, deployments with state local customers near term, which may impact future revenue, and maybe Greg and Jack can provide some color on that statement? More specifically, they are finding that customers are now evaluating other options because there is a fear that, ‘hey, you know we’ve long been worried about the potential cannibalization of LTE and broadband.’ Is that a way to save money? Are customers evaluating that in a bigger way and is this kind of the catalyst to finally see that shift happen in a bigger way.
Greg Brown: No, I don't think; in fact we see the opposite of that. During this time we see the importance and criticality of land, mobile, radio versus any alleged migration or shift to LTE. I think LTE is complementary; it's a data broadband network that's an extension of LMR. Actually our APX NEXT product that integrates broadband with land, mobile, radio is best positioned to take advantage of that. I know that there's been some speculation or commentary that suggests that LTE is starting to cannibalize. We see no – absolutely no indication of that, and if anything maybe the opposite. So, just maybe one thing to add to that. Obviously we see that we have an LTE, a public safety LTE device in the LEX11, but more importantly as Greg said, we have a collaborative device in terms of APX NEXT; it does P25 obviously. And the focus here is and what we’ve seen in the pandemic and the response with public safety is fundamental when someone calls 911, there is a multitude of things that happened, but that puts our technology in place, and there’s been more strain on the networks, which really is evidence to the fact of why you need a purpose built network? But a really good example was a major – without getting into specifics, a major city health department, procured APX NEXT devices because they needed to talk to the front line fire and EMS people, but also wanted that backup capability when they left the city and it was a big health department. There was really traditionally a secondary type customer for Motorola that bought obviously high tier equipment in terms of APX NEXT. So this thing has really been – a lot of what we're seeing in Q2 has really been the ability to not get to physical sites, to not engage physically with customers and I think that's really the challenge and we view that as being kind of a short term challenge.
Adam Tindle: Understood. Thanks for the color. Stay safe.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter : Hi guys, thanks very much. I guess just as a follow-on to that thought, you know you mentioned it's an issue around customer engagement, but what about budgets? Obviously states are going through budgeting cycles at this point. I think certainly tax receipts are going to be down, municipalities and counties you know a similar situation. So do you see sort of an economic kind of fall out of lower tax receipts or do you think the LMR businesses is more immune to that? Thanks.
Jack Molloy: So hey George, it’s Jack. A couple things. I think it's always important – we see there's been a lot written, a lot discussed around state and local budgets. I think it's very important to decompose what those budgets mean. The reality of state and local budgets, there's a confluence of probably five to six different funding streams: federal transfer dollars, federal grant dollars, property tax, income tax, sales tax in some states, but also 911 funding, which is one of the real reasons why we've made a lot of acquisitions in the command center space, because part and parcel, that's a different funding streams that’s essentially protected. So it's a number of those things, but I go back to – you know one of the benefits we have of being a company that's close to 95 years old is we've gone through a number of these things after 911 and they're all a little different, the Great Recession. But what we've seen and when we've gone back and looked at the data, it suggests that public safety gets prioritized in these things. There's other things around the margins that may get delayed, may get deferred, all those kind of things, but at the end of the day when – we've even seen it as evidence in this response to the pandemic, you need to have the best technology in the hands of those first responders. We think that gets protected. There's always – by the way the budget situations in state and local haven't been easy for the last number of years. I think that's lastly where our sales team, as much as they have relationships and everything, we’ve got a very veteran team out there that's very focused at working with our customers to navigate funding plans and they are really holistic plans that they work with our customer base. So I think we’ll come out of this with the same level of priority that public safety has always gotten, if not more George, so I think that answers your question.
George Notter : Got it, great! And then I'll just ask one more. The NG9-1-1 opportunity seems more interesting these days. I mean there's obviously a stimulus package that’s brewing here coming from Congress administration, and I know in pass drafts there's been I think $12 billion plus in funds that were earmarked for NG9-1-1 upgrades and I'm not sure what this current package is going to look like. But does that – do you see that as an opportunity for Motorola Solutions and how much of that, you know those dollars you think could trickle down to the stuff that you guys do?
Kelly Mark: Hey George, it's Kelly. Absolutely, we do see that as an opportunity for us, not just in the in NG9-1-1, which is a refresh of the backbone associated with the 911 call center to help turn it into more of a broadband backbone, but it's also – there's been a lot of interest and related to cloud as a result of this pandemic, where a lot of our customers in the past have been operating with their equipment on an on-prem basis where they operate it there. The need to be able to operate it remotely is something that's definitely been introduced as part of this pandemic. The good news is we've already been investing in cloud and a good portion of our software was already cloud enabled. But as you heard Greg mention in our remarks, we're accelerating our investments even more in cloud based on the demand we see now. We just launched our first CAD customer in the cloud. By the end of this year our CAD, our records portfolio will be completely cloud enabled and in early next year we’ll be – our 911 efforts will all be cloud enabled as well. So it does definitely drive that and yes, we do see some of those dollars starting to flow through as folks prioritize not just NG9-1-1, but the rest of the command center software refresh.
George Notter : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Inaudible] filling in for Keith. L3Harris’s CEO recently said that LMR sales could decline by 10% this year. Do you agree with that market assessment?
Greg Brown: Well, I think that – I think our view is reflected in the commentary that we gave. They are a much smaller player in the business. I think we have much more extensive installed base and contacts and annuity revenues, but as I mentioned, you know Q2 is very unique, because as Malloy pointed out, just that this year’s logistical difficulty of customer engagement and deployment. But do I think product revenues are likely to decline? Yes, and I think they will be on a decline that will be comparable to what we saw in the land, mobile, radio business actually in ‘09. But again, that's more about delayed and deferred demand, than any demand that's actually lost or goes away and I think it will recover and I think public safety is demonstrated over the last several years and longer. It remains at the top of the food chain. So I think they have a certain view of the market, that's their opinion, but I would maintain that I think we have a very long standing and more thorough and comprehensive perspective.
Unidentified Analyst: Great! Thank you very much.
A - Gino Bonanotte: Just one additional item on that note. It's also important to note the composition of the business and as Greg mentioned earlier, the percentage of our business that's commercially, that’s earmarked for commercial customers. The PCR business specifically and that's where we're seeing the pressure more specifically is around PCR, not around necessarily the public safety to the degree that we're seeing in the PCR marketplace.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks, I appreciate it. Can you all hear me okay?
A - Greg Brown: Yeah, yeah.
Paul Silverstein: Okay. If I return to the PCR business, I know you don't normally break it out. Given that you've got a business with particular exposure, I’d assume particularly heavy exposure to those sectors that have been absolutely devastated; hospitality, energy, etcetera, the ones you listed. Can you give us a sense for what percentage of revenue comes from those particular sectors?
Greg Brown: Yeah, Paul the professional and commercial radio last year, again as Gino referenced, I think land, mobile, radio for commercial and enterprise, last year all in with about $1 billion. So as we think about it this year, obviously that's the area that's come under the most pressure, and two-thirds of that is vertical served; airlines, retail, hospitality, oil and gas that had been the most significantly impacted. So that's what's driving the more pronounced double digit decline in that area.
Paul Silverstein: Given the nature of [inaudible], that's exactly what I would've expected, somewhere well north of 50%, so it's around two-thirds. Second question, with respect to your comments about Asia Pac in particular, I recognize its not been uniform in Asia Pac; at least I don’t see it’s been uniform in terms of the timing of the impact of COVID and the shutdown. But it hit China first and now we’re seeing Malaysia, Vietnam, Thailand, etcetera. So my question is, is there any insight you can gain in terms of seeing the sequencing, in terms of things having gone cold turkey and coming back. I know it's very, very early. There's not a lot of visibility I trust anywhere, but is there anything you can take away from that timing and sequencing of events and just as it relates to your North American business and your worldwide business?
A - Greg Brown: Yeah, so Paul I think when you look at Asia Pac, to your point it’s essentially pretty sporadic. Things within country, you can't get in there from out, but our biggest country in Asia Pac is Australia. Things are – I'd say they're slightly ahead of where certain states that have started to re-open are here, with a lot of the same precautions and measures that have been set up. It's just really early to kind of tell to be honest with you. But I will tell you, you know one of the things that we look at is our – you know we haven't really talked about it, but our video security and analytics business, in the states that have opened up, we've seen engagement even within North America improve there. So it's – there's not a whole lot we can glean. You look at parts of the Middle East to buy, those places are starting to open up a little bit as well, but it's what I would call very cautious opening up.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate that. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: Good evening everyone. Thank you for taking the questions. I wanted to begin – could you start by discussing a little bit about how you think of your sales cycle duration as you reengage customers. You think there's any change in the kind of the traditional period of those awards? Just any high level thoughts on you know where you think customers had their outage, you're starting to have those discussions and your ability to close new business, and I have a follow up.
Greg Brown: Okay Ben, so I dimensionalize our business. It's not – all things are not the same. There's big projects and then there's an amount of what you call kind of term agreement and grass roots business, that by the way has continued to an extent to continue to flow. Large projects typically go through – you get a request for proposal and that's a timeline, but then you have elements where they have to go through board approval, city council approvals, state procurement approvals and the like to use that example and really what Gino and what Greg have referenced, is a lot of those meetings have been delayed. So there's not an issue that we have to go resell, re-canvas if you will. It's really just the procedural milestones have moved to the right, whereby we've had to kind of reshuffle the milestones have moved to the right, whereby we've had to kind of reshuffle the milestones of a project and just extend them out you know into the second half and those kind of things. That's been the issue, it hasn't ended. The good news is, with video technology and those kind of things, we've been able to stay engaged with our customers, answer questions and all those kind of things, but it's really just a milestone type thing where we’ve seen the delays. And as we’ve talked about you know the physical access to get not only at sites, but in the Command Center and those kind of things as well. If we've got to go do work with those people there, there's been some delays as it relates to those things as well.
Ben Bollin: Thanks for that. Jack, you also earlier commented on the diversity in the funding sources. Outside of the 911 funding, when you look at the federal transfer tax, federal grants, property and income taxes, just stepping back, I mean those four pieces don't seem to be in a very good position looking forward. So I'm not looking for guidance, but I'm interested in how you're thinking about the absolute budget opportunity coming from the public sector customers into the future; just that aggregate bucket of opportunity. How you're thinking that developed over time or any specific feedback you're getting from customers? Thank you.
Jack Molloy: Yes, so I'd start with – listen, if we were selling and I don't want to – if we were selling something that that they would deem is non-critical, non-essential to their work flow communications, I'd maybe be a little bit concerned. But I think the fact that you're selling mission critical communications, you are at the very top of the priority chain, that's a good thing. But it's interesting. If you look at it, a lot of our customers feel like property taxes, you know a lot of these things. If there is a recovery gets a little bit sharper, they may not have the impact that we had. Obviously there's been a pretty significant impact as it relates to sales tax, but remember, most of our things are things that they've been planned for multiple years, their technology upgrades, expansions and those kind of things related to mission critical and we’ve kind of went through this before, went through this a little bit after 911; certainly felt this. You know I was pretty close to the customer back in 2009 and navigated a team in the central United States that was probably hit frankly from a budget perspective harder than everybody and we saw some things delayed. We had some additional questions to answer, but every deal that we had at that point in time continued to move forward and I think I look at that as encouraging as we move through this pandemic.
Ben Bollin: Thanks guys. Best of luck in Q2 and the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yeah, thanks for taking my question. The sequential decline that you're looking for from a geographic perspective, is it sort of uniform across geographies?
Gino Bonanotte : Yeah, so Paul I think it is. If you look at it, because of the broad spread nature when we do business, Greg has said it hit 180 countries; there’s 120 of those that we do business. In general if you look at it on the surface, it's essentially had an equal weighting and I think the reason for that is because it hasn't – the opportunities have just gone away. It's been that we've had some of the same limits, physically engaging with customers, going to sites and physically deploying systems and those kind of things. There has been essentially equal opportunity, delays as it's related to those things. So I'd say in general, it's been felt largely equally around the globe.
Paul Coster: Just want to go back to the sort of budget contention question for a moment. It seems to me from a public safety perspective, things have shifted dramatically and they are going to be around for a while now, and the biggest shift of courses is towards testing and then administration of public health systems and that's going to be data intensive. And it just seems like that's where the dollars are going to be going in the future, but you feel like that doesn't contend with your budgets. If you could just comment upon that. And then in passing, also does the opportunity present itself to Motorola as well. I mean can you, participate in what seems like a very big initiative over the next couple of years.
Greg Brown: So, Paul it's a great question, and one that frankly has us. If there's a lot of things that we – this has been certainly a struggle in the last couple of months for most companies, but it really delights us in the fact that we've added substantially in terms of the Video Security and Analytics portfolio to the company. Right now our teams are working on and will be – in May and June will be continuing to market Video Analytics Solutions around social distancing, around mask compliance and detection in campuses, in manufacturing facilities, in the public domain, fever scanning technology, as well as contact tracing. So analytics that will essentially tell you if you think about a lot of the dialogue around getting return to campuses, returned-to-schools and the like. Our access control solutions will be able to monitor and tell you if somebody was sick, who went through that door at that school, who might likely have come in contact with someone who is sick. So as much as we'll see, maybe a change or a moderation of a different type of opportunities. Our Video Security and Analytic space put a spot on in that. I also think the move in Kelly and his team have done a great job, moving the Command Center to the cloud, but if you look at our vigilant cloud services business, this has been I think – we’ve moved 35,000 cameras to the cloud so far this year. So I think with every challenge comes an opportunity and the Video Security Analytics Business is one that I think has an opportunity to benefit from this.
Paul Coster: You don’t see the contention that I talked about. I mean I see the opportunity for you, but not – but you are not even seeing the contention for scarce resources there, the tension between public safety as expressed though healthcare versus public safety through LMR first responder systems.
Greg Brown: If you talk to a paramedic, a police officer or a firemen, they tell you the most important piece of equipment that they have, that they've always had and this is a millennial firemen or it’s a fireman's who has been on the job for 30 years, the single most important communication and the lifeline that they have is a two way radio. We don't see that changing. Our customers are telling us they don't see that changing.
Paul Coster: Got it, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Piecyk with LightShed. Please go ahead.
Walter Piecyk: Thanks. I assume that the next quarter's guidance basically just assumes that the current state of affairs extends until the end of June, you're not expecting any recovery. Just kind of the thought process on that, because obviously you’ve had some states opening up, you had some Airlines talking about seeing increased bookings, you had competitive companies talk about return to growth, Verizon talked about – while consumer was down, some of their larger enterprise or public safety clients were stronger than ever. So I’m just curious about kind of what the guidance for Q2 implies and how far to the right I guess you could realistically think it can be, given some of these data point already exist now and in early May.
Greg Brown: Yeah, I think that well, it largely reflects and is driven by as Gino mentioned, the professional and commercial radio segment itself. So radio for corporate verticals, that's the most accentuated pressure point on Q2. The second is the engagement and deployment, and again, it was the second half of March, April and largely a lot of May as well, and we just thought if we're going to guide Q2, let’s do it in a responsible prudent way and move forward accordingly. But that, it's really…
Walter Piecyk: So it’s just the PCR that you're involved with, because the PCR that other companies are involved with, I'm not sure I’ve seen that type of dramatic move. So is it just that when you talk about airlines and things like that, that’s it’s just these specific things, because your products are addressing customers that are dealing with large crowds, that it's more specific to you guys as a result. And then, I guess it's hard for any of us to figure out when those types of businesses are going to come back if at all right. I mean some of these customers theoretically could just go away right.
Greg Brown: Yeah. Well, maybe if I could. So the PCR if you think about it, I think you talked about Verizon. The traditional PCR, if you think about it from a competitive set, it's companies like Kenwood, like Hytera, ICOM, a number of the those type of people, and so I think they've – without a doubt they felt the same thing. And again, those are private systems dedicated towards a refinery, an airline, The Marriott Hotel and those kind of things, and I think that industry has equally felt it, because there’s a physical element of design and deployment of a system as well. Verizon's a lot different. You could go and pick up at a kiosk, you could have a phone delivered and you can pick it up. So I wouldn't see the same sort of physical – you know the delay if you will that we would see in our business, so I think that's really what… [Cross Talk].
Walter Piecyk: Yeah, I was referring only to Verizon. I mean, Ericsson, Axon, Ciena, CommScope, Adtran, I mean there’s – obviously there's more than just Verizon at the data point. But it seems like some of these customers you just mentioned like airlines and some of these, again customers that rely a large crowds, it might be more specific, right. So again, are you worried that maybe those customers don't push to the right, but they just never kind of return at all because of the state of how people are going to return to large crowd as opposed to not?
Greg Brown: I think it would be a small portion of it. I mean you know the example is, if an airline goes out of business, well that's one airline that won't need a radio system. But as we look at it, it's relatively – we view that to be a relatively small subset of the customers, frankly.
Walter Piecyk: Okay, but it's enough that it's driving the revenue down not much in Q2. Because I thought you said the public safety was doing well, and it was just that – it was this segment that was doing poorly and that was enough to take guidance down by 15 – excuse me, your revenue growth down by 15%.
Gino Bonanotte : Yeah well, I think what we're trying to say is that Q2 is a timing issue, not an evaporation issue. And its acute negative 14 to negative 17, but it's not evaporating. It's going to the right and there might be some that evaporates, but we think it's a pretty small percentage. It’s really representative of things being pushed to the right in that Professional Commercial Radio category.
Walter Piecyk: Awesome! So if I see like – for example if JetBlue sees their numbers and we see those numbers go up, and Marriott, we see their numbers go up, they should be indicated that that business could then come back next quarter, not June quarter but the September, is that fair?
Greg Brown: Walt, that’s exactly right, and look, I can't speak to the exact timing of quarterly alignment. I don't know if we’re that precise, but you are right that as airlines recover, people start to fly again, people go to Marriott, Hilton, Hyatt, the states and the economies and commerce reopen, because does that business and the acute pressure downward start to improve, yes it will improve.
Walter Piecyk: Got it. Thanks Greg, that’s helpful.
Greg Brown: Yeah, no problem Walt. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva : Thank you, Greg and you know I've known you for over a decade of time and we’ve both been through a lot of cycles. You correctly talked about you know so much of the puts and takes. My question, since a lot of the questions already have been answered is more on the top of the ladder so to speak or when you talk about Motorola Solutions will give its fair piece of the pie or even bigger than its fair piece of pie. Is that pie for top of the ladder currently structurally compressed or compressed for like maybe six to 12 months, you know just due to less inflows of you mentioned five to six inflows of state and local budgets. I’m more focused on the state and local budget balancing opportunities and what your experience has been in that? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Well, I think what I would say is this. Obviously this is a situation that I don't think any of us have seen before. We've had 9/11; we've had dot-com collapse; we've had the Lehman Brothers Great Recession. This one is different and that it's 187 countries and it's a compilation of both the public health crisis and an act of severe economic downturn at once and they're intertwined. So if I take a step back and think about, are we in the right businesses? Do we have brand equity? Do we have strength in incumbency? Do we have a greater percentage of recurring revenues in software and services? And I look at Command Center Software that will continue to grow, we believe it should grow this year even in the face of this. Video security and analytics, we expect to grow even in the face of this. Software and services, we would expect and still could grow around mid-single digits even in the face of this, and the incumbent footprint and strength that we have in our installed base of 13,000 land, mobile, radio networks worldwide, with probably our strongest anchor tenant position being North America. Is that a good business to be in? We absolutely believe that. We’ll monetize services, we’ll move upstream, by the way we’ll integrate these as well. We’ll integrate video security with integrated land, mobile, radio networks as an anchor tenant conveyor of communications and critical information in this addressable market, and we zero out China, forget China. It is a $40 billion addressable market. Is it temporarily dislocated? Obviously the answer is yes, and that's reflected in the Q2 guide. We always guide. I've never in my career not guided for a full year, this is the first. We just think it was a prudent thing to do. There's a lot of variables and things that are moving around, but it doesn't change the fundamental strength, attributes, longevity and advantages that our brand and our market position and the technologies we play, we can capitalize on, which is also why we are going to continue to invest organically. Sales coverage, video security, command center software to the cloud, hearing a different – and newer radios that you'll see later this year and next year and we're going to continue to invest inorganically, and I think this is an opportunity to prioritize capital deployment around acquisitions of assets that they're having temporary dislocation, that may make sense for us accretively to fold into Motorola Solutions. So there's no doubt it's a tough environment, but I really believe and I think our team does too, that this is an opportunity to invest and lean in responsibly, take down the breakeven and take out $210 million of OpEx and position the firm even stronger to come out of the other end in 2021 and beyond, and that's exactly what we're going to do.
Jim Suva : Great! And my quick follow up is, other companies are kind of called off M&A, simply because you can't meet in person, you can't walk their floors and factories. It sounds like from your comment you just gave me now that M&A is actually very, very interesting to you and you're still going to go forward as planned. Is that correct or it maybe you go forward as planned and it just takes a little bit longer.
Greg Brown: I would say it's going forward. It may take a little bit longer, but there's a couple of opportunities the we're engaged with now, and that dialogue has begun, we'll see. Most of them don't pan out, but I don't see and right now Jim, as we’re in the middle of May, this is another area that I feel is kind of reopening if you will. I don't see conversations in this regard being encumbered that will delay any plans or opportunities that come our way.
Jim Suva : Thank you, so much for the detail. It’s greatly appreciated.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Hi! Thank you very much for the question. My question mainly has to with Avigilon and the video surveillance business, and you've guided to a slight growth or some growth in 2020 for video, but I was hoping you’ll tell us what video and what Avigilon grew in 1Q, 2020 and where really we should be thinking about the growth rate, just because the growth rate is coming from the mid-teens growth rates in 2019 and we just want to get a better sense on how to model that for 2020.
Jack Molloy: So obviously Q2 as Greg, Gino, as we pointed out, there's been some limitations in terms of just ability to meet and some of those no customer engagements, you know that's been the issue for Q2. But I would tell you Sami, looking at Q1, where we were coming out of the end of March in Q1, it was the best quarter we've had with Avigilon. Frankly we had talked about growing three times the market. We're taking more share. Particularly in North America the team has done an outstanding job. We've made significant investments in go-to-market, even greater investments in research and development. I spoke to some of the interesting things we are working on and pandemic response earlier. We’ve got a completely new line of H5 cameras, software analytic investments we've made, that's not even to include what we've invested in in public safety and WatchGuard, the acquisition of WatchGuard and VaaS and we’re doing there. So we actually – we expect the businesses, assuming return to normal, sometime in the third quarter, we expect to get back to those growth rate levels if not greater.
Sami Badri: Got it, got it. And then I just had a follow-up on Command Center, and there was a big uptick that you guys have called out. You’ve addressed it and a big thing, and you are pointing the growth for the full year. The one thing I really wanted to know is, when it comes to the Command Center suite, do you have existing customers buying more modules within the Command Center? Is that what the big uptick was or is it just those customers that needed the Command Center suite in the first place and then they just happened to execute that in 1Q, 2020, and you're going to see more new customers come in for the rest of the year versus the existing customers buying in more modules. I just want to understand kind of like what the motion is within Command Center?
Kelly Mark : So Sami, its Kelly. It's a combination of both. Actually in the first quarter we actually picked up a number of new customers. Frankly more new customers than suite customers, which is great, because that gives us the opportunity to land and expand those customers and grow the platform in the width and the depth of what we provide to them. We are still seeing also though many of our customers are still moving and we are expanding and adding more modules of the Command Center Suite. As you probably recall, as I’ve said the past, folks don’t walk in and buy typically all the components at one time, simply because of the risk profile of a Command Center and a 911 Center. They will schedule and they will do 911 one year, CAD the next year, Record the next year, and the thing that we watch is how we're doing regards to penetrating across those positions and we are still seeing good progress on that. So I don’t know if you have a follow-up on that, but that's pretty much how we look at the Command Center, that’s the performance and why we saw the growth we did in Q1.
Sami Badri: Perfect! Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over Tim Yocum for any closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: No additional comments. Thanks for joining today and we’ll talk to a lot of you soon.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of the call over the internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn - actually introduce, Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin your conference.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2019 fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO, Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO, Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Products & Sales and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Software & Services. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause, such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks Tim. Good afternoon and thanks everybody for joining us today. I'm going to start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business, before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q4 was an outstanding quarter capping another record year for the company. We grew revenue 5%, expanded operating margins by 80 basis points, generated $795 million of operating cash flow. Additionally we ended the quarter with our highest backlog position ever of $11.3 billion, up $659 million year-over-year and up $217 million sequentially. Second, our full year 2019 results exemplify the strength of our business. In our Products segment we grew revenue mid-single digits, driven by a second consecutive year of record land mobile radio sales in North America, as well as strong growth in our video security business. In Software and Services, we grew revenue double digits. And expanded operating margins by 330 basis points, on strong demand for our Command Center Software solutions and continued growth in our services business. And finally, as I look to 2020, our record backlog position coupled with the investments in our Command Center Software and video security portfolios position us well, for another year of organic revenue growth, operating margin expansion and strong free cash flow generation. I'll now turn the call over to Gino, to provide additional details on Q4 results and 2020 outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q4 includes revenue of $2.4 billion, up 5% including $82 million of revenue from acquisitions and $17 million of currency headwinds. GAAP operating earnings of $590 million, up $74 million and operating margins of 24.8% of sales compared to 22.9% in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $707 million, up $57 million or 9% and non-GAAP operating margins of 29.7% of sales, up 90 basis points from 28.8%, driven by higher sales and gross margin, partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share of $1.39 compared to $2.44 in the year ago quarter. The current year quarter includes a noncash charge of $1.53 per share related to actions taken to de-risk $1 billion in pension obligations. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.94, up 12% from $2.63 last year on higher operating earnings and a lower effective tax rate. OpEx in Q4 was $523 million, up $40 million versus last year, primarily due to acquisitions. The Q4 effective tax rate was 22% and compared to 23.5% in the prior year. For the full year, revenue was $7.9 billion, up 7%, driven by growth in the Americas. Revenue from acquisitions was $312 million and currency headwinds were $113 million. GAAP operating earnings were $1.6 billion, up $326 million or 26%, primarily driven by higher revenue and gross margin. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $2 billion, up $235 million or 14%. And non-GAAP operating margins were 25% of sales, up 130 basis points, driven by higher sales and gross margin, partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share, was $4.95 compared to $5.62 in the prior year. The current year included a noncash charge of $1.53 per share related to actions taken to de-risk $1 billion in pension obligations. Non-GAAP EPS was $7.96, up 11% from $7.50 in 2018 on higher sales and operating earnings partially offset by a higher effective tax rate and a higher diluted share count in 2019. For the full year, OpEx was $2 billion, up $158 million versus last year primarily due to acquisitions. And the effective tax rate for 2019 was 22.4% compared to 21.7% in the prior year. Turning to cash flow. Q4 operating cash flow was $795 million compared to $812 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $736 million compared with $743 million in the prior year. For the full year, operating cash flow was $1.8 billion up $748 million and free cash flow was $1.6 billion up $697 million. The increase in cash flow was driven by the impact of the $500 million pension contribution made in 2018, higher operating earnings, and improved working capital. Capital allocation for 2019 included $709 million of acquisitions, $379 million in cash dividends and $350 million in share repurchases at an average price of $137.35. Additionally during the year, we repaid the remaining $400 million balance on the term loan used to acquire Avigilon. We refinanced approximately $800 million of senior unsecured debt extending our debt maturity profile. We settled the initial 5-year convertible note with Silver Lake, one year ahead of its maturity and extended the relationship with a new 5-year convertible note that expires in 2024. And finally, we reduced $1 billion in pension obligations, through a lump sum window, paying approximately $836 million out of pension plan assets, to participants who elected this offer. Moving to segment results, Q4 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1.7 billion up $3 million with growth in the Americas and Asia Pac, offset by a decline in the Middle East and Africa. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $38 million. And currency headwinds were $9 million. Q4 Products and Systems, a segment operating margins were $484 million or 28.9% of sales, flat with the prior year. Higher gross margin in the current year was offset by higher OpEx primarily from acquisitions. Some notable Q4 wins and achievements in the segment include a $64 million P25 order for the state of Arkansas, a $36 million P25 order from Thurston County Washington, a $24 million P25 order for Luzerne County Pennsylvania and $5 million in fixed video security wins for government customers. Additionally during the quarter, we launched our next-generation P25 radio, APX NEXT as well as our Avigilon AI-powered H5 camera line. For the full year Products and Systems Integration revenue was $5.3 billion, up $229 million or 5% on growth in the Americas. Revenue from acquisitions was $157 million and FX headwinds were $54 million. Products and Systems Integration operating earnings were $1.2 billion or 22% of sales, up slightly from the prior year on higher sales and gross margins, partially offset by higher OpEx related to acquisitions. Moving to the Software and Services segment, Q4 revenue was $704 million, up $120 million or 21% from last year, driven by growth in all regions. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $44 million. And currency headwinds were $8 million. Operating earnings were $223 million or 31.7% of sales up, 310 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales gross margins and improved OpEx leverage. Notable Q4 wins in the segment include, $8 million Command Centers suite order from Tulare County California, $6 million Command Center Software suite order from the Irvine California police department; $6 million for a computer-aided dispatch system for the city of Atlanta, Georgia; a $68 million P25 multiyear service contract with the State of Victoria in Australia; a $29 million P25 multiyear service contract with the State of Connecticut and a $24 million P25 multiyear service contract with the U.S. Navy. For the full year, Software and Services revenue was $2.6 billion, up $315 million or 14% with growth in the Americas and EMEA. Revenue from acquisitions was $155 million and FX headwinds were $59 million. Software and Services operating earnings in 2019 were $802 million or 31.4% of sales, up 330 basis points versus the prior year, driven by higher sales and gross margin and improved OpEx leverage. Looking at regional results. Americas Q4 revenue was $1.7 billion, up 10%, driven by broad based growth across LMR services, video security and Command Center Software. For the full year, Americas' revenue was $5.7 billion, up 12% with growth in both segments. EMEA Q4 revenue was $448 million, down 9% due to large system deployments in the Middle East and Africa in the prior year, partially offset by growth in Europe. For the full year, EMEA revenue was $1.6 billion, down 3% due to FX headwinds and declines in the Middle East and Africa, partially offset by growth in Europe. And in Asia Pac, Q4 revenue was $214 million up, 6% or $12 million, driven by growth in Australia. For the full year, Asia Pac revenue was $657 million down 3%, driven by China and FX headwinds.  Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was $11.3 billion, up $659 million or 6% compared to last year. Sequentially backlog was up $217 million, driven by growth in software and services. Software and Services backlog was up $699 million or 9% compared to last year, driven by multiyear agreements in North America as well as the ESN contract extension. Sequentially backlog was up $261 million with growth in all regions. Products and Systems Integration segment backlog was down $40 million or 1% compared to last year, driven by the Middle East and Africa. Sequentially backlog was down $44 million with growth in the Americas offset by declines in EMEA and Asia Pac. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q1 sales to be up approximately 2% with non-GAAP EPS between $1.30 and $1.35. This assumes an effective tax rate of approximately 20% and a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 176 million shares. For the full year, we expect revenue growth of approximately 4% with non-GAAP EPS between $8.65 and $8.80 per share. This full year outlook assumes an effective tax rate of approximately 23%, weighted average diluted share count between 176 million and 177 million shares and full year OpEx down $60 million versus 2019. We expect full year operating cash flow to be approximately $1.9 billion. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks Gino. And let me just close with a few final thoughts. First 2019, was an outstanding year. Our land mobile radio business had a second consecutive record year in North America, while our Video Security and Command Center Software businesses both exceeded our expectations. Second, I was particularly pleased by the performance of Software and Services during the year, which now makes up roughly one-third of our overall sales and is a proxy for our recurring revenue. The demand for our integrated Command Center Software suite drove strong revenue. And backlog growth in our Software business, while our Services business grew mid-single digits organically, led by another strong year in North America. Additionally, we expanded operating margins in the segment by 330 basis points, which drove overall operating margin expansion of 130 basis points for the company. And finally, I think we're very well positioned for another strong year in 2020. We serve large addressable markets. We have a seasoned team, focused on consistent execution. And the investments we've made in North America along with our Command Center Software and video security portfolios will continue to drive organic revenue growth, operating margin expansion, EPS growth of at least 2 times revenue growth and strong free cash flow over the long-term. I'll now turn it back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line, how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Tim Long with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Yes just one and then the follow-up, I'll give you them both you guys can pick. So first, maybe on the targets for 2021 the $9 billion in revenues and $10 in EPS, talk a little bit how we're going to get there. It seems like given the strong margins and OpEx management EPS seems a little easier than the revenues but if you could just touch on that a little bit? And secondly, might be related that organic growth in Q1 is kind of low. I'm wondering if there's other large deals that impact that kind of like they did in Q4. And then also, looking at the 4% for the year, you do have a little bit of M&A help and you have bigger contribution from software and video. So just curious if something is going on in the LMR side of the business, when you look into the full year 2020? Thank you.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes so first, in terms of the concept of nine and 10 in 2021, I think I've been pretty consistent in saying approximately nine and approximately 10 in 2021. Tim, it's meant – it was always meant to be directional and not prescriptive or specific guidance. And as you mentioned, I think it also includes and contemplates both organic and inorganic. I think that you see the guide for both Q1 and the full year in 2020 on top of what we did in 2019 and I like the progression and the path that we're on. You're right that if you extrapolate that out, it will likely be closer to approximately 10 on the bottom. And then on the top but again it contemplates both organic and inorganic and we'll see how that develops. In terms of Q1 specifically, I would just say that a couple of things. We're coming off of two consecutive record years. The previous year comp in Q1 of last year was 13% growth. And as we referenced and have been consistent, that included of the timing of a $40 million Fed order in Q1 that when you normalize for the timing of that, I think you feel a little bit better. The linearity of Q1 is consistent with the last several years. It's about 20%. It’s always our smallest quarter. And with the exception of the anomaly of last year, I think it's consistent and in line with the way our business generally flows. The final point I'd make too is that, are all in 4% growth for 2020 is generally balanced with a little bit less than 4% growth in the first half, 4% growth in the second half and the 4% overall numbers consistent with what I mentioned a quarter ago. From a composition standpoint, we still expect growth overall in LMR all in with services in 2020. And we believe video security will grow again. We expect that in the 15% range and command center software in high teens. So all in all, I think balanced strong across multiple platforms, but that gives you the color of Q1 in 2020 as well as your 2021 question.
Operator: The next question will be from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Please go ahead, George. Perhaps your line is muted on your end. We’ll move to our next question.
George Notter: Sorry about that?
Operator: There you go we can hear you now sir.
George Notter: Can you hear me great, apologies. All right so on Avigilon, you've been talking about a 15% growth target for 2019 to confirm you guys hit that or beat that. I am curious what that business grew for you last year. And then again you mentioned 15% kind of growth aspiration for this year again in video? I'd love to get an update on kind of where you are in terms of investing in that business and starting to get leverage in terms of your government opportunities, international opportunities just give us an update on the progress there? Thanks.
Gregory Brown: So, just overall on the business and then Jack could comment on the investments in the any other composition of your question. But we did grow 15% actually a little bit better but so it exceeded our expectations in 2019. I'm really pleased with the acquisition. And I'm particularly pleased with Malloy, John Kedzierski, all the Avigilon team of the way it's been integrated the way we're investing, the way we're refreshing, the way we're expanding go-to-market. And we do expect again growth around 15% for that business which I remind you is about 3x the market.
Jack Molloy: Yes the only color I'd add Greg, just in terms of the investment George we invested fairly significantly in terms of go-to-market in North America in the first quarter last year. I think that helped attribute to the momentum. As Greg indicated, we picked up in the second half of the year. The other piece of it is it's obviously a very innovation-driven market. We launched – we had a relatively large-scale launch with our AI-powered H5 camera line. And again, the Q4 success and even what we're seeing in terms of pipeline build is very encouraging. The last piece of it as we formulated a government sales team and we did Gino made mention of it. We did $5 million in sales half of that was in the federal government market, which is really the longest selling cycle. So, all in we're encouraged in terms of the markets. Internationally, one of the investments we're making now is really focused on routes to market, taking our go-to-market coverage and getting into new countries that Avigilon was not in when we acquired them. So I think, some work to do there but definitely, I think some opportunity as well.
Gregory Brown: Yes just George one other thing, just to complement the team, one of the verticals that I think has been the strongest-performing is education in the notion of safe schools. I think, it's been the sweet spot of demand for Avigilon. And Jack and team are going to make even more investments to expand the width and breadth of our reach in that vertical nationwide. I think its front and center with so many school systems and county-wide education systems. This whole notion of safe students and doing the, necessary protection around perimeter and anomaly detection and motion detection. So, we're investing more in that vertical. And we're investing and integrating, the end-to-end Avigilon video, security and analytics system, integrated with our existing land mobile radio. So stay tuned on that front for more updates over time in both the education vertical and a few others. But that's been high demand for us.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Gino a question for you just a little bit more details on the numbers. It looks like R&D stepped up quite a bit this quarter. Is that kind of a new run rate to think about that? And is there specific areas I guess you're expanding the R&D in order to capture I guess more future opportunities?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes as we talked about the increase, Keith was attributable to acquisitions. We will continue to rationalize spend. We have made incremental investments, in our growth businesses. Both Jack mentioned go-to-market as well as additional investments in R&D with the new camera as well as in command center software and we continue to drive costs out of the overall business. So I talked about a $60 million reduction, in 2020. So what you're seeing in 2019 is really a function of the acquisitions coming on. And as we work through cost structures across the acquisitions and more so across the underlying business you'll see that come down.
Keith Housum: And then quick follow-up, in terms of the license plate reader business and the WatchGuard can you guys give a little bit color on how those acquisitions are performing for you?
Jack Molloy: Yes sure Keith its Jack so related to WatchGuard one of the encouraging things we have with WatchGuard and with VaaS is really the ability to first bundle mobile in car video with license plate recognition, software and ultimately look at those as a platform. So we've - Q4 last year we announced our 4RE, mobile video, WatchGuard, that's integrated with license recognition. That's tied to our learned database which is the biggest license plate recognition database in the market. Early returns from customers that tell us, this gives them better evidentiary management, as well as it improves officer safety. So, we're encouraged by both of these and I'd remind you that WatchGuard is the leading player in-car video. We see more and more of the body warrant and in-car video sales being tethered together. And obviously our go-to-market scale in North America is significant. So, we really like both of those acquisitions.
Operator: The next question will be from Adam Tindle with Raymond James.
Adam Tindle: Greg, I know it's not a normal practice to talk about individual contracts, but the state of Florida LMR deal was a landmark one that you've talked about in the past as an example of kind of the threat of LTE cannibalization being overblown. It seems like some potentially unattractive terms being asked of you based on what's being reported on that and I don't think you've come to an agreement, but just hoping for a little bit more color why. I'm not sure if those terms are boiler plate. They've been agreed to in the past? And what has changed to see such a big deal that seems like it maybe falling through?
Greg Brown: Yes Adam thanks. So first of all, I mean just to paint the picture and remind everybody we did anticipate getting state of Florida. We didn't. I think it was largely a result of over 1.5 years of delays in lawsuits and appeals primarily by the incumbent competitor. On top of that there's been some administration management changes. But I think it's fair to say that there was fluidity and scope and some design assumptions. Now having said that, we have an extensive presence throughout the state already. We still look forward to participating in what the state of Florida decides to do next. The project by the way was never in backlog, while we did anticipate signing it. We didn't. And it was going to be a managed service, so it would have been I think about $13 million to $15 million a year over several years. I think we're going to stay engaged with the state of Florida. We would like to think there's still opportunity to reengage and participate in that going forward. In terms of overall demand for LMR, as I mentioned, we've had two record years back-to-back we've had the state of Pennsylvania. We have the state of Iowa. And there's a whole - we had the largest LMR deal in the history of the company in Canada. So LMR is - remain strong. And these deals are - continue to come in and they're usually accompanied with seven and 10 and 12-year maintenance contracts as well. I think the state of Florida had a lot of factors involved. We would still like to participate and hope we have a role going forward, but that's really the state of play at this point in time.
Adam Tindle: And just as a follow-up kind of circling back on some of the things that you said in the prepared remarks at the end. The 2020 guidance I think implies somewhere around low double-digit operating profit dollar growth on 4% revenue growth. I know that leverage is something that you've done in years past but largely through a lot of cost optimization programs. And I think the composition of profit dollar growth and leverage is becoming more a function of scaling the software and services piece. So I'm hoping that maybe you could just touch on that dynamic the change in composition of profit dollar growth and leverage and double-click on where you see software and services margins moving to in 2020.
Greg Brown: So, there was a lot, but we still think the business can - we expect it to grow all in 4%. We do think that video security solutions will grow at 15% Command Center Software in the high-teens. As I've commented before, as it relates to China, our China revenue continues to fall off largely as expected, in an accelerated way, just to contextualize that Mainland China was about $120 million of revenue in 2019. I think that's going to be cut in half, in 2020, more pronounced, not unanticipated, but more pronounced and reflective of our strategy around China. And we've been deemphasizing that theater for the last several years. So, I think we will A, continue to grow organically. I think LMR continues to grow all in inclusive of services the video security and command center software. I mentioned, services will grow should grow mid-single digits. From an operating leverage standpoint, as Gene mentioned we think OpEx goes down $60 million, largely normalized and optimized from G&A rationalization from acquisitions made previously. But Software and Services will continue to grow high single digit. That's what we anticipate. And from an operating margin standpoint I think that Software and Services will be about 33%, expanding over 2019. And we would see and anticipate the product segment operating margin expanding as well.
Operator: The next question is from Jim Suva with Citi Investment Research.
Jim Suva: Just one clarification, then kind of a more detailed strategy question. And the clarification question is, if I got my memory correct, which it could very well be wrong. The long-term guidance that you gave of the $9 billion sales and $10 in EPS, not guidance, but say let's call it, goal or whatever for 2021, that does include unannounced M&A? But for the 2020 guidance for this year, the sales of 4% plus or minus on the EPS that does not include unannounced M&A that hasn't been announced yet? So that's kind of my clarification question. Then my strategy question, Greg, when you look at running the company for 2020 what's kind of the maybe one or two variables to the upside or downside that you're taking a look at, whether it's state budgets or there are a couple of big contract renewals from competitors or within yourself that come up for renewal? Just so we can think about some of the key factors you're looking at for 2020. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Sure. So Jim your memory is correct. The approximate nine and 10 does contemplate future acquisitions. And you're also correct, that our 2020 guidance that we're confirming today does not, so you're right on that front. In terms of kind of overall levels and thinking about 2020, I like the fact that we have record backlog. I like the fact that more of the revenue is dimensionalized toward a recurring theme, vis-à-vis software and services. I'm really pleased with Kelly Mark and Andrew Sinclair and Jack Molloy and John Kedzierski. And I don't say that conveniently or to be nice and give the commercial for those guys. They've done an excellent job on two of these growth strategies that are very critical to us going forward. And at the same time, land mobile radio all in continues to be steady product and services and will grow. The variables you always think about is there a geopolitical event that could happen? Maybe, who knows? The coronavirus is relatively - maybe it isn't early in its stages. We'll see. We don't think that impacts us at this point in time. But we'll see how that plays out. This is also an election year and sometimes, if there's a change in administration that could provide a temporary pause or dislocation. I don't know if that's 2020 or 2021. But that's going to be an interesting set of dynamics to watch that whole political theater unfold. I think overall state budgets in the U.S. are solid. I think the U.S. federal budgets are solid. We've talked about tailwinds with the National Defense Authorization Act. FX is very muted for us in 2020. As we sit here today maybe $10 million of headwind. So, I think our guidance and our view is balanced, prudent, but I like the underlying strength of the business, the performance drivers and the execution by which we're achieving.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: I wanted to start, if you could just talk specific to public sector surveillance opportunities. Historically, it seems like Avigilon has disproportionately been weighted towards enterprise. How do you feel about the progress you are making? What's the visibility on large deal opportunities as it relates to public sector customers?
John Molloy: Ben, its Jack. So we've - I made a comment earlier that we put a team that was specifically focused at state and local. Really when we think about local it's local it's citywide video security systems. I think we've talked about before that we manage the city of Chicago. But just last year, we had opportunities that we won in Cleveland and in Dallas as well. So we've got opportunities. We've got relationships. I'm actually very encouraged. What we typically see with citywide safe city opportunities that they typically do a pilot in an area particularly in the central business district or an area that's very hard by crime and build out. So they are kind of elegant thing. When we secure those deals there's a scalability that will happen in 20 - this year 2020 and 2021 as they make sustained investments in those networks as well.
Ben Bollin: And looking at command center, where do you think customers are in their PSAT modernization efforts. Is it still ultra early innings and things get a lot better from here, just any high-level thoughts on where that market is and its evolution?
Kelly Mark: Ben, its Kelly. I think it's still early innings on the PSAT modernization. Certainly, we're starting to see some moves with some of the larger cities out there in regards to building into the ESN as you probably heard us talk about it which is the more advanced way to bring multimedia to 911 call centers, but I'd say that's still early innings. The impact of that eventually, it will drive churn of software because they'll have to update the software which sort of sits downstream from that 911 call to be able to handle the multimedia, but that also falls within the normal budget cycle that they have to prioritize. So it's not as if it will drive a tremendous acceleration, but certainly something that we'll see happen over the next many years.
Operator: The next question is from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Can you break out the full year growth by region give us some sense of how - if there's any differences between the regions? 
Jack Molloy: Yes. Paul, its Jack. Well, when you think about it North America last year we grew 13% in 2019; 7% in constant currency this year in 2020. And by the way, I do want to note North America, it's particularly important that we grew across LMR had tremendous success in Command Center Software as well as in our video security business. We actually expect continued growth across all platforms. We expect growth in North America in the federal government area in Canada as well as in the U.S. and state and local. As we think about Europe, EMEA last year we had a - it's important to note EMEA was down in 2019, 3%. Most of that was driven really by a culmination of two things: two deals in the Middle East; two nationwide deployments, one in Northern Africa and one in the Middle East that created a tough comp. Also we were in a tough FX environment last year, but we did grow in Europe both in Eastern Europe and Western Europe. And in 2020 we expect the region in whole to grow not only in Europe, but the Middle East and Africa as well. And then lastly in Asia Pac. And I think Greg made mention this is we expect Asia Pac to decline slightly this year. And really that's driven by the fact that our revenue in China will be cut in half. The rest of Asia Pac is fairly stable for us, but it's just the planned continued deterioration of revenue in China that really impacts Asia Pac. 
Paul Coster: And Greg, I'd take your point that the change in the administration might cause a pause in spending. What happened in prior presidential cycles that you can call out as material if anything? 
Greg Brown: Well, I mean, I think just in general whether it's Republican or Democrat it wasn't meant to be a partisan comment. But whenever there's a change there's typically you go through a new cycle they appoint new people and cabinet members, they reconstruct the budget. There may or may not be a continuing resolution. The budget details need to be solidified which really are foundational to what they will spend the first few quarters after the election. I think that's what we've experienced in the past. 
Gino Bonanotte: I think that's exactly right. The other piece of it is just what happens in the House and Senate and are there changes there that might change budget priorities as well. But as Greg said it's not - we've had very good years in Democratic administrations and very good years in Republican administrations. It's really just how quickly can get can they get the agency heads in place that can start to set the wheels in motion for both our customers and our team. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Silverstein with Cowen & Company. 
Paul Silverstein: Appreciate that this might have been asked in different forms. But if I remember correctly last year you spoke about gross margin uplift being the largest driver of operating margin uplift with OpEx being relatively flattish, but not down and you delivered on that. This year you're talking about OpEx declining once again by $60 million. I don't think I heard you referenced gross margin. If you did I apologize. What should we expect from gross margin relative to the opportunity for operating margin uplift for incremental leverage?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, Paul, this is Gino. We did not mention it, but really the expectation from - in the product segment is for gross margins to be comparable to what they were in 2019 and continued expansion in software and services from 2019 into 2020. 
Paul Silverstein: And as a follow-up, I appreciate that both of you have done a very good job trying to herd the cats and keep expectations in line. So Greg and you will apologize if this goes in the other direction. But you're telling us that you expect China to be down by $60 million or so to get cut in half. So starting out if we normalize for China, your organic growth, your normalized growth looks more like 5%. And I'm asking obviously a longer-term question here. And then if I think about the growth you're putting up in command and control software and video of 15 to high teens as those grow as a percentage of revenue and as LMR comes down as a percentage of revenue that should obviously have an uplift long-term on growth all the things being equal. I just want to make sure I'm thinking about this the right way if we think about longer-term growth as you go forward in time. I appreciate large numbers. But when I look at what's going on in your business, it sounds like growth should actually trend up over time?
Greg Brown: Well, so kind of a couple of things. In the context of 2020, we went through that. I appreciate the question and I understand where you're coming from. You are right that over time as software and services and video security obviously Command Center Software that are growing substantially faster and become a greater from a contribution standpoint that should provide lift both from a growth rate and an organic growth rate. And we would anticipate that trend over time. We're only guiding for 2020. The China being cut in half is much more pronounced. So China was down $20 million in 2019 against 2018. It's much more pronounced this year. It's not unexpected. I think it's related to a lot of the things we've been doing and decisions that we've made proactively with China. So that's not unanticipated. But also I think in the context of the overall guidance, I think it's appropriate to be prudent. By the way some of this growth remember, the other trend here is incrementally things that were sold as CapEx that might roll to the top line growth number to take 3 to 4 to 5 to 6 go more toward annuity revenue multi-year annual recurring. So as we move some product to incremental annual recurring revenue that would temper down top line growth as we transition over time, but enhance the longevity and durability and predictability of the cash flow. So there's -- it's that dynamic as well. But all-in, pleased with where we are record backlog, high-growth businesses performing and LMR as well. Remember coming off two record years that's important to understand. And the LMR business being longer sales cycle and a little bit lumpy in nature. 2020 is reflective of that, but that too is still growing all-in with services. 
Paul Silverstein: Greg I appreciate the response. To be clear I was looking for you to change the 2020 guidance, it was in the longer-term and prepare it correctly?
Greg Brown: Yes. No, no, I know, I appreciate it. And I totally understand where you're coming from.
Operator: The next question is from Fahad Najam with Cowen.
Fahad Najam: I wanted to see if you can address something that hasn't really come up lately is the opportunity in the public LTE or private LTE space for you guys. I assume that with your video increased growing portfolio of video services that is a synergy with your private LTE offerings. Can you speak to any incremental deployments you've had with your private LTE offerings?
Jack Molloy: Fahad, its Jack and it's a good question. If you think about our LTE offerings, historically, we've got a couple of things. We've talked about FirstNet. We think there are muted expectations for FirstNet in North America. But LTE to the enterprise is where we've got significant opportunity. We announced a CBRS portfolio last March at our channel partner Expo. We won some of our first deals with a big health care system out west. So we're encouraged by that. We also have a 900 megahertz offering to the utility space that we announced last week, at Distributech. And think of this as being something that actually takes advantage of existing P25 footprint. So less sites, better return on investment for utilities, leverages higher power capabilities and in SP25 and essentially LTE capabilities standing side-by-side. The last thing is LTE it will be an enabler for APX Next device which is our public safety police fire EMS device targeted. And that if you remember that's got P25 capabilities. But also it will have 5G capabilities, resident in the device, that's going to have LMR flow through capabilities there. So, really it's coming at a number of different things, device opportunities in public safety, and some software opportunities in public safety on FirstNet. And then in infrastructure as well as device opportunities in the enterprise space, namely utilities and health care et cetera.
Fahad Najam: I appreciate it. And if I could maybe ask you about the competitiveness of your video products, one of your competitors had talked about their wins at Fresno and Cincinnati. But I just want to understand how competitively products are coming together. You've got WatchGuard and your other video platform. Can you speak to the competitiveness and improved competitiveness of your product offerings relative to your competitors?
Jack Molloy: Yes. I think, end-to-end our video business is obviously as you mentioned we've got a fixed video security analytics business and Avigilon. It's the only end to end game in town. Everything from AI-powered cameras at the edge to video management systems to - a part that we don't talk about a lot and that's access control, Greg talked a little bit earlier about education and I think access control is every bit as important to our story as we secure campuses and the like. When we think about our video business in the public safety and I talked about earlier, again we're the only one we got the only ones at an end-to-end story there. We've got not only on body. We're the leading in car video provider. But we've also got LPR capabilities. But more importantly, our learn database is the most robust database in play and content matters. As you well know, we've got over 20 billion plates in the system. So, we think we're pulling the story together. We've actually consolidated our sales teams in public safety directed at video, because through the acquisitions we had different people point in different places. We've aggregated those teams have them under a central leader now and we're focused on getting after the public safety space. But I think from the innovation standpoint from our portfolio we've got everything we need to execute.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: On your video win in the quarter that was for $5 million. And I appreciate some of the comments you gave regarding your federal sales team that has been ramping up. But was this in any way related to the NDAA policy or did the NDAA policy went to your advantage to win this actual conduct or was this completely unrelated to the NDAA policy that actually boxed out some of the Chinese vendors?
Jack Molloy: Sami, the NDAA I think we've dimensionalized it as being a tailwind to our business. It's created a favorable environment for Avigilon. But I would tell you I think it's more of a result of having the right portfolio, the right focus and the right relationships and the ability to navigate the federal government sales cycle. I'd probably attribute more of success to Mark McNulty and Jim Mears and their teams and getting after that business. I think that's it. Yes.
Greg Brown: Yes. And the only other thing I'd add on the video again as you think about the video assets we've acquired and aggregated in 2019 they're roughly all in about $700 million in revenue. That includes fixed video, in car video, body-worn video, license plate recognition video. We feel very good about the end-to-end system orientation strong AI edge analytics. And then we take those and integrate them into our incumbency around land mobile radio for a pretty powerful ecosystem around mission-critical communications and analytics. So that's the path we're on.
Sami Badri: And then one follow-up is, if you look at the - all your comment center contracts that you've been signing and winning over every quarter, has the average size of these contracts from a dollar perspective started getting larger or is it very in line on a quarterly basis? Or was it very in line in 4Q 2019 versus the prior three quarters?
Kelly Mark: Sami, it's Kelly. We are seeing the contracts start to get a bit larger as we see the bundles and the suites, certainly referencing a couple of large ones as we did in the earnings materials with Irvine. So as we see the customers step in rather than just buy a point product like CAD or records, they're now bundling more and more together. So that will lead to a bit more of an influx in regards to the size of those happen.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: Nothing else to add. I appreciate everyone joining today and we'll talk to many of you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Take care.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2019 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President of Products and Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Services and Software. Greg and Gino will review our results, along with commentary and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today’s earnings news release in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I will turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I will start off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. So first, Q3 was another strong quarter. We grew revenue 7%, expanded operating margins by 120 basis points and generated $525 million of operating cash flow, an increase of 55% versus the prior year. Additionally, we ended the quarter with our highest backlog position ever of $11 billion, up $1.6 billion year-over-year and up $160 million sequentially. Second, we continue to execute well across all platforms. Our land mobile radio business is on pace for another record year of sales and earnings led by North America. Our video security business had another strong quarter of revenue growth and is gaining traction with government customers and our command center software business is continuing to drive revenue growth and margin expansion in our Software and Services segment. And finally, based on our Q3 results and our expectations for another solid performance in Q4, we are once again raising our earnings per share estimates for the full year 2019. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook before returning just for some very brief closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q3 includes revenue of $2 billion, up 7% versus last year, including $58 million of revenue from acquisitions and currency headwinds of $21 million. Organic revenue growth was 4%. GAAP operating earnings of $413 million, up $119 million and operating margins of 20.7% of sales compared to 15.8% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $509 million, up $57 million or 13% and non-GAAP operating margins of 25.5% of sales, up 120 basis points driven by higher sales in gross margins partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share of $1.51 compared to $1.43 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS of $2.04, up 5% from $1.94 last year on higher operating earnings offset primarily by a higher effective tax rate. OpEx in Q3 was $504 million, up $40 million versus last year primarily due to acquisitions. Other income and expense was $39 million compared to $43 million in the year ago quarter driven primarily by a decrease in net interest expense. The Q3 effective tax rate was 23% compared to 18% in the prior year. The year-over-year increase was driven by the recognition of a favorable return to provision adjustment in the prior year. Turning to cash flow, Q3 operating cash flow was $525 million compared to $338 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $465 million compared with $292 million in the prior year. The higher cash flow was primarily due to improved working capital, a settlement payment in the prior year related to a legacy business and higher earnings. Capital allocation for Q3 included $271 million in cash and equity for the acquisition of WatchGuard, $94 million in cash dividends, $60 million of CapEx and we paid off the $400 million term loan used to acquire Avigilon. Additionally, we agreed to extend our strategic partnership with Silver Lake. As part of the agreement, Silver Lake agreed to make a new $1 billion investment in Motorola Solutions and settled the outstanding $800 million aggregate principal investment 1 year ahead of its maturity. The $800 million principal was settled in cash and the premium was settled with $300 million in cash and $5.5 million in shares. The transaction resulted in an overall reduction to our diluted share count in the quarter. Moving to segment results, Q3 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1.3 billion, up $61 million or 5% driven by the Americas. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $27 million and currency headwinds were $9 million. Operating earnings were $300 million or 22.2% of sales, up 80 basis points from last year on higher sales and gross margins partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. Some notable Q3 wins in the segment include an award from Bell Mobility for the largest Canadian P25 contract in history serving the province of Ontario, $27 million in video security wins in education, a $16 million P25 order from Lee County, Florida, several large awards in mobile and in-car video, including $13 million for the City of Nashville, Tennessee, and $4 million for the Michigan state police and $3 million in fixed video security wins for government customers. Moving to the Services and Software segment, revenue was $645 million, up $71 million or 12% from last year driven by growth in the Americas and EMEA. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $31 million and currency headwinds were $12 million. Operating earnings were $209 million or 32.4% of sales, up 170 basis points from last year driven by higher sales and gross margin expansion. Notable Q3 wins in the segment include a $78 million dollar P25 multiyear service contract with the state of Michigan extending service through 2029, a $58 million P25 multiyear statewide service contract in North America, and $11 million Command Center Software Suite contract with Glendale, Arizona and a $4 million contract for a 911 system in Bogota, Colombia. Looking at regional results, America’s Q3 revenue was $1.5 billion, up 12% driven by broad-based growth across all platforms. EMEA Q3 revenue was $384 million, down 1% due to large system deployments in the Middle East in the prior year and currency headwinds partially offset by growth in Europe. And in Asia-Pacific, Q3 revenue was $158 million, down 9% or $16 million due to China and currency headwinds. Ending backlog was $11 billion, up $1.6 billion or 17% compared to last year. Sequentially, backlog was up $160 million with growth in both segments. Services and software backlog was up $1.6 billion or 26% compared to last year. Approximately half of the increase was driven by the Americas and half by EMEA. The EMEA growth is primarily related to the ESN and Airwave extensions. Sequentially, backlog was up $34 million due to multiyear contracts in the Americas partially offset by revenue recognition for ESN and Airwave. Products and SI segment backlog was down $39 million or 1% compared to last year, due to two large system deployments during the prior year in the Middle East and Africa partially offset by growth of $134 million in the Americas. Sequentially, backlog was up $126 million driven by the Americas. Turning to our outlook, we expect Q4 sales to be up 5% to 5.5% with non-GAAP EPS between $2.75 and $2.80. This assumes $20 million of FX headwinds at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately $176 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 25%. For the full year 2019, we now expect revenue growth of 7.25% to 7.5% and we now expect non-GAAP EPS between $7.77 and $7.82, up from our prior guidance of $7.67 to $7.77. This full year outlook assumes $115 million of FX headwinds at current rates, an effective tax rate of 23.5% and a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 176 million shares. We continue to expect full-year operating cash flow to be approximately $1.7 billion. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Gino. First, I am very pleased with our Q3 results. It was another quarter of solid organic revenue growth, significant expansion of both gross margins and operating margins. Strong operating cash flow generation of over $0.5 billion and we finished with our highest quarter ending backlog position ever. We also closed the acquisition of WatchGuard, a leader in the in-car and body-worn video. Second, 2019 is looking to be another strong year of growth led by North America, our LMR business is positioned for a second consecutive year of record sales and our command center software and video security businesses continue to perform very well. Given our year-to-date performance and ending backlog, we are positioned for another year of record revenue earnings and cash flow. And finally, this week at the International Association of Chiefs of Police here in Chicago, we had product introductions that spanned our entire mission critical portfolio including our next-generation LMR Radio APX NEXT, which is broadband enabled for mobile apps designed specifically for first responders. And what struck me the most as they walked our booth, was how the investments in our portfolio have come together, not as point products or separate acquisitions, but as a fully interconnected ecosystem, where mission-critical communications, video security and analytics, command center software and services are operating seamlessly together. And it’s the power of these integrated mission critical solutions that has me excited when I think about our future going forward. So now I will turn it back over to Tim and open it up for your questions.
Tim Yocum: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tim Long with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. Maybe just two I will give you together if I can. First on the video side, guys, it sounds like last quarter you were starting to see some traction in the education vertical, I see – do you know you went over a number of video wins kind of across different platforms in the quarter? Could you just talk a little bit about growth there in particularly with the new ban and the NDAA in effect, what are you thinking about growth for that business? And then secondly on the call center software side, it seems like there has been good traction, could you talk a little bit about the trajectory of maybe getting into more piece apps and maybe selling multiple solutions to the ones that you are currently in and how do we think about that adding to the growth for the company? Thank you.
Jack Molloy: Hey, Tim, good evening, it’s Jack. I will take the first question related to video. So as we have discussed before, we expect the video business to grow 15% this year. I will tell you, Q3, the performance exceeded our expectations. Specific to education, we had $27 million in orders in Q3. And if you remember Q2 is typically the high points, so we’re really pleased with $27 million. We got $1 million order from the University of South Carolina. We had not done a lot in higher ed, so again please there. And then I think the last thing is the Federal Bureau of Prisons, we talked about a year kind of a year to take place for the federal government success and that was well in advance of what we expected and think of that as a platform that will build on. I think all these things are empowered by two things. We made pretty significant go-to-market investments in North America, but probably more importantly, we announced the H5 camera line and the Avigilon Control Center, which are software and analytics package 7.0, focus of attention, unusual speed detection, things like that. So a lot of excitement in the market and I think you will continue to see our momentum from there and turn it over in the second half.
Kelly Mark: Tim, it’s Kelly. On the software part, I will address that. First I will just say, we look at the business, we are very pleased with that. Our orders, our revenue and our backlog growth are all exceeding the market growth rate. The team has done a great job showing the benefits of the suite and the customers are definitely recognizing it. Year-to-date as we think about it, you probably referenced in the past, percent of our orders in the command center that our suite related where we have sold two or more components of our software together or where we have added on to already existing pieces of software and added to that. As we look at year-to-date, we are just over 25%, which is an improvement from what we’ve seen in the past. It’s great to see some notable customer wins, you probably saw us reference a particularly large win with Glendale, Arizona, where they bought a pretty much the entire suite, CAD, records, jail, mobility our vast solution as well and integrated those together and also customers like we see in Latin America with the Bogota in Colombia, where we added on a 911 software system in addition to what they already have in regards to CAD and records that they have. So we are seeing good traction across the board on suites and I am pleased with the progress we are seeing also in the development of what Andrew and team were doing there.
Tim Long: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay, thanks. Good afternoon. I want to start by obviously acknowledging a lot of positive to highlight here in the quarter. But Greg, I am going to be brave here and try to paint a narrative that I know has holes in it, but just get it out there, because I know you won’t be shy to respond. You recently announced the new APX NEXT devices that incorporate broadband capability, FirstNet Interoperability and didn’t think there was you were seeing much of the use case for broadband and mission-critical radios and I know that LMR has been doing well, but product backlog is down year-over-year for the second quarter, now. I know Americas is up, but video is doing well and some additional inorganic contribution. So some thought that this is an indication that perhaps broadband and FirstNet is starting to and going to continue to have an impact on the core LMR business, I think you understand the narrative that’s painted there, so just want to give you an opportunity to respond to that?
Greg Brown: Yes, Adam. Thanks for the question. I don’t think the introduction of APX NEXT has anything to do with a narrative that would suggest LTE or specifically FirstNet taking a more prominent role, but specifically cannibalizing LMR. As you know, Adam, we haven’t seen that in the past. We still don’t see that now. Backlog is up, you know that year-on-year and sequentially. By the way, it’s also worth noting that the backlog is up, despite some significant FX headwinds that we didn’t articulate. But with what Molloy’s team is doing on LMR and the introduction of APX NEXT, which we’re excited about and maybe Jack could say a few words about the feature set. Software connect and seamless roaming between LMR and LTE actually we believe extends LMR. It’s not an encroachment of LTE. It makes LMR, it makes APX NEXT. It makes private networks even more compelling, and I think that’s represented by the statewide upgrades that we had this year that were almost 2x the volume of previous periods. But I just don’t see it that way and I think FirstNet is complementary to LMR, just like in the UK, ESN is complementary to Airwave, but I just don’t see any cannibalization or chilling effect. By the way, just, since we’re talking about FirstNet, as you know, I think, Adam, it has a de minimis impact of revenue for this year. We would see equally minimal revenue contribution from next year.
Jack Molloy: Yes, maybe just to piggyback on top of that, I think this is an important point. As a service or the recurring revenue component of APX NEXT, will actually be contracted through the customer directly to Motorola. And that will be three different things. It will be, obviously, Greg talked a little bit about the SmartConnect, the ability to extend LMR capabilities, for instance if it was somewhat from the Cook County Sheriff’s Office that was at a conference in Miami. They have capability to connect back to the network, but two of the the other really important features are called SmartLocate, which essentially provides paying to every – depending on the situation every 3 seconds to 15 seconds, location device of an Officer critical for Officer safety, but maybe the most important and underrated thing is a feature called Smart Programing, which will essentially take what used to take weeks or months to program radios and essentially provide an out-of-the-box experience. So really what we’re doing is to Greg’s point, extending the LMR P25 network, but leveraging some of the broadband technology to do complementary technologies. The other thing to hit on is the APX NEXT is actually a premium device. So if we think about the APX family that is, quite candidly been the most successful product in the history of this Company. This will be kind of the Cadillac, if you will, or the premium tier and we should think of that is kind of taken three to five years historically. We have a new fleet three to five years to start making – when we start to see the sales pivot to APX NEXT and the next gen of those. So hopefully that answers your question.
Adam Tindle: Yes, very helpful. And it sounds like there is some potentially attractive economic models that could be associated with it as well. Maybe just as a quick follow-up Gino, product and SI operating margins look like, if I am backing into the 2019 guidance correctly, maybe toward the low end of the 22% to 23% range for 2019, and hoping that maybe just double click on that because I know it’s perhaps not exactly like-to-like, but products gross margin and gross profit are up healthily, and operating margin and operating profit are lagging that growth a little bit. I know you have a number of acquisitions weighing, probably some opportunity there. So maybe just some color how we can think about operating leverage in that segment moving forward? Thank you.
Gino Bonanotte: Sure. Adam, yes the guidance suggests the lower end of that 22% to 23% range. It’s important to note that gross margin is above, slightly above our expectation for the full year. So really the impact is opex related to the acquisition and frankly related to some legal expense related with the Hytera IP lawsuit ongoing this year. So those are the two issues. I’m very pleased with the gross margin, it’s opex will get after the acquisitions and again legal expense until that trial is resolved or that action is resolved. We’ll continue to include that in our guidance. We’re very pleased with the performance – gross margin performance.
Adam Tindle: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi, thanks a lot guys. I guess I wanted to kind of drive toward inorganic growth rate for backlog. You mentioned there was an FX impact there. I know it’s pretty substantial last quarter, but I’d be curious on what that number actually was? And then WatchGuard, I would imagine also maybe gave you a bit of backlog benefit there. Also, I was wondering what kind of contribution that might have had? And then I assume the two Middle East deals from a year ago are not backlog affecting as I look at year-on-year compares?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, that’s correct. So there are a couple of things there to unpack the – the FX adjustment that Greg mentioned was $115 million sequential, unfavorable FX adjustment. Getting back to your question on the organic growth rate of backlog, so that was the extent of the adjustment. The second question?
Greg Brown: Was a WatchGuard question?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. And that’s really minimal backlog George. It’s kind of a run-rate business with very little backlog, so not much of an impact at all to our backlog.
George Notter: Got it. And then I’m sorry, the year on – can you just tell me the FX impact on a year-on-year basis
Gino Bonanotte: Its $200 million, George.
George Notter: Okay. So backlog organically, I think grew nicely over 10% year-on-year, is that roughly ballpark?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes.
George Notter: Great. Okay, super. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, guys. Hey, just want to explore a little bit the difference in the growth rates between Europe and North America. I would see North America is on fire now for the past two years or so, if not a little longer. Is the difference in the growth rates more macroeconomic driven or is it more based on the portfolio you have there? And then perhaps you guys touch on the growth or the opportunity with the video segment now with Avigilon and WatchGuard and what your opportunity is outside of the US?
Jack Molloy: Okay, Keith. So I think the question was really around EMEA versus North America. Yes. North America, just from a scale – go-to-market scale points of presence, it’s obviously our strongest market, it’s up – Q3 was up 7% in terms of constant currency and I think as Greg articulated in the open its strength across the board. It’s strength in our LMR business, strength in the command center software business and our services business and obviously we had a very good quarter in our video business. EMEA is actually for – in the third quarter, we’re actually up 2% inorganic constant currency. So some of the things we felt are obviously the headwinds – we’ve had some FX headwinds there, but it was just in Europe, two weeks ago at our partner conference, and there are some challenges in certain countries. But I would dimensionalize Europe is still relatively steady state, where we’re seeing the most pressure internationally is actually in Asia-Pac and to kind of put that into context, it’s 8% of our overall revenue. So not very material, but at the same time we’re seeing macro – we’re seeing some macro level issues. China is very small in terms of what it means from a revenue component of our country, but within the region, we’re seeing some contingents that have actually slowed some things down in certain areas. I’d also offer that when I look at the APAC business, a lot of this is on us and meaning it’s on me and and our team in terms of ability to understand the process a little bit better, where we might have some macro level issues, because budget issues, we’ve got to see through those and we’ve got to execute better as well. But as it applies to Europe, it’s not as strong as North America, obviously, but it’s fairly steady. APAC is really where we’ve seen the primary weakness as the years rolled out.
Keith Housum: Great. And just kind of expanding on that question, can you just touch on your opportunities with Avigilon and WatchGuard outside of the U.S. and is that a factor helping to drive some of the growth in the U.S. comparatives the EMEA?
Jack Molloy: Yes. So I think we have – in two different things. In Avigilon, we have opportunity in terms of – we’ve got to increase the number of routes to market internationally, that’s in Latin America, that’s in Asia Pacific and that’s in Europe. The work is being done there to really get the product on more shelves. They were – when we acquired Avigilon, they were relatively – their focus was rightfully so in North America. And we’ve got to bring more scale to then both with our sales force and our distribution partners. That’s the first thing. Secondarily, WatchGuard has also been relatively a North America phenomenon. We actually picked up a body worn camera through the Vigilant acquisition, a company based out, who had acquired a company based out of Scotland that actually has a very nice solution internationally at a better price point. So we’re going to look at both of those options to take the body worn camera in international, but WatchGuard is really a North America Solution as it stands today.
Keith Housum: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit about the public sector sales process within command center and surveillance, specifically I’d be interested in your thoughts on the average duration of the process? Any generalities for how relative deal sizes would compare, like traditional LMR deal to the same type of customer? And any high level thoughts you have on the overall competitive landscape right now based on some of the preliminary stuff that you guys are doing?
Jack Molloy: Absolutely, Ben. I will start this is Jack and I think the first part of it is a selling process. And I’m going to – Kelly is going to jump in to provide some color. The selling process in terms of the command center software is actually a fairly lengthy cycle, meaning it’s typically anywhere from minimal a year to two years. There is a high level because it’s a 24/7, a highly intense environment and you’ve got a customer base, meaning dispatchers in our high stress environment. There’s a lot of demonstrability and particularly as they navigate software changes, there is a lot of features that may be were legacy features that we have to kind of deal with because it certainly affects their operating procedures in the command center. So they’re typically long, and I think a credit to the inorganic and organic activity that Kelly and Andrew and team have done, frankly the deal sizes are getting larger. And I think as Kelly articulated, we’ve grown the level of suite services – the suite sales, which have contributed to that. Kelly, I think you want to – anything you want to add to that?
Kelly Mark: Yes, just on the competitive component. You know, look, if you look at the external view across any number of market studies out there, referenced as market growing around a high single-digit growth rate and as we referenced in the past and it has continued to play out, our software business is growing in double digits. So we’re very pleased with what we’re seeing in regards to the growth of the business. I’d also add competitively. I think as you probably saw at IACP, we’ve made a number of announcements around some additional components of our software – command center software portfolio. I’m very happy about what we’re doing. Also, one thing I’d highlight is the records portfolio and what we’re doing there. As we all know, in the command center, one of the biggest things that they deal with is just the inundation of data, pictures, video, voice that they have to handle in that records platform that we announced. It’s something that our customers are very excited about because it provides to have an opportunity with one records platform to be able to manage data that comes in from any variety of sources. So it’s not just managing body-worn video or 911 calls, it’s being able to compose all the data that comes into the command center and be able to manage it. So competitively we view that as something that is really unique part of our software portfolio that no one else can emulate. So very pleased with what we’re seeing there and the customer receptivity and the feedback we’re getting from them has been really great and it shows in the results.
Ben Bollin: And as a follow-up, looking at the broader business, you talked about some of the uncertainty, maybe some more macro in APAC. Do you have any thoughts on a broader macro perspective? As it relates to commercial LMR and then will not upgrade Greg any update to the broader 2021 framework discussion you’ve provided previously? Thanks guys.
Greg Brown: So there is no updates to the broader 2021, approximately 9 and 10. Remember, it wasn’t guidance, it wasn’t prescriptive it was directional. My phrases up into the right and it contemplates both operating the business and continued inorganic activity. From a 2020 standpoint, we’re not going to guide the specifics as you would expect that will be reserved for our February call. But as I sit here today, kind of high level top-line revenue growth, I think about roughly 4%, which is consistent with what we said this year. Consistent with what we said last year and again overall from a drivers standpoint across all three platforms, LMR and video security and command center software, I feel pretty good about it. By the way, just one other dimensionalize it’s worth mentioning, it may seem a little tactical, but worth reminding. As you all think about 2020, remember Q1 specifically is always our lightest quarter. Q1 of this year was a record quarter that included $40 million of federal revenue in Q1 of ‘19 that we do not expect to repeat in Q1 of 2020. So high level dimensionalize events continued solid growth, obviously a solid backlog position, no change to the 9 and 10 in 2021 and I think the Jack and Kelly and the team and quite frankly, all the people at Motorola continue to do a great job and I appreciate their efforts.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Before I ask questions, I just want to clarify in your response to the previous question, Greg. I thought at one hand end you were giving guidance on the other hand, I think I heard you say 4% revenue growth for next year. Was that the 4% that you cited was that specific to 2020, but...
Greg Brown: Yes, what I’m not being prescriptive on that specifically on EPS in operating cash and others, but it’s just meant to signal more or less to Ben’s question our view on our expectation of continued growth. We do expect growth. We do expect organic constant currency growth. We do expect cash flow growth. But just to give you an anchor point and a reference point. Yes, as I sit here today, the kind of view of top line was about 4%, very consistent with this year and what we said this year and what we said last year.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate that. I might have two questions. One is a broad question, I apologize, visiting a number of questions earlier in the call. And then a specific question, the broad question is to the extent that video hardware analytics and monitoring along with margins have been the two or I think certainly are two of the key upside opportunities and focuses for the Company. Can you give us any sense of the opportunities from here over the course of the next year in terms of how much more you can do in driving margin upside as well as of WatchGuard and Avigilon in terms of how far how fast that revenue can grow? I recognize you address the things you need to do in terms of outside of the U.S. and their go-to-market etc., but any quantification you could provide? And then the specific question would be, you just referenced U.S. federal passing, a number of companies this quarter cited very strong U.S. federal revenue in the fiscal year-end. Can you characterize what you’re seeing out of U.S. federal?
Greg Brown: Why doesn’t Jack take U.S. federal first?
Jack Molloy: Yes, so U.S. federal, we’ve – it was not only – we talked about the strength of the North America business and you wouldn’t have a good Q3 without a very strong federal quarter, but I would also offer, it’s been Mark McNulty and federal team has had a very good year in 2019. It’s everything from devices to systems to services and it really spans a continuum of law enforcement agencies in the Fed’s civil agencies as well as our Defense bases in the Communication Systems we supply to them. So proud of what the team accomplished in Q3, but really, we have had a very solid 2019.
Greg Brown: And Paul just overall, on your question of kind of the overall business, we do expect cash flow and operating margin expansion to continue against the specifics coming on the February call. I think that’s largely going to come out of software and services. I think Kelly and Andrew and his entire team have done a great job on platforming the business, getting efficiencies of the business, integrating the suite. The percentage of suite purchases and orders is slightly incrementally higher than what Kelly referenced earlier. We talked about an operating margin in that segment, software and services on the last call of 30% to 31%, that’s going to look like, more like 31% for full year ‘19. Do we expect that can improve in 2020? We do? And Kelly and Andrew will provide me and all of us with the specifics on 2020, but also what I would say is the areas that we’re playing in. Video security, where we’ve targeted to grow 3x the market, all in 15% versus 5% and as Jack referenced in Q3 we were strong in Q3, and we still believe will grow at 15% for 2019 and that continues. On command center software, it’s performing in the high teens and again for now we expect that to continue. So – and that’s against the backdrop of an addressable market of all of these businesses land, mobile, radio, video security and analytics and command center software of an addressable market we size that about $39 billion for 2020. So I think there is room to run. I think Molloy and Kaczynski are executing very well with the Avigilon acquisition and the other video assets. That is we aggregate and go to market in an integrated way, we’ll continue that performance and I think command center software and services, which we don’t talk as much about though that too is continuing to run very well. So there is opportunity. There is a sizable addressable market, you know the numbers that we’re growing and command center software and video security, I think land mobile radio including SI and services all in will continue to move forward. By the way, we will also consciously move more and more land, mobile, radio product to land, mobile, radio infrastructure as a service which will improve stickiness, improve annuity revenue in that segment and overall solidify the profile of our position competitively. So, I feel good about where we are and how we’re executing. There is always a lot more work to do, but this is a solid quarter, it’s going to be, it should be, we expect it to be a record year in ‘19. And then we’ll update you on all the specifics with those metrics in 2020.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate the response. Thanks Greg.
Operator: The next question is from Brian Yoon with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Yoon: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I wanted to follow up on the prior answer you had for a baseline of 4% revenue growth in 2020. Can you talk about the levers there? So what do you think could drive better than expected, top-line? Is it an uptick in video security adoption or new product intro and is there anything we should be aware of that could pressure revenue growth from that baseline?
Greg Brown: I think, look at this point, I think it’s just a prudent way to plan the business as we look at 2020. Molloy, talked about – North America has been great and the execution across pretty much all platforms. He talked about a little bit of international, more specifically Asia-Pac, where we see budgets being pushed out. I don’t think its deals lost. Now Asia-Pac is 8% of our overall revenue in ‘19 and as you know, China is now about 1.5% of revenue for us. So it’s not significant. The issue though is, as the China economy slows down, does it have a contagion effect in some other adjacent or neighboring theaters in the region. It may, but also as Jack said we on the execution side can do a better job in terms of forecasting specificity and understanding budget cycles and what’s available. So I think it really is just the best way in the prudent way we think to plan the business, video security in Q3 was stronger than our expectations. So are there areas that we could perform stronger against that view of course, there are potentially there are, but at this point, we think this is the right way to think about it, dimensionalize it again as I sit here today.
Brian Yoon: Okay, great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Hi, thank you. The first question has to do with products, just SI, and I want to understand beyond the big lumpy deals. The way you generate some of those revenues, could you give us any idea on the type of radios that were sold? Are these higher mix? Are you starting to see the installed base refresh their products? If there is a cycle where are we in that cycle or are some of the growth being driven by Avigilon products on the hardware side, can you just unpack this a little bit more for us, so we can go through it?
Jack Molloy: I’ll – hey Sami, it’s Jack. Two things, so for the third quarter, what we’ve seen from Products and SI, it’s both. Actually to your point, Avigilon, albeit Avigilon had a very good quarter so we’re going to see some of that. As we think about the LMR products that are in there, we had, we had strength really frankly in devices. So that’s APX devices, the APX family of which we just announced, kind of the next generation or the APX NEXT. And that strengthened the U.S. government, U.S. public safety state and local, as well as the federal government, which I just articulated had a very good quarter. Gino, I don’t know if there’s anything you’d like….
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, I think – I think you answered your Jack. it’s really on the product side, strength across the board in Q3, there wasn’t one area that was exceptional. No large deal in there that drove the results, it was broad-based, actually across all platforms, but across all the product segment.
Jack Molloy: The commercial – the commercial business was actually up 3% in North America in Q3 as well, so just like a – just pretty much strength across the board.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then just a follow-up question regarding Avigilon and some of the more software/artificial intelligence related capabilities that the software actually has, where are we in the integration cycle for specifically those capabilities into the broader command center suite?
Kelly Mark: Sami, I’ll take that. In regards to Avigilon, one of the things that we’ve done, we’re very pleased about is, we’ve immediately taken the Avigilon portfolio and to the extent our public safety customers are using Avigilon, we have already integrated into our command center suite. So, one of the products, which you probably saw us announce earlier in the year is CommandCentral Aware. The CommandCentral Aware is a product which helps gives our customers a consolidated view in the command center of a situation including location of officers, information related to the 911 call, any inputs around license plates and in addition to that, to the extent they access Avigilon cameras, they can have that feed into the command center. So it’s not just Avigilon, we work with a lot of other video suppliers out there because it’s important as being in the command center, that being kind of the central point where situations are controlled that we can interface to others. But of course interfacing to Avigilon is something that we incorporated earlier this year. It’s just one of the examples of the integration components that we provided through the command center.
Sami Badri: Great. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Tim Yocum for any closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: Thanks for joining guys and we look forward to talking to most of you soon. Take care.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations Web site. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The Web site address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Tim Yocum, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Yocum, you may begin.
Tim Yocum: Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2019 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Services and Software. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary and Kelly will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Tim. Good afternoon and thanks everybody for joining us today. Before I get started, I would like to inform you all that due to a death in the family Jack Molloy is unable to join us for the call today. So, obviously, our thoughts and prayers are with Jack and his family this afternoon. Turning to the call, I will start-off by sharing a few thoughts about the overall business, before Gino takes us the results and outlook. First, Q2 was another strong quarter. We grew revenue 6%, earnings per share of 16% and expanded operating margins by 240 basis points versus the prior year. Additionally, we needed the quarter with our highest backlog position ever of 10.9 billion up 1.5 billion year-over-year and up $500 million sequentially. Second, we continued to execute well in both segments of the business, our product segment grew 4% and expanded operating margins by 50 basis points, while our services and software segment grew 9% and expanded operating margins by 590 basis points. This strong broad based performance shows that our customers continue to value, the public safety, ecosystem, we have built across our platforms, mission critical communications, command center software and video security solutions. And finally, based on Q2 results and the demand we continue to see across our portfolio, we are raising both revenue and earnings per share estimates for the full year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Gino provide additional details on Q2 and outlook before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q2 includes revenue of $1.9 billion up 6% versus last year including $33 million of revenue from acquisitions offset by $37 million of currency headwinds. Organic revenue growth was 4%. GAAP operating earnings of $349 million up $76 million and operating margins of 18.8% of sales compared to 15.5% in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $444 million up $66 million or 17% and non-GAAP operating margins of 23.9% of sales up 240 basis points from 21.5% driven by higher sales and gross margin partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share of $1.18 compared to $1.05 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.69 up 16% from $1.46 last year. OpEx in Q2 was $494 million up $31 million versus last year primarily due to acquisitions. Other income and expense was $51 million compared to $44 million in the year ago quarter driven primarily by increases in foreign currency and non-operating expenses. The Q2 effective tax rate was 24% compared to 25% last year. Turning the cash flow, Q2 operating cash flow was $251 million compared with $425 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $188 million compared to $384 million in the prior year driven by the timing of incentive payments and cash taxes. For the first half of 2019, excluding the voluntary $500 million pension contribution made in 2018, operating cash flow was up $77 million and free cash flow was up $30 million driven by higher earnings. Capital allocation for Q2 included $94 million in cash dividends, $63 million of CapEx and $25 million of share repurchases at an average price of $146.65. Additionally, we issued $650 million of new 10-year senior unsecured notes and use the proceeds to repurchase existing notes resulting in an extended weighted average debt maturity profile. And subsequent to quarter-end, we acquired WatchGuard, a leader in-car and body-worn video for public safety for total consideration of $271 million. Moving to segment results, Q2 products and systems integration sales were $1.2 billion up $49 million or 4% driven by the Americas. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $16 million offset by currency headwinds of $18 million. Operating earnings were $242 million or 19.5% of sales up 50 basis points from last year on higher sales and gross margin partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions and investments in our video security solutions portfolio. Notable Q2 wins in the segment include $60 million of additional P25 orders for the statewide system in North Dakota, a $46 million P25 order from Oakland County Michigan, a $34 million P25 order from Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority, $5 million of public safety video security contracts in Broward County, Florida and the Cleveland Metro area and several multimillion dollar video security wins in the education vertical. Moving to services and software, revenue was $622 million up $51 million or 9% from last year driven by growth in the Americas and EMEA. Revenue from acquisitions in the quarter was $17 million offset by currency headwinds of $19 million. Operating earnings were $202 million or 32.5% of sales up 590 basis points from last year driven by higher sales, gross margin expansion and OpEx reduction. Some notable Q2 wins in the segment included $200 million ESN extension through 2024, a $60 million P25 multi-year services agreement with the state of Tennessee extending service through 2028, a $59 million five-year contract extension to provide license plate data and analytical software and a $5 million records management contract for Baltimore County. Looking at regional results, America's Q2 revenue was $1.3 billion up 11% driven by broad base growth across all platforms. EMEA Q2 revenue was $356 million down 7% due to two large system deployments in the Middle East and Africa in the prior year and currency headwinds partially offset by growth in Europe. And in Asia Pac, Q2 revenue was $157 million down 7% or $12 million due to currency headwinds in China. Moving to backlog, ending backlog was $10.9 billion up $1.5 billion or 16% compared to last year inclusive of $119 million unfavorable change in currency rates. Sequentially, backlog was up $492 million with growth in both segments. Services and software backlog was up $1.5 billion or 24% compared to last year driven by EMEA and the Americas sequentially backlog was up $430 million due to multi-year contracts in the Americas and the ESN extension. Products and SI segment backlog was down $48 million or 2% compared to last year primarily due to large system deployments during the prior year in the Middle East and Africa partially offset by $165 million of growth in the Americas. Sequentially, backlog was up $62 million driven by the Americas. Turning to our outlook, we expect Q3 sales to be up approximately 6.5% with non-GAAP EPS between the $1.91 and $1.96. This assumes 20 million of FX headwinds at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 177 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 25% versus 18% in the prior year. For full year 2019, we now expect revenue growth of 7 to 7.5% up from our prior guidance of 6% to 7% and we now expect non-GAAP EPS between $7.67 and $7.77 up from our prior guidance of $7.60 to $7.72. This full year outlook assumes 115 million of FX headwinds at current rates, an increase of $25 million from our prior outlook, $40 million from the acquisition of WatchGuard, an effective tax rate of 24% to 25% and a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 176 million shares. Full year operating cash flows is expected to be approximately $1.7 billion. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a few thoughts. First, Q2 was outstanding. We had strong organic revenue growth in both segments significantly expanded both gross margins and operating margins and ended the quarter with our highest backlog position ever. Second, the acquisitions we've made in video security and command center software are having a meaningful impact on our business. With our recent purchase of WatchGuard, we've now made acquisitions in these two areas that total $2.4 billion. These acquisitions are expected to contribute revenue of about $1 billion this year growing high teens with an EBITDA profile of about 20% and growing. And finally, as I look to the second half of this year, I'm encouraged by our performance led by North America, which saw strong organic growth in both segments during the quarter. LMR demand remains robust and our video security and command center software solutions continue to gain momentum which positions us well for expanded free cash flow generation going forward. I now would like to turn the call back over to Tim.
Tim Yocum: Thanks Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question will come from George Notter of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to start off by asking about the backlog obviously a nice sequential jump here at $10.9 billion. Can you kind of walk us through the different puts and takes on that backlog that you gave us? I think some parts of it when you're talking about the segments, but I guess I'm trying to drill down into the organic backlog growth and insights into the puts and takes would be great.
Gino Bonanotte: Sure, George. This is Gino. So, if let's talk year-over-year first for services and software up $1.5 billion. The way to think about that is about two-thirds of that is the U.K. Home Office extensions that we talked about. And a third of it are North America multi-year service contracts. For products and systems integration year-over-year down on projects in the Middle East and Africa and up in the Americas. And sequentially is the $500 million of growth is driven primarily by North America multiyear contracts as well as the $200 million ESN contract extension.
George Notter: Got it. And then, what was the organic growth look like. And backlog it sounds like a whole lot of this is organic. If you could just clarify that, that would be great?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. It's primarily organic, primarily all organic.
George Notter: Okay. And then, I guess the topic [indiscernible] China trade wars obviously there is a new salvo here in terms of tariffs that would get implemented on the next tranche of goods. But, I guess I was just wondering what the bigger picture is now with -- you're competing with Hytera and Hikvision on a couple of different sides of the business. Give us your sense for what's going on there and how you're taking advantage of that competitively?
Greg Brown: Well, I mean contextually George as the tariff trade war continues with China including the tariffs increase that Trump announced a few hours ago that is contemplated in the guidance we're giving for the full year. For the second half roughly it's about an incremental 8 million or 9 million for the full year. Actually it's 8 million or 9 million for the full year and roughly half of that for the second half. But that increase that he talked about being implemented September 1 is already contemplated. I remind you that we've made decisions going back several years ago where we don't -- we no longer do manufacturing in China. I think Mainland China revenue was about 1.5% to 1.7% of our revenue. So, we don't have a concentration there. We don't do product management. We don't do software development. So I think we're pretty well insulated from some of the things that are going on there, competitively it's an advantage in two different areas. If I take Hytera first and the litigation as you know we won the patent infringement case in DC with the International Trade Commission that implemented an import ban and a cease and desist order. We've had 2 wins in Germany in Mannheim and Düsseldorf. There is a trial going on as we speak in Australia for patent infringement and source code copying and we're optimistic about the outcome. And then, the big one is Chicago in November in 2019. And despite repeated attempts by Hytera to delay and deflect multiple efforts to push that trial into 2020, we have every reason to believe that it will happen in November in Chicago with a jury trial that will evaluate a trade secret theft and source code copying and I and we are looking forward to that trial and subsequently that outcome. On the Hikvision and Dahua, a video security space as it relates to the NDAA, the procurement ban goes into effect in 13 days on August 13. By the way, Avigilon in the video business performed well in Q2, it grew double digits. It's tracking where we expected to be. Video security we think will be about 15% for the full year, which is 3x the market growth which we articulated before. And interestingly enough those results actually don't really include anything from the federal market. We haven't gained traction yet, the sales cycle in Fed is even longer than state and local. But, to your point George, I think we will become a beneficiary of the NDAA procurement ban for Hikvision and Dahua in the video security space. But, I think that will be more likely 2020. We are encouraged by the ongoing discussions we have with our Fed customers and I think that will be beneficial in 2020.
George Notter: Thank you.
Greg Brown: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Thanks. Good afternoon. Greg, I just wanted to start with WatchGuard and maybe touching on the strategic vision with that asset. I'd imagine there is some synergies with other acquisitions that you've done like VaaS. And in that light, I understand the majority of mix for that business is related to in-car video systems based on the S1 they filed a couple years ago. But they also have a body-worn camera business and wanting to understand that that piece is something you think is worth investing in and how you approach that market?
Greg Brown: Thanks Adam. We're excited about WatchGuard, to dimensionalize it, it is the in-car camera market leader, which fills in a gap that we had within the video solutions portfolio. Secondarily, we are seeing and Molloy is seeing more customers that are buying in-car and body-worn together, which we think is obviously a positive outcome and gives us some optimism for that asset going forward. On the revenue side, we believe WatchGuard will contribute about $40 million in 2019. But what I love about it is, it's all a similar sales motion. So, it's another key asset in video surveillance and analytics that gets put into the sales force, North America strong 500 plus people that we think we can grow it substantially. I mean WatchGuard very good company, but they have 35 salespeople half of which are inside salespeople. So, we will by definition give them significant more market reach, touch points with all of the customers that we have bring them into conversations where we have incumbency in land mobile, radio and command center software. We think it's very strategic, I'm excited about it. And on the body-worn side to your point, we have a body-worn platform they do to, we'll look to rationalize that together and as I mentioned over time sell them in tandem to match more and more the way our customers are buying.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. And maybe this is a quick follow-up, services and software margins were certainly a highlight in the quarter, significant improvement both sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. You could just maybe double-click on the drivers. How much was greater mix of command center, was it operational improvements in core services and the sustainability of that. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes. I will start and maybe Kelly will jump in. But, I think the strong performance was a combination of top-line growth and operating expense efficiencies. I mean it was a fantastic quarter by Kelly and his team and Andrew Sinclair on the software side all the people working services very, very pleased. We had talked about an operating margin for that segment for this year moving toward 30%. If we look at that segment of services and software for the first half, the operating margin is about 30.5%, we now believe given that first half performance that the full year operating margin will look more like 30% to 31% on the operating margin side. So it's just good work by Kelly and his team.
Adam Tindle: That's helpful. Thank you.
Greg Brown: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys. Greg just going back to that tariff real-quick, from a competitive vantage standpoint, there should be some advantage and you guys have versus your Chinese-based competitors especially in the PCR market, correct? And then, how do you guys extrapolate on that?
Greg Brown: Well, look I think -- generally you're right Keith, it is an advantage. There's more and more developed countries that are very sensitive to putting Chinese gear or Chinese electronics or wireless technology into either critical infrastructure. Obviously, they don't even consider that here in the States. So, from a market standpoint that's an advantage. It's an advantage for us as we go head-to-head against Hytera in the litigation. By the way that was self-inflicted by them. So when a company steals intellectual property for us that puts so much R&D in patent protection and investment around innovation. We're going to fight appropriately. We want to compete. We like a level playing field, but what they've done is egregious systematic multi-year and I think and we think that there will be a penalty and a payment for them as a result of their actions. And on the video side, of course, you're right as well that two of the largest video providers being Hikvision and Dahua. And of course, we have to remember that Huawei as a high silicon division that provides a semiconductor that guide some of the intelligence in OEM and white label cameras as well. And that's a benefit too. So generally, net-net, I think we're a bit unique in that the Chinese situation in total is more tailwind than headwind for our company for a whole host of reasons.
Keith Housum: Got you. And the, my follow-up, I would be remiss if I didn't ask about FirstNet, obviously, AT&T has been top of the charts in terms of the new additions they have, but what are you seeing in terms of benefit -- your benefit from it, and are people transitioning over to push to talk.
Greg Brown: They're not. We don't see really any benefit at all in terms of revenue contribution for us. We didn't have really any in Q1; we didn't have any in Q2. And for the full year, Keith, we're really projecting low single digit millions, very, very little. Obviously, AT&T will continue to build out the network, they're adding "Connections or subscribers". It's a cellular data play and they will look to win back customers from Verizon or T-Mobile or Sprint onto the FirstNet data plans that is separate than LMR, it's incremental to LMR. Obviously, as we've seen given the organic strength of land mobile, radio here in the States. And we would know if the users were incremental push to talk over cellular because FirstNet is using Kodiak for that solution which we own as an asset. And when we look at the traction in the growth there, we really don't see it. So, FirstNet, I think is obviously working for AT&T and I think that's great. But, for us it has no meaningful revenue contribution at all this year.
Keith Housum: Is there expectation you have, the next year or the following year?
Greg Brown: I think too early to project for next year. But from my view expectations are pretty muted.
Keith Housum: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Greg, I'd like to pursue that just a little bit further, which is to say that, AT&T is seeing several hundred thousand subscribers so far on FirstNet which is a drop in the ocean I know. But, some of the device companies are getting very excited about the opportunity. And I guess the question, it's a two-part question. One is, what is your plan in terms of deploying devices on to FirstNet, how does Motorola making money out of the device side of the story. And the second is, do you see any competition here for [indiscernible] budgets inside the first responder community. And is that part of the reason, the many interesting initiatives you're doing in that context.
Greg Brown: Well, I will the answer the second one first. We see budgets being pretty healthy here in U.S. state and local. That combined with the criticality of what we sell into public safety on mission critical communication platforms as well as command center software and video security makes what we sell more of a must have than a need to have. On the device side, Paul, we already have a device approved on the FirstNet procurement list. So, we have the LEX product that's approved. I think it's fair to say that you'll see us have some additional new products over time. But, today first responders have that land mobile, radio P25 here in the U.S. and a smartphone. And if there's an additional device if you will that device -- it will replace the smartphone, which we don't have any market share to begin with any way. So, device while I said earlier is pretty much zero for us to date. There's really nothing but upside because if there is some kind of device that may get traction on FirstNet from a data side, it would be a smartphone enhancement or a smartphone like replacement and won't affect the mission critical typically APX P25 radio.
Paul Coster: And then, they look to this FirstNet network sort of roll into the 5G plans as well that likewise you don't see as either a revenue opportunity nor a risk?
Greg Brown: I don't see it as a risk. I do see it as a revenue upside. It's additional to LMR. It is really outside of LMR. The fatter the pipe and the faster the speed, I think those are positive conditions for what we sell in command center software and video security. So, as the pipe gets fatter as that cellular network gets built out as 4G over several years migrates to 5G. It has no impact that we could see on LMR, an upside is what we see on the other two platforms we're building.
Paul Coster: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva of Citi. Please go ahead.
Josh Kehoe: Hi. This is Josh Kehoe behalf of Jim Suva. Thanks for taking our question. Could you give us any more color on how you're sizing up the potential opportunity for Avigilon from the National Defense Authorization Act? Geographically, we'd expect to see the most benefit and how you think of the potential ramp in revenues today?
Greg Brown: Well, I would say, first of all, just to dimensionalize Avigilon, solid double-digit growth in Q2. Number two, still expect about 15% revenue growth this year, which we think is 3x of the market. Love the state and local government wins in Q2. Both the Cleveland area and Broward County are new and material as it relates to Avigilon. And Safe Schools, on the enterprise and education front is white hot for reasons that we all know safer schools, securing the perimeter, protecting school children, having a necessary lock down and doing the kinds of things around perimeter security, video surveillance, anomaly detection, motion detection and having those alerts without human intervention, feed into appropriate law enforcement officials in a 911 center automatically. And then, also signal alerts to the land mobile radio to the principal or security person or guidance counselor are critical. That use case is widespread. Getting traction and significant. So I love what Molloy has done by the way, he and his team have made investments on the product side. I think you'll see some new cameras roll out in the second half of the year. We've significantly increased go-to-market which is part of the reason that informs our confidence and our ability to perform the way we described in this critical area. And all this is really without any contribution to your point Josh from the NDAA yet the sales cycle and Fed are longer. The conversations are great, we're having active dialogue. As you've probably seen and understand the procurement prohibition of Chinese video providers takes effect in 13 days and our customers are struggling to identify and replace our Fed customers given the resources that they have we are helping them where we can. But we expect that to get traction more in 2020 than this year.
Josh Kehoe: Okay. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks josh.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Brian Yoon: Hey. I think it's actually Brian Yoon from Deutsche. So I also had a question on the Avigilon business. So on the product refresh opportunity from the National Defense Act what we've been seeing and kind of hearing is, sales confusion, kind of customer confusion on whether it's just limiting new Chinese equipment purchases, or if the requirement is to sort of rip out existing systems, since you guys are super close to the conversation there. Can you kind of expand on what you're seeing what your view is? Do they have to rip out the existing equipment in both cases Avigilon kind of comes out as a clear winner, but it'd be interesting to get your view? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Brian, there is two dimensions to the National Defense Authorization Act in terms of the federal ban. One is August 13. It's a procurement ban. So, as of the 13th of this month, no federal agency can procure new video security equipment from Hikvision or Dahua. And a year from this month in August of next year is the second leg of it, which is a grant prohibition which is to say that no federal funds can be used for their procurement of Chinese video security mainly those two companies named. So, grant money that might be created at the Fed level that could flow through to a state and local or community cannot be used as of August of next year. They don't necessarily have to rip out the video cameras that they have today. So there's a procurement ban of August of this year. There's a grant ban rather they can't use grant money in August of 2020.
Brian Yoon: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: Good evening everyone. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to touch on two items if I could. First is, can you talk a little bit more about where public sector customers are deriving the funds and budget dollars across the three major segments, LMR, I think we're pretty familiar with, but when you look at surveillance and command center opportunities for those future win, where does that money come from? And then, a second kind of follow-on as you leverage yourself into more of these longer tail public safety assets, how does that influence your ability to compete in deals, you feel like you're getting more pricing power. There's no like-for-like competition what are you seeing on that front? Thank you.
Greg Brown: On the first one, I would just say that U.S. state and local budgets are healthier generally. Obviously some states vary as you know, but I think that tax revenues and overall fiscal conditions from a budget standpoint -- we see healthier than they have been in several years. They source different revenues from different points. Some have obviously 911 taxes that are used to fund the procurement of command centers software and other kinds of things like that. But, the other thing that makes us affordable in the envelope of these budgets is that we're selling these long-term multi-year contracts as an example. Gino is in his commentary talked about the State of Tennessee, which goes through 2028. So, given -- depending upon the way the customer wants to buy, it could be OpEx, it could be CapEx and depending upon the length of time that they want to pay for it. We have the flexibility to meet them in a way that's conducive for them to buy that fits the affordability envelope of their individual fiscal situation. But, and the Fed, I would say has been beneficial given the fact that there is budget clarity and certainty. So, specifically for us as it relates to that budget we saw more revenue and deals flow in the first half than the second half because of the budget certainty and the clarity that the Trump administration and obviously Congress has provided. So, I think from a federal budget standpoint today that situation is more favorable than it has been in the past as well.
Ben Bollin: On the competitive landscape, as you get into more of the area surveillance within -- the broader command center envelope. How does that influence your competitive position and deal?
Greg Brown: I think it's advantage generally speaking. In land mobile radio, I think it's remained the same, but in command center software as we've acquired more assets and can compete on 911 call handling, can compete on Tier 1, Tier 2 or Tier 3 CAD, can compete on records management or evidentiary management. And then more importantly, which is in part what's led to the operating margin expansion in Q2 to put these assets together and platform them. So, if a customer wants to buy a point product for one of those areas, we can sell it, if they want the economies of scale of "Speak Suite" which is two or more of those. Obviously, that's an advantage that we have given the scale that we provide the integration we're building the cloud enabling, set of architectures that we're putting around command center software where a customer can be on-prem, or hybrid cloud, or in the public cloud and we'll meet them where they want to be met on a common architecture. It's a competitive advantage. On the video security side, we've got fixed video, we now have in-car video, we have body-worn video and we'll do everything we can from an end-to-end standpoint the package and differentiate and sell it as a compelling value proposition because I think a bigger and more integrated is a competitive advantage for us over time.
Ben Bollin: Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it. Please give Jack a pat.
Greg Brown: We will do. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sami Badri of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you. The first question I had for you was on WatchGuard and how you think about the market that WatchGuard is in and various competitors, the market growth rate? And then, what do you think you'll be able to grow a business like WatchGuard now that it is within Motorola. And I have a follow-up.
Greg Brown: I think that one of the things we like about WatchGuard is, it's the in-car camera market leader. I think it's -- we don't give individual product or segment guidance per se. But, I think it's reasonable to say that WatchGuard could grow at a double-digit profile given the interest in video, given the way I think customers will buy in the future in combination by buying in-car and body-worn together. They'll do some of those purchases more together. And the overall TAM for video is several billion dollars, a [indiscernible] video and as we've said, Avigilon is 12 billion to 13 billion without China. And then, you add incrementally body-worn video and in-car camera to that TAM total and look at that profile and we believe in general we can grow that double digits.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you. And then, regarding my follow-up question actually has to do with the operating margin in services and software, now you've clearly shown and demonstrated there has been expansion, would you say up to this point that you're achieving services and software operating margin expansion faster than expected. And do you think that that could be the case over the next couple of years as well that you would achieve a higher profile faster given the way your business is tuning up.
Greg Brown: I think it was achieved in the first half more than we thought than it would be for the full year. So, remember the operating margin target for that segment was 30%. We've inched it up to 30% to 31%. I think you can't necessarily focus on one quarter from a linearity perspective but make no mistake; I'm pleased with the performance of that segment reflected in the increased color of going from 30% to 30% to 31%. I think Kelly and his team are making meaningful changes that will be foundational that will enable us to continue to grow it over time. Too early to forecast obviously anything for next year, but would we and would I expect it to grow. Yes, we would and I would great.
Sami Badri: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question will come from Paul Silverstein of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Guys I appreciate you taking the question, Greg and Gino, I apologize to you and others if you all have already been asked and answered this question, I've been hopping around from calls tonight, so do apologize. But on the video piece, Avigilon and a number of other acquisitions form a part, if I'm not mistaken it looks like Hikvision and Dahua between two, they do about $1.5 billion of revenue or did $1.5 billion of revenue in their respective fiscal '18 collectively, outside of China, I don't know how much of that was in the U.S. But, if we return back to that opportunity in terms of those two competitors in particular, the number one and three in the market being gated, it is there a way to quantify, I assume the opportunity for you is entirely in the U.S. in terms of the incremental that there's not an impact outside of the U.S. with respect and mitigated, how much revenue is, any sense for how much revenue there is that you could pick up from their particular situation.
Greg Brown: Well, I think Paul it's reflected in the performance and the guidance we've given i.e., the market. So, take China out, the market without China is growing about 5% or 5.5% in our expectations are 15%. So, by definition we've set in place a plan and a strategy around investment, products, refresh cameras, going down market on certain cameras. And then, as well as channel synergy and go-to-market investment and that is we believe could have a yield of 3x. Now we talked about this a little bit before Paul, but that's okay, just to quickly dimensionalize it. The performance we have and we expect to have with Avigilon is really without any anticipated significant contribution from Fed and the National Defense Authorization Act both on procurement and grant restrictions. We don't see that having any effect at this point in time for this year. So, if we can grow about 3x the market, without China, investing and refreshing the camera portfolio and cheering it more broadly, bringing on more effective channels, significantly adding go-to-market. And by the way it's more than U.S. and North America. We think it's also EMEA as well. This market is $12 billion to $13 billion market without China that's growing nicely. So, we are optimistic about what we can do here and it's one of the areas. Again, we're about building platforms, it's not just video, it's the edge device, it's the storage, it's the management, it's the analytics, machine learning and the A.I. that take all of that end-to-end experience and provide use cases around specific verticals to differentiate. This is a hot market, I think Molloy has done a good job. We have a lot more work to do, but that's the perspective.
Paul Silverstein: Greg, if I could ask you a quick follow-up to your point about platforms, correct me, if I'm wrong, but I think it was just a quarter ago maybe two quarters ago, when you had completed or at least had integrated the Avigilon and perhaps some of the other video capabilities into your command and control software based platform. Did you address or could you address what the early indications are in terms of take up by those 6000 command and control centers throughout the U.S.?
Kelly Mark: Hey, Paul. It's Kelly. So, I'll touch on that. When I spoke to that before, it was really in regards to as we bring these platforms together we make sure the inter-linkages between the various components, LMR, video security and command center software all exist. So, in the case of Avigilon or in a recent acquisition of VaaS, those video streams or that data plugs straight into the command center, so for a customer for example that has our aware product they can have the visibility to the video and/or the VaaS data right on that screen. So, it helps just facilitate the inter-linkages of those platforms not something I would direct you towards to measure in regards to that penetration to those command centers because it also be gated a bit by who uses our aware platform as well.
Paul Silverstein: How broadly is, were used?
Kelly Mark: Wear is one of our earlier products and growing pretty rapidly. We don't get into how many piece apps directly use it, yet but that's something that we'll be updating you on the future. So, but it's one of our newer products and it's growing relatively quickly because of its ability to integrate and provide as we say on a single pane of glass, a situation from CAD to mapping, to assets, to VaaS and video and other components. It's a very integrated view to help our customers manage their resources during an emergency.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate the response. Thank you.
Kelly Mark: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Tim Yocum¸ Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Tim Yocum: That concludes the call. Appreciate you joining today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The Web site address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call would be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the 2019 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Products and Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Services and Software. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. And during the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factors section of our 2018 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q1 was an excellent start to what I believe will be another strong year with first quarter records for sales, operating earnings and ending backlog. Revenue grew 13%. Earnings per share grew 16%, and we generated operating cash flow of $251 million. I'm pleased – secondly, I'm pleased with our results in Product and Systems Integration and Services and Software. We reported double-digit growth in both segments driven by the Americas and EMEA. At the same time, we did grow backlog year-over-year by almost $800 million. And finally, demand remained strong across our platforms in LMR communications, command center software in video security and analytics. And we continue to invest in our unique mission-critical ecosystem that we're building for long-term growth. I'll now turn the call over to Gino. He'll provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q1 revenue of $1.7 billion, up 13% versus last year, including $137 million of revenue from acquisitions and $38 million of currency headwinds. Organic revenue, which excludes acquisitions, was up 4%. GAAP operating earnings were $229 million, up $58 million. And operating margins were 13.8% of sales compared to 11.6% in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $315 million, up $55 million or 21%. And operating margins were 19% of sales compared to $17.7 million of sales in the year ago quarter, higher sales and gross margin expansion partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share was $0.86 compared to $0.69 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.28, up 16% from $1.10 last year. OpEx in Q1 was $466 million, up $50 million due to acquisitions. Other income and expense was $36 million compared to $27 million in the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by an increase in net interest expense of $9 million. The Q1 effective tax rate was 20% compared to 19% last year. Turning to cash flow. Q1 operating cash flow was $251 million, and free cash flow was $185 million. Operating cash flow was higher by $751 million, and free cash flow was higher by $726 million compared to the prior year. The year-ago quarter included a $500 million voluntary pension contribution. Excluding the pension contribution, Q1 operating cash flow was up $251 million on timing of annual incentive payments, improved working capital and higher earnings. Capital expenditures were $66 million, up $25 million compared to last year primarily related to Airwave and ESN network investments as well as Avigilon. Capital allocation for Q1 included acquisitions of $445 million of cash and equity for VaaS International Holdings and $136 million in cash for Avtec; $145 million of share repurchases at an average price of $118.98, largely offsetting the dilution associated with the VaaS acquisition; $93 million in cash dividends; and $66 million of CapEx. Moving to segment results. Q1 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1.1 billion, up 12% driven by the Americas and EMEA. Revenue growth from acquisitions in the quarter was $75 million. Q1 Products and SI segment operating earnings were $147 million or 14% of sales, up 70 basis points from last year on higher sales and gross margin partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. Notable Q1 wins in the Products and Systems Integration segment include a statewide P25 radio system for the state of North Dakota, a $25 million P25 win with the New South Wales Telco Authority and an $8 million TETRA order from a utility customer in Chile. Moving to the Services and Software segment. Q1 Services and Software revenue was $588 million, up $72 million or 14% from last year driven by growth in the Americas and EMEA. Revenue growth from acquisitions in the quarter was $62 million and currency headwinds were $21 million. Services and Software operating income was $168 million or 29% of sales, up 240 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and gross margin expansion partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. Some notable Q1 highlights in the Services and Software segment include a $17 million managed Services contract with a mining customer in Latin America, a $7 million computer-aided dispatch and records contract for a large government customer in California, a $5 million order for video services renewal with the city of Chicago Office of Emergency Management. Looking at regional results. Americas Q1 revenue was $1.2 billion, up 17% on grow in both segments. EMEA Q1 revenue was $363 million, up 7% and also driven by growth in both segments. And in Asia-Pac, Q1 revenue was $129 million, down 5% or $6 million due to currency headwinds and continued expected declines in China. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was $10.4 billion, up $781 million or 8% compared to last year, inclusive of a $222 million unfavorable change in currency rates. Services and Software backlog was up $885 million or 14% compared to last year, driven by EMEA and the Americas. Sequentially, Services and Software backlog was down $25 million due to Airwave revenue recognition. Products and Systems Integration backlog was down $104 million or 3% compared to last year due to several large system deployments during the past year in the Middle East and Africa. The Americas backlog was up $31 million year-over-year. Sequentially and similar to last year, Products and Systems Integration backlog was down $185 million, on typical North America seasonality. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q2 sales to be up 4% to 5% with non-GAAP EPS between $1.55 and $1.60. This assumes $35 million of FX headwinds at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 176 million shares and an effective tax rate approximately 24%. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue growth of 6% to 7% with non-GAAP EPS now to be between $7.60 and $7.72. Full year operating cash flow is still expected to be approximately $1.7 billion. The full year outlook assumes approximately $90 million of FX headwinds at current rates, up from approximately $65 million of headwinds in our prior outlook; approximately $250 million of revenue from acquisitions; and effective tax rate of between 24% and 25%; and a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 176 million shares. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino, and let me just close briefly with a few thoughts. First, our Q1 performance positions us for another year of growth coming off a record 2018. Second, we continue to invest in our unique mission-critical ecosystem by expanding our LMR, command center software and video security and analytics platforms. And I expect Services and Software to comprise about 1/3 of our full year 2019 revenue, up from approximately 31% last year. And finally, for the full year 2019, I continue to expect us to deliver higher gross margins, operating margins, EPS and cash flow. And as these durable cash flows grow, you should expect continued discipline and rigor around capital allocation for long-term shareholder value. And I'll now turn the call over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up, so we can accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Walter Piecyk of BTIG. Please go ahead.
Walter Piecyk: Thanks. Just want to focus on product systems integration. The growth rate, 12%. Correct me if I'm wrong because I may have misremembered this, but wasn't there – was it in the last quarter or the March quarter of 2018 didn't have some larger than expected revenue? I think it was Q1 and Q2, so is it fairly difficult comp to put that growth rate on? And if so, what does that mean as we kind of head into Q2 and Q3? Is there something you're able to maintain? Or is there also similarly some kind of onetime or just particularly large contracts that end up getting realized in the quarter? Thanks.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. Walt, this is Gino. You do remember correctly, Q1 last year, it include a large order, a large revenue from a California customer. If you look at Q1 for PS&I and look at it on an organic constancy currency basis, it's approximately 6% in the quarter. Our expectation for the full year has not changed. We talked about constant currency growth for the full year at approximately 4%. And we talked about the year shaping up similarly to last year, and that's what we're seeing so far. So for the first half, probably a little closer to 5%, full year at approximately 4%. Really, what drove Q1 were a couple of orders in the Fed – in our Fed division. And that's really what drove the overperformance, about a 6% organic constant currency growth rate.
Walter Piecyk: Right. Sorry, I meant the 6% and just 12% obviously has some of the acquisitions. Okay. And then on...
Gino Bonanotte: Well, I'm sorry, just one more thing. It's important to note that Q1 is our smallest quarter in the year when you look at a seasonality perspective. Q1 is the smallest quarter. Q2 and Q3 are comparable, and Q4 is the largest quarter. So that 6% is coming off of a smaller number in Q1.
Walter Piecyk: Got it. I just thought it would have because of the difficult comp, maybe started – it would have been flip-flopped from what you said and maybe start a little tougher in the first half and then strengthen from there. But I guess we'll see how the year progresses. My follow-up is for Avigilon, obviously, continuing a lot of press in terms of the amount of the focus on Huawei and how their components are in competitors' cameras. Just curious on has that resonated? Has that started to resonate with customers in that segment? Do you see any actual pickup in whether it's interest or actually order flow as a result of customers rejecting some of your competitors because of the components that they have in there from Huawei? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Yes. Walt, I think it has resonated with some of our customers. And as you know, the concern about Huawei and more specifically, Hikvision and Dahua in the video surveillance space, which is in the National Defense Authorization Act. Obviously, it's a concern with the federal government because they're prohibited – any federal agency is prohibited from procuring vendor equipment by that brand. Specifically from a component standpoint, you're right. Huawei has a silicon chip that is in also in a number of our competitors. But if you look at the federal government and then critical infrastructure, which has many of the same attributes, yes, I think it is a growing concern. I think the NDAA takes effect in August of this year, but it's clearly favorable in terms of what we're doing with Avigilon. Avigilon grew – I think it grew well in Q1 ahead of the market. We still expect it to grow at about 15% and with a little bit more traction in fed government, state and local, in the second half.
Walter Piecyk: What are these companies doing on the sales front? Are they pushing back or saying that they're going to rip this componentry out of their products? Or like what's their defense in why a public safety customer would buy their products versus yours?
Greg Brown: Yes. Walt, a lot of what you've seen with the Huawei, the computer and chips aren't really in public safety. A lot of those are enterprise type customers and there's concerns here, but it's not the same and it's not the same regulations and stipulations as to what they buy as you've seen in the National Defense Authorization Act. So it's a little different approach in the enterprise versus government and critical infrastructure space.
Walter Piecyk: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys. Gino, just want to talk about gross profits here. Obviously, a nice step up year-over-year. And according to my back of the NOL calculation, it looks like Services and Software were a big driver of that. Just can you talk about the sustainability of that throughout the year as usually the first quarter of the year is your weakest gross margins? Can we expect that to continue ramping up throughout the year?
Gino Bonanotte: Walt, I'm sorry, Keith. The – our view hasn't changed for the full year. We talked about margins in the Services and Software segment gross margins approaching 50% and operating margins approaching 30% for the full year. That continues to be our expectation. No change to P&SI as well on margin expectations. We expanded – we expect to expand margins in both segments in 2019.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks. And just as a follow-up, Greg, perhaps a little bit of color on the strategy of making the Avtec acquisition in the quarter?
Greg Brown: Avtec. Avtec, yes. So the Avtec, we're excited about Avtec. It does two things fundamentally. Number one, it expands the commercial markets we serve. It's a dispatch solution, but it actually extends us into the airport, seaport and rail markets, which are new markets for us, so we're excited there. The second thing is as we looked at our R&D portfolio, where we're planning on next generation dispatch for commercial, there were some economies in terms of bringing the company on, and we like what they're doing from a development standpoint. So very well-run company in the South Carolina. We're excited to have them as part of the family.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks.
Gino Bonanotte: Keith, just to add while we're on the Avtec subject. For the full year, revenue expectation is approximately $20 million. And we expect it to be slightly dilutive for the full year.
Keith Housum: Sorry. Did you say $20 million or $28 million?
Gino Bonanotte: Approximately $20 million.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question will come from Greg Notter of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Greg Notter: Hi, guys. This is George. I just wanted to, I guess, dig in on the effort on the command center software business. There's a big initiative I know going on in the company around platforming those products and pushing them onto more of a SaaS model. Can you kind of talk about where you are in that transition and the integration of the different software pieces you have there? And then what kind of milestones do you have in terms of getting into a subscription-type model next year? Thanks.
Kelly Mark: Hey, George, it's Kelly. So we're making great progress on it. We've already launched a number of our products into the cloud or selling them as a service, specifically if you think about Kodiak or VaaS. So we're making good traction on that. We expect the materiality of our portfolio to be cloud-ready by the end of 2020. I will note, though, even though as we move towards cloud, our software products will continue to be available either to our customers on-prem or in the cloud. So that transition will be gated based on our customers' desire and how they want to execute on deployment. But we view it as moving along quite well with the business and the milestones we look for, which you will see in announcements like you saw this past quarter on CommandCentral aware, which is another one of our Products which we recently made available in the cloud. You'll see more of those announcement come between now and the end of 2020 as we make them available in the cloud.
Greg Notter: Got it. And what's customer receptivity like on that? Do you -- obviously, you're asking people to kind of buy product in a little bit different model there. And again, it's a customer option, but talk about sort of the circumstances under which you see customers kind of consuming that way. And how does that affect the model for you guys going forward? Thanks.
Kelly Mark: It's early days on that as we make it available. And based on the products we have right now, we've had high amount of customer receptivity to that. There are going to certainly be certain issues. We might get into -- for governments related to whether or not they actually can store their data in the cloud, which will be something that we'll look at and watch as we deploy it, but they've been relatively receptive to it. It certainly helps in regards to security and keeping the systems up-to-date and managing uptime versus when you have it and what we call an on-prem deployment. But it's early days in regards to launching that. But initially for the customers who are receptive to that, it's been going quite well.
Operator: The next question will come from Vijay Bhagavath of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes. Thanks. Hi, Greg, Gino. I get ask this question quite a bit from clients, which would be around command center software portfolio. You know you have kind of interesting building blocks called management, command control, records, evidence and on and on. So the question that I get asked and like to get your view is, do you have companies who compete with you across the software command center portfolio architecturally? Or is your competition more under the piecemeal, the individual building blocks? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Greg Brown: Sure. Hi, Vijay. We feel very good about the components that we have and the width and breadth of what we've acquired to include, as you referenced, 911 call handling, get dispatch, records and evidence management. And we do not believe that competitively, anyone else has the width and breadth of the suite that we are building. It's a fragmented marketplace. There's different competitors depending upon the element that's being evaluated. But I think Kelly and Andrew Sinclair and team are doing a really good job on building out the suite, cloud-enabling the portfolio and its respective components, increasing SaaS subscriptions and moving away from perpetual license. And I like our competitive position. To the earlier question by George, I think we have high interest. More customers remain interested in buying components of the suite. But given the buying habits of state and local, I think it will be gradual but that's okay. But very much like what Kelly and team are building there.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes, perfect. A quick follow-on would be for Gino in terms of use of cash and also just the investment strategy in the company, both internal and inorganic. Thanks.
Greg Brown: Actually, Vijay, let me just jump back. Gino and I work very closely, quite frankly, the whole team on the deployment of capital. I think it's the most important thing we do. As you've seen, we've done a combination of increased organic investment, inorganic acquisitions surgically to build out the command center software suite and video assets that we think are strategic in video security and analytics and also return capital to shareholders. Love the fact that we did -- we're able to do $145 million of share repurchase in Q1 at $118 a share. Gino has been very consistent in our capital allocation framework 50%, 30%, 20%. 50% to be used for share repurchase for acquisition, 30% dividend and 20% CapEx. Given our performance to-date, we have about $500 million approximately available to us between now and the remainder of the year, which is fungible between either share repurchase or acquisition. We also expect to pay down the short term loan associated for $400 million associated with the Avigilon acquisition we made last year. We expect to complete that by the end of the year.
Vijay Bhagavath: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Adam Tindle of Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks and good evening. I just wanted to start on the 2019 EPS guidance. I know it comes up by a couple of pennies but just beat Q1 by $0.15. You've got tax rate lower, share count higher, but I think the net of it is that your profit dollars assumptions are generally unchanged. So correct me if I'm wrong there. But if so, the business seems to have a lot of momentum. You're talking about strong backlog. I guess, why wouldn't forward quarters be raised a little bit more? Just talk about the thoughts to the guidance build up.
Greg Brown: So we feel very good about the year, the full year and the remainder of the year. As Gino talked about, we look at the year and our overall performance and focus on organic growth, more specifically organic growth, constant currency. So we did have a strong Q1 driven largely by a couple of orders in Fed. But we're less concerned around the individual linearity within a quarter but stick to the full year. And we believe with overall backlog up, aged backlog comparable to slightly up for the remainder of the year that our full year guidance on top line remains prudent. I'll also remind you that we have $25 million of incremental FX headwinds from the last time we spoke that's incorporated and contemplated into our full year guidance. When we look at the EPS, it is largely a flow-through associated with the lower tax rate. But there is some, a couple of pennies associated with improved business performance overall. We love the start. We feel comfortable about our expected ability to achieve what we stated and it's performing as expected. But we think the guidance is prudent at this point in time.
Adam Tindle: Got it. That's helpful, Greg. And just as a follow-up, I think to your point, it implies continued year-over-year operating margin expansion. Just hoping that you can maybe just touch on the composition of this? I think previously, you had 100 to 200 basis points from the Product and SI segment. I know that was supposed to be more back-half weighted, but you had 40 basis points year-over-year improvement in Q1. So I'm just trying to determine if maybe the Products and SI margin expansion is down a tick and Services and Software are up a tick? Or are we still 100 to 200 on the Products and SI side?
Greg Brown: I think the software and Services operating margin is consistent with what we've told you before as is P&SI. Just to put a finer point on it, I think that probably operating margin in the 22% to 23% range for the full year seems to make the most sense at this point in time.
Adam Tindle: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks Greg.
Greg Brown: You bet.
Operator: Next question will come from Paul Silverstein of Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks. Appreciate you all taking the question. First off, some of your compadres in the com equipment market, albeit focus on the commercial sectors as opposed to public safety, has citied weakness in Germany and the UK and cited Brexit and cited a big downturn in the automotive industrial sector in Germany. Again, I recognize 80% of the revenue comes from pubic safety, but do you see any of that weakness? Is there any impact or visibility? And then I've got a follow-up question.
Jack Molloy : Hey Paul, it's Jack. So with regards to -- obviously, we've seen some slowdown on the commercial side in Europe. But I would caveat and I think it's important to note that our European business is largely insulated due to the fact that we're largely a managed service company. If you think about Airwave and the other nationwide networks that we manage, we've got -- the preponderance of our business is recurring revenue in Managed and Support Services in Europe. So we -- as Greg alluded to and Gino in the opening, we had a solid Q1. We expect comparable growth to 2018 in Europe, Middle East and Africa this year.
Paul Silverstein: All right. And then if I can ask on the Avigilon piece, you had that earlier to announcement about the integrations with command and control software platform. It sounds like it's on schedule relative to when you did the deal back in early 2018. So that takes you to the public safety market. I assume that with the big firing gun in terms of entering the public safety, Avigilon, if I recall at the time of the deal, was just the commercial sector they had their hands full and trying to address the public safety market. Greg and Gino, did that not translate to an acceleration of the revenue growth from video analytics and surveillance and the associated hardware? If I recall at the time of the deal, I think they were doing mid-teens growth. The first quarter out, you referenced acceleration. I haven't heard that reference again since, in their fourth quarter since the deal. But now that you're taking some public safety market, I would think there will be strong receptivity and that would actually accelerate the growth of that still relatively small base.
Greg Brown: Yes. I think the gating factor or in terms of going after public safety and state and local is more about channel and sales cycle. Remember, Avigilon was a commercial enterprise video company, which was great and they've done a great job. But Molloy has done a very good job of redirecting investment, mainly sales coverage and heads and the channel program to redirect it to be more public safety. So I don't think it was a product interoperability issue with command center software. I think it's channel investment that takes time. And I think it's sales cycle on competitive RFPs that take time. We still expect strong growth to your overall point, which is why we stated upfront that we think Avigilon can grow 3x the market at about 15%. So we do expect to get more traction. But at this point, we think on a larger basis, it's prudent to leave that guidance consistently at about that level. But good progress.
Paul Silverstein: Got it. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Jim Suva of Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you. And I have a question for Greg kind of bigger picture and then kind of a financial question for -- probably for Gino. But Greg, when you think about and just looking at the overall economy with strong employment, housing prices going higher, should lead to more inflows to government municipalities, police forces and first responders should be using your products. Is it fair to say that these are leading to more healthier discussions today for your new products? Or is there a little bit of, I want to say diversion of police forces trying to retrain their staff to make sure that they don't end up with a black sore eye from public social media responses. And then for Gino, the question, it looks like while you're raising EPS for the full year, it looks like it's fully accounted for from the lower tax rate of 24% to 25% versus 25% earlier. So you mentioned you're also increasing your outlook due to organic, but I'm just trying to make sure that I'm not missing something. Or are you investing a little bit more?
Greg Brown: I'll just answer the second one real quickly just because I mentioned it a few minutes ago. But the tax rate difference or the lower tax rate we think is worth about $0.05 and we raised the high end from $770 to $772. So the EPS guidance raise, you're right, it's because largely of lower tax rate but not solely. There's also some business improvement that comes from that.
Gino Bonanotte: Just to add to that, Jim, keep in mind the share count change from 175 million to 176 million shares. And as mentioned earlier, the acquisition, the Avtec acquisition is slightly dilutive. As you're going through your math and model, you have to incorporate those as well. And as Greg mentioned earlier, the increase in FX, the $25 million increase in FX from FX headwinds from our prior view.
Greg Brown: And Jim, as it relates to kind of overall macroeconomics, I think the very good thing about this business among other things is the consistent demand for what we sell. Real strong economy or in a more tepid economy. We see consistent strength in North America. And also strength because the markets, the addressable markets that we're playing in have been expanded. So if you rewind the tape and you know this very well, we were more traditionally a mission-critical radio communications provider. As we continue to invest organically and inorganically, we're doing – we're playing in so many other areas beyond that. We're playing in the command center, software space with the respective components and an addressable market there that's $5 billion to $6 billion. We're in the video, security and analytics market now with Avigilon, which we think is about $12 billion-plus, completely zeroing out China. And of course, Kelly and team continue to build out the services around that. So I think the strength and the continued performance of what we're doing is because of the width and the breadth of our product portfolio led by a healthy economy in North America but also reflecting at its fundamental base the criticality and consistent demand for land mobile radio. We talked about wins in Iowa and Pennsylvania. Historically, we had the award here in Florida. It's not contracted for yet. Airwave was extended through the end of 2022. But in a variety of different theaters where Molloy and team compete, land mobile radio demand and the criticality of mission-critical communications is pretty consistent. That's what I think is continuing to drive us along with coverage and execution. I don't know, Jack, if you want to add anything.
Jack Molloy: Just one other thing, Greg. And I think I picked up on Jim you talked about more training. And with the state of play -- with respect to state municipal funding, how is that money being prioritized. Greg made a key point. And we made inorganic and organic investments around software and video because of this. One of the trends that we're seeing, and we followed this closely with our law enforcement customers , is less people taking the test, which lends itself to increased demand for complementary technologies to give them investigative tools that they wouldn't have. So ultimately, how do they do more with less? And the simple answer is technology. And yes, as Greg said, it's our continued demand for land mobile radio. But it's also driving and it's going to continue to drive video in command center software opportunities for us. And so that's why some of the kind of investments and bets that we've made over the last course of last three years will really start to come to pass because we have less and less law enforcement officers, they need greater technology to keep the public safe.
Jim Suva: Thank you for the detail. It's great. I appreciate it.
Jack Molloy: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor: I have no additional comments. Thanks, everybody, for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 17:53:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Motorola Solutions Q4 2018 Earnings Call. All participants are in listen-only mode. Later, you will have the opportunity to ask questions during the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. It is now my pleasure to turn today’s program over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Chris Kutsor: Thank you, operator, and good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to our 2018 fourth quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Products and Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Services and Software. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We’ve posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP and non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. With that, I’ll turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us. I’ll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q4 was another excellent quarter. We posted records for revenue, earnings per share, operating cash flow and backlog. Revenue grew 15%, earnings per share grew 25% and we generated operating cash flow of over 800 million. Second, our full year results were outstanding as well and illustrate the earnings power of our business driven by demand across our entire portfolio and continued strong execution. For the full year, we grew revenue 15%, earnings per share 31% and generated close to 1.6 billion of operating cash flow, excluding a voluntary pension contribution and grew our backlog by almost $1 billion. And finally, demand remains strong across our platforms in mission critical communications, video, services and software and we continue to invest for long-term growth. So I’ll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and 2019 outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q4 results include revenue of $2.3 billion, up $297 million or 15% from the year-ago quarter, including $159 million of revenue from acquisitions and $25 million of revenue related to the adoption of accounting standard 606. Organic revenue, which excludes acquisitions and the accounting change, was up 6%. GAAP operating earnings were $516 million, up $13 million and operating margins were 22.9% of sales compared to 25.7% in the year-ago quarter. The lower operating margin is primarily due to costs related to the closure of certain supply chain operations in Europe and higher OpEx related to acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $650 million, up 15% or $84 million and operating margins were 28.8% of sales compared to 28.9% of sales in the year-ago quarter. Higher sales in gross margin were offset by higher OpEx related to acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share was $2.44 compared to a loss of $3.56 in the year-ago quarter. The prior year loss was driven by the effects of 2017 tax reform. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.63, up 25% from $2.10 in the year-ago quarter. OpEx in Q4 was $484 million, up $77 million due to acquisitions and ASC 606. Other income and expense was $51 million compared to $36 million in the year-ago quarter driven by an increase in net interest expense of $12 million. Q4 effective tax rate was 23.5% compared to 32.8% last year, primarily due to 2017 tax reform. For the full year, revenue was $7.3 billion, up $963 million or 15% including $507 million of revenue from acquisitions and $83 million of revenue related to the adoption of ASC 606. Organic revenue, which excludes acquisitions and the accounting change, was up 6%. 2018 GAAP operating earnings were $1.3 billion, down 29 million or 2%, primarily driven by a charge to an existing environmental reserve, the closure of certain supply chain operations in Europe and lease exit cost associated with acquisitions. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $1.7 billion, up 16% driven by higher sales in gross margin, partially offset by higher OpEx related to acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share was $5.62 compared to a loss of $0.95 in 2017 driven by the effects of 2017 tax reform. Non-GAAP EPS was $7.15 compared to $5.46 in 2017, an increase of 31%. For the full year, OpEx was $1.8 billion as expected, including $258 million from acquisitions and ASC 606. Other income and expense was 165 million compared to 163 million in the prior year. And the effective tax rate for 2018 was 21.7% compared to 31% last year, due primarily to tax reform and tax benefits related to share-based compensation. Turning to cash flow. Q4 operating cash flow was $812 million compared to $761 million in the year-ago quarter. The increase was driven primarily by higher earnings. Free cash flow in Q4 was $743 million compared to $740 million last year. Capital expenditures were $69 million, up $48 million versus last year, primarily related to the Airwave extension. For the full year, operating cash flow was $1.1 billion, including the $500 million voluntary debt funded pension contribution in Q1 of 2018. Free cash flow in 2018 was $878 million compared to $1.1 billion in the prior year. Excluding pension, operating cash flow was 1,575 million and free cash flow was 1.4 billion. The higher cash flows in 2018 was driven primarily by higher earnings. Capital allocation for 2018 was $1.2 billion of acquisitions, $337 million in cash dividends, $197 million of CapEx and $132 million of share repurchases at an average price of $112.42. Additionally, in Q4, we repaid the remaining $100 million of the revolving credit facility associated with the Avigilon acquisition. And we continue to expect – to repay the $400 million term loan associated with the Avigilon acquisition in 2019. Moving to segment results. Q4 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1.7 billion, up $233 million or 16% driven by the Americas and EMEA. Revenue growth from acquisitions and ASC 606 in the quarter was $137 million. Q4 Products and Systems Integration segment operating earnings were $483 million or 28.9% of sales, down 140 basis points from last year, driven by higher OpEx related to acquisitions. Some notable Q4 wins in this segment included a $47 million P25 order from Snohomish County, Washington; a $24 million P25 order for Ingham County, Michigan; and a $16 million P25 order from Riverside County, California. For the full year, Products and Systems Integration revenue was $5.1 billion, up $587 million or 13% led by the Americas and EMEA. Revenue from acquisitions and ASC 606 was $396 million. Products and Systems Integration operating earnings were $1.1 billion or 21.7% of sales compared to 22.7% of sales in the prior year, driven by OpEx from acquisitions. For 2019, we expect operating margins to be up approximately 100 basis points and gross margins to be between 48% and 49%, which is comparable to 2018. Moving to the Services and Software segment. Q4 Services and Software revenue was $584 million, up $64 million or 12% from last year, driven by growth in every region and inclusive of $47 million of growth from acquisitions and ASC 606. Services and Software operating income in the quarter was $167 million or 28.6% of sales, up 340 basis points from last year, driven by organic gross margin expansion partially offset by higher OpEx from acquisitions. Some notable Q4 highlights in Services and Software include a $71 million services contract with Maricopa County, Arizona; the $29 million services contract from Cobb County, Georgia; a $26 million contract to provide Next-Gen 911 core services for a customer in North America; and a $16 million services contract in Australia. Additionally, we signed the Airwave network extension through the end of 2022 for $1.1 billion with additional services from local agencies to be added during 2019. And subsequent to quarter end, we acquired VaaS International Holdings, a leading global provider of data and image analytics for vehicle location. The equity used in the acquisition has been offset with share repurchases of $65 million in Q4 and $125 million in January of 2019. For the full year, Services and Software revenue was $2.2 billion, up $376 million or 20% with growth in all regions. Revenue from acquisitions and ASC 606 was $194 million. Services and Software operating earnings in 2018 were $631 million or 28.1% of sales compared to 25.7% in the prior year, driven by organic gross margin expansion and acquisitions. Looking at 2019, we continue to expect full year operating margins to be approximately 30% with gross margins of approximately 50%. Looking at regional results. Americas Q4 revenue was $1.6 billion, up 16% and growth in both segments. For the full year, the Americas revenue was $5.1 billion, up 17% with growth in both segments driven by acquisitions and organic growth. EMEA Q4 revenue was $491 million, up 24% and was also driven by growth in both segments. For the full year, EMEA revenue was $1.6 billion, up 18% with growth in both segments driven by acquisitions and organic growth. And Asia-Pac Q4 revenue was $202 million, down 5% on a declining Products and Systems Integration, partially offset by growth in Services and Software. For the full year, AP revenue was flat at $680 million with growth in Services and Software offset by a decline in Products and Systems Integration. Moving to backlog. Ending backlog was $10.6 billion, up $988 million or 10% compared to last year inclusive of a $205 million backlog revaluation due to unfavorable changes in currency rates. Services and Software backlog was up $1.1 billion or 18% compared to last year, driven by an increase of $613 million in the Americas and $537 million in EMEA related to Airwave. Sequentially, Services and Software backlog was up $1.2 billion also driven by growth in the Americas and the Airwave extension. Products and Systems Integration backlog was down $116 million or 3% compared to last year due primarily to two large system deployments in 2018 in the Middle East and Africa. The Americas backlog was up $14 million year-over-year. Sequentially, backlog was down $42 million driven by the same Middle East and Africa deployment. Segment backlog in the Americas was up $104 million sequentially. Turning to our Q1 outlook. We expect Q1 sales to be up approximately 11% with non-GAAP EPS between $1.11 and $1.16. This Q1 outlook assumes approximately $35 million of FX headwinds at current rates, approximately $140 million of revenue from acquisitions and effective tax rate of approximately 25% and approximately 174 million fully diluted shares. For the full year 2019, we expect revenue growth of 6% to 7% with non-GAAP EPS between $7.55 and $7.70. And full year operating cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.7 billion. This full year outlook assumes approximately $65 million of FX headwinds at current rates, approximately $230 million of revenue from acquisitions, an effective tax rate of approximately 25% and a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 175 million shares for the full year. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, 2018 was a record year for the company built on a strong foundation. We saw continued LMR growth led by North America and EMEA and Airwave has been extended through the end of 2022. Additionally, our Services and Software segment grew revenue and operating earnings double digits and we acquired key assets in video, software and analytics. Second, I think we’re very well positioned for another strong year in 2019 with our industry leading portfolio of LMR solutions, a comprehensive command center software suite and new video and analytics capabilities, all of which are supported by a growing services business. We serve customers in growth segments of large addressable markets. We have a strong team focused on consistent execution, a healthy balance sheet and durable growing cash flows that will drive continued shareholder returns over the long term. And finally, a year ago at our financial analyst meeting, I provided a view of driving the company toward what I’d called 8 and 8 in 2020, meaning approximately 8 billion in revenue and $8 plus in EPS. Today, I’d like to update that and tell you we’re now driving the company towards 9 and 10 in 2021, approximately 9 billion in revenue and approximately $10 of earnings per share by the end of 2021. This current view is constant from allocation framework. And with that, I’ll turn this call over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I’d like to remind everybody to please limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so we can accommodate the others. Operator, would you please remind everyone on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our first question of the day from Mr. Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Tim Long: Thank you. So just one question, I was hoping you could update – obviously there’s been a lot of movement and some acquisition in the command center in the software space and you had talked about a 400 million run rate there. Could you just talk a little bit about kind of the trajectory particularly as you’re adding more pieces on there? And then just on the follow up, Greg, more specifically for you, those more positive numbers for 2021. So just a talk a little bit about – obviously backlog’s good all over the place, so maybe just give us some color on what’s driving the much higher confidence, which pieces of the business are you seeing the most traction leading to those increased revenues and ETF numbers? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Yes, Tim, look, as I said, I think we’re really pleased with 2018 pretty much across the board both in the Products and SI segment as well as Services and Software. I think why we feel good about going into 2019 is the record backlog position strong entering Q1, general comparability of backlog '19 against '18, but a lot of strong demand drivers. We still see continued consistent demand. We’ve talked about organic constant currency growth a quarter ago. We thought it would be 4% first half of '18, 4% second half of '18 and 4% for the full year. We actually came in a little bit higher than that on an organic growth constant currency growth rate for revenue. And we expect comparable organic growth revenue of constant currency growth in '19 as well. I think the regions that will lead that are the Americas and EMEA as well as converting some of the backlog and of course the Avigilon asset continues to perform at or above our expectations. And as Jack mentioned last quarter, a huge addressable market, about 12 billion without China and we size that market growth growing at 5%. We’re targeting growing the Avigilon asset 3x that. So I think Jack has done a great job with his team of managing the asset, increasing sales coverage, investing in that business. So when I look at LMR, when I look at the command center software suite and the progress Andrew Sinclair and Kelly are making and then overall growth of Services and Software which we continue to believe is high-single digits, PS&I low single digits. But in '19 we’re going to grow revenue with the firm, we’re going to expand gross margin with the firm, we’re going to increase cash flow despite a higher effective cash tax rate, we’re going to grow our earnings per share, we’re going to grow operating margin. So I think the team has done a really good job and I think we’re well positioned as we sit here in February of '19.
Gino Bonanotte: Tim, this is Gino. The first part of the question was VaaS.
Tim Long: Just kind of updating the overall software standalone or command center, however you want to look at it, revenue rate comparable to the 400 million you were talking about?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes, I think that as you unpack the segment, we expect high-single digits for the segment of Services and Software. That comports the double digit growth of software and mid-single-digit growth of managed and support. On an annualized basis in '18, the business performed that way – actually I would say above expectations given acquisitions. But Tim as you comport that 400 million software and to lay out growth rate, think double-digit growth rate on that piece which feeds a high-single digit combined for the segment.
Tim Long: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go next to George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George Notter: Hi, guys. Thanks very much and congratulations on the good results. I guess I wanted to start by asking you about the government shutdown. Obviously it’s topical these days. I’m assuming you’ve had a minimal impact in your December quarter. And then maybe a little more impact you’d expect in Q1. But can you just talk about what mix of business comes from U.S. federal? And then what sort of impact are you seeing or do you expect to see Q4 and then now going into Q1 and beyond? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Hi, George. So first of all, any impact in Q1 has been implied obviously in our guidance and frankly we expect minimal impact. I think the second part of the question was related to the size of the federal business. It’s approximately 600 million but it’s important to note that it comes from multitude of different agencies. I think many companies in this space are defense and security. We do business with law enforcement, administration, FBI as well as providing base security as well. The last thing I would note is that our management support service business for the federal government, actually those contracts all come in largely in our fiscal Q3 which is aligned with the federal government’s close. So those things are already logged on the books. So to tie it altogether, minimal impact and we’ll have to see. No one can predict the future given the length but we expect minimal to no impact to Q1 and we’ll see how things play out in the rest of the year.
George Notter: Got it, okay. And then just as a quick follow up. I was just curious about Avigilon. So obviously you’re investing for growth in that business. You can see it in the margin performance. But when do you expect to start to see the revenue ramp there associated with those investments? And maybe just give us an update on where you’re investing and how that’s going? Thanks.
Jack Molloy: So, George, really our investment has been twofold. First of all, we fortified and expanded our enterprise sales force. So that’s the first thing. The second thing, we hired a team specifically to get after our revenue synergies in state and local and in federal government. Those teams were all hired by the end of the year. So the net of it I think as we think about it, the second half of the year is really when we think we’ll start to see the impact of those things because we have a lot of new hires in the enterprise space. And then as you heard me relate and I think you heard Greg and Gino discuss before, the government sales cycle in and of itself typically takes 12 months. And so we started those things in the back half of last year and I think we’ll start to see some positive impacts in the second half of '19.
George Notter: Great. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We’ll go next to Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Greg Brown: Vijay?
Operator: Vijay, your line is open. If you wouldn’t mind checking your mute function.
Vijay Bhagavath: Yes. Can you hear me?
Greg Brown: We can now.
Vijay Bhagavath: Okay. Sorry, the headset died. It’s amazing. So my question is, it’s great to see your confidence in the full year outlook, 6% to 7% versus expectations for around 5%. So help us understand, Greg, what are the drivers as detailed as you can be on what’s driving that confidence in that 6% to 7% number? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Well, you’re right. We expect 6% to 7% for the full year. I think in part, some of that top line comes, as I mentioned, from the backlog position and the record backlog position that we have exiting '18 coming into '19. Additionally, there’s top line revenues that are coming from acquisitions both Avigilon at least in Q1 in the sub period as well as PlantCML and VaaS. I think there’s a really good focus, Vijay, on both gross margin expansion to come with that top line growth as well as continued operating expense management. Well, OpEx is increasing for the firm. That’s largely driven by – it’s not entirely driven by acquisitions. But on the base business we continue to drive consistent efficiencies. So as I mentioned, I think demand in the state and local business, regionally what’s driving it, Vijay, is the Americas and EMEA. If I just aggregate it from a product view, Land Mobile Radio demand remains pretty solid for North America both in public safety as well as commercial customers and command center software continues to grow at double digits. I think people – we have low penetration, single digit penetration against the $5 billion addressable market. More and more people want to buy this suite of product that we’re developing, so demand is solid there and again, Avigilon, as Jack mentioned. And not only is it a good segment – look, video is in high demand. Everybody knows that both from a city or public safety standpoint as well as commercial. But it’s not just video. It’s video with machine learning, the appropriate analytics, the intelligence in the edge device, integrating it back into VMS and integrating it through our portfolio in the command center and what we do. So the good news is yes, we’re in video but I think our solution is particularly strong around its design of AI at the edge device and the way that we’re incorporating that back from an integration standpoint for our customers in the command center software. So that’s what I’d say.
Vijay Bhagavath: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Walter Piecyk with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Walter Piecyk: Thanks. Hi, Greg, there’s been a ton of noise since the last call about Chinese manufacturer I think even today. There was another one ripped out of a Nokia network. I’m just curious. As you’re kind of ramping the Avigilon business and talking to customers, is that something that’s resonating with enterprise customers as well as public safety and how do you think that plays out? Because I think there’s been some press about not only the manufacturers of some of these cameras being Chinese but even the components of other cameras that you wouldn’t necessarily think are Chinese maybe creating some concern for customers that could be an opportunity for you guys?
Greg Brown: No, I think you’re right, Walt. As you know, right, to back up, there’s obviously a growing concern about what I call Chinese electronics content through the lens of cellular, Hawaii, ZTE; through the lens of Land Mobile Radio, Hytera; and certainly in video concerns around Hikvision and Dahua and I mentioned them by name because they’re mentioned by name in the National Defense Authorization Act. They’re mentioned by name because our government has said that there is concerns around national security as it relates to those vendors. The government’s saying that, we’re not saying that, so we’re following it accordingly. Clearly that’s been official as Molloy and team going to the U.S. federal business. The NDAA takes effect in August of this year. Although since it’s out there with long sales cycles, I think it’s already being contemplated with purchases now even though it hasn’t gone into effect until August 13th. Your other question is right. It’s not just government agencies, it’s critical infrastructure. So whether it’s power grid or airports or transit or oil and gas, I think there is an effect where some customers are contemplating because critical infrastructure looks an awful lot like public safety and it gives some of our customers cause for pause. And your last point is also correct that it’s not just Chinese vendors but there are some critical Chinese components in other people’s product that this ban applies to. So all of that said, I think we continue to drive to be the preferred Western alternative and leader which we are in mission critical communications, command center software in video and all of the characteristics that you described both governmentally and in critical infrastructure, Walt, I think are favorable.
Walter Piecyk: And then just my follow-on question since Chris said we do get two. Enterprise, again, I think earlier you had mentioned that Avigilon is strengthening your enterprise sales capabilities. One of the acquisitions you’ve done historically have been adding more things to sell in the public safety and helping those good relationships with the customers. When we look at 2019 and 2020, is there going to be an opportunity to add things that also be – maybe they be enterprise – like I’m thinking like industrial IoT type applications where things that might not necessarily be the stronghold of public safety but it fuel maybe the enterprise base given you’ve got this sales force there now.
Greg Brown: Yes, I think that’s a possibility, Walt. If you take our VaaS acquisition and license plate recognition, there’s a part of that solution that is public safety centric but there’s also a part of that solution that’s deployed around commercial enterprise. So yes, I think we will look at acquisitions. We’re always evaluating acquisitions that make sense strategically and financially that would supplement the strength in clearly public safety but it may make sense to your point in the enterprise as well. Whether it be IoT or critical infrastructure, we’ll always keep an eye on that for those assets.
Walter Piecyk: In the interim, you’re just going to buy kind of stock back. You mentioned 125 so far. That’s obviously – you already hit our Q1 run rate. So in the absence of acquisitions just was share repurchase, right?
Greg Brown: Again, we’ve always talked about the capital allocation model which on a normalized basis we continue to follow. We used the majority of our capital last year to acquire companies. As we’re into 2019 we will pay back the 400 million or we intend to pay back the 400 million of short-term debt associated with the Avigilon acquisition. When you do that and over the course of the year given more available capital, again, today it contemplates buying maybe approximately 500 million of shares plus or minus which again is fungible between share repurchase and/or acquisition. But you’re right. We’ve gotten off to a solid start in Q1.
Walter Piecyk: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle: Okay. Thanks. Greg, I had a question before the call prepared to ask you about catalysts beyond 8 and 8, but I guess you preempted me on that. So I wanted to ask on the 9 --
Greg Brown: I anticipated your question.
Adam Tindle: Yes, you did. So 9 and 10, just wanted to kind of break it apart just starting with the 9 billion in revenue. You’ve seen nice revenue growth for a while. I think that implies like a high single digit revenue growth CAGR to 2021. We’re likely going to get questions on concerns that we’ve been enjoying and upgrade cycle, narrow banding, all that sort of stuff and lapping that. Understand the secular trends in Services and Software, but maybe just talk about what gives you the confidence on the Products and SI side to enable the sort of growth CAGR that you’re applying here?
Greg Brown: Well, so I think I’d say three things about the 9 and 10. Remember it’s not prescriptive guidance, it’s directional. It’s a current view and it’s contemplated within the capital allocation framework. In other words, it could very well be a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. So if not meant to be and necessarily unpacking some detailed three-year view, but as we’ve looked at it from a management team and incorporated both what’s in backlog and the drivers of the business across the segments for Services and Software as well as Products and SI, again, segment guidance thinking low-single digits P&SI; Software and Services high-single digits we think those respective growth rates are generally sustainable which informs our view of that three-year target. So that’s kind of the way to think about it and contextualize it.
Adam Tindle: Okay, that’s helpful. I think it also implies a strong double-digit profit dollar growth CAGR. Maybe just touch on as you thought about that plan, which segment do you see the most opportunity to expand margins to enable it?
Greg Brown: Well, in '19 we’re going to expand operating margins for both segments. For Kelly Mark’s group, the Services and Software, we talked about it a year ago and here we are. So we’re guiding to it specifically about gross margins of about 50% and operating margins of about 30%. On the PS&I segment, comparable gross margins of 48% to 49% but operating margin growth of 100 basis points on the bottom line. Over time, I think that Services and Software, given its profile and given its over time expansion in gross margins to be more software and multiyear services like, I think we have an opportunity to grow those margins over time which I think would clearly be beneficial to us.
Adam Tindle: Thanks and congrats and 2018.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Sami Badri with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you. My question only has to do with just contribution from VaaS and Avigilon. Did they contribute anything to your reported backlog in the quarter or very little for 2018?
Greg Brown: Well, Avigilon very little; nothing for VaaS. It was subsequent to quarter end.
Sami Badri: Got it. And then for Avigilon and VaaS as you think about these two businesses being integrated into your business and then offered across I guess you’d say the rest of the channel and the sales force that you have currently, would you describe the integration at least for Avigilon as somewhat completed or still in that cycle? And then for VaaS, could you give us an idea on when that would be considered fully integrated across every single sales person, every entity, et cetera?
Greg Brown: I would say Avigilon’s integration is largely completed and VaaS again dimensionalized of about 100 million of annual revenue, EPS neutral for '19. It’s a fairly small tuck-in, so I would expect us to have some run rate and rhythm of performance in a quarter or two.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Jim Suva: Thank you very much. I know you earlier talked about the federal government closure. The question is, is there any ripple effect positive or negative in kind of state and local governments whether it be election cycles or the federal government shutdowns and coming back or is the contract just so long-term nature they’re not impacted?
Greg Brown: Yes. As it applies in state and local, around nine years ago start and local government really kind of moved away from federal grants. There’s been kind of a suppressive effect on federal funding to the locals for public safety technology. So they stand alone. They budget their own dollars in a large part. And so the federal shutdown has no impact at all. State and local is fully operational. RFP activity, cutting purchase orders, et cetera, is normal course of activity right now.
Jim Suva: And then my follow up is any updates on the Airwave terms extensions, is it reflected in your backlog? How should we think about that if any changes?
Greg Brown: Thrilled about the Airwave extension. I tip my hat to Kelly Mark and Vincent Kennedy and his whole team is securing that extension again through the end of 2022. It’s about 1.1 billion that went into backlog and we expect another 300 million to 350 million of additional contracts, local entities that aggregate up that will go into backlog that those contracts get signed between now and the end of the year so that the 1.45 billion which was referenced by the customer is fully contracted for entering into the extension period. It is worth noting to your point that the terms and conditions are substantially similar to the original contract term for Airwave which I think is obviously good and a lot of hard work by a lot of people. So it’s good news.
Gino Bonanotte: Jim, just to be clear on the 1.1 billion into backlog. So as we think about year-over-year backlog increase in Services and Software, 1.1 billion was the Airwave extension, but in the backlog – the year ending backlog you have to offset the revenue that we realized in 2018 as well as a portion of the FX that we noted in our earlier comments, impact to backlog. So when you think about the Services and Software segment, the majority of the backlog increase was driven by the Americas, by North America. It’s about $550 million or so of backlog increase associated with Airwave just to be clear on that.
Greg Brown: It’s a great point, Gino.
Jim Suva: Thanks very much for the details and clarifications. That’s great. I appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We’ll take our next question from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein: Thanks, guys. First off, I was hoping Greg or Gino I think you all had referenced Avigilon the quarter before last as having accelerated from the 15% growth rate at the time of the acquisition earlier last year. I was hoping you can give us an update on where that growth rate is today? I heard you say that you’re expecting 15% or triple the 5% market rate, but again if you could update that. The bigger picture question is relative to the guidance you gave for calendar '19, where are the greatest opportunities for upside? Where are the greatest risks for the guidance provided? And one more, if I may, which is I heard you’re response to the last question about state and local. My specific question would be in their budgeting process sort of in the year and I recognize that public safety is somewhat unique, but do you already have visibility in most cases into those budgets? I assume they’re relatively healthy given the state of economy. But that’s the question. Do you already have that visibility? Thanks, guys.
Greg Brown: So I would say on Avigilon, again, credit to Jack Molloy and his team performed at or ahead of expectations for the planned period last year in '18, healthy double-digit growth. You’re right, again, articulating for '19 looking to 3x the market given the performance of and actions that Jack and team have taken to prepare us to go get and satisfy demand on the commercial as well as public safety side and U.S. federal side. Longer sales cycle, Jack mentioned, he sees that getting more traction in second half. So Avigilon tracking well. On risks and upside, I would just say I think all-in, I think our view is balanced. It’s probably worth noting that if I were to detail regional color, we see the growth being driven largely by North America or the Americas and EMEA, but we have a muted expectation for Asia-Pac or roughly flat. So I think that incorporates our realistic view at this point of that region. But I’d say from a risk and opportunities standpoint, all-in, it’s a balanced view at this point in time.
Gino Bonanotte: And, Paul, I think you last question was around state and local budgets and to answer your question, our team works very closely on both fronts. There’s operational budgets for state local governments and that would really encumber maintenance and support of networks. The secondary thing that’s also device refreshes and those kind of things. So we have good visibility on a consistent basis to those budgets. The second thing is our team particularly here in North America, Jim Mears' team works very closely with customers on large scale projects in terms of capital allocation request that we put through. So in terms of visibility I think our team around the room here is generally pleased. The sixth quarter rolling that we take, we obviously take a keen interest on not only what’s happening this quarter but on six quarters and visibility and pipeline for state and local government continues to look good.
Paul Silverstein: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Greg, can you provide a little bit color on the VaaS acquisition, perhaps dimensionalize the strategy behind the acquisition and perhaps the growth rate and where you expect synergies and the benefit going forward with that acquisition?
Greg Brown: Well, I think the VaaS acquisition is all about the importance of content. And it has the largest data base of license plates in North America. It’s a critical need component for public safety. And we have been talking to these folks for a number of months and feel it’s a natural tuck-in that matches the demand requirements of our customers. It improves our analytics capability. I think it integrates and simplifies our customers’ workflows. So I just think it makes a lot of sense. As we mentioned, it’s probably an additional – approximately 100 million in revenue in 2019, EPS neutral for the year, probably $0.01 negative in Q1 if you really want to disaggregate and get into the detail. But I like it because data is getting more and more important and this specific data is directly a high need one for our public safety North American customers.
Keith Housum: Got it. Do they go to market the same way as Motorola does? There will be synergies in the sales force?
Kelly Mark: We look to line up – this is Kelly, Keith. We look to line up their sales team working with our team closely. They also use some partners. So there are similarities to the way we go to the market. And in regards to selling their solution, it will fit right into our command center software selling motions that happen with Jack’s team.
Keith Housum: Great. And then just a follow-up question here. As mentioned, you want to be able to grow gross margins throughout the year. I guess if you could just fill us in on a little bit of strategy how you’re going to do that? Is there efficiencies in getting a manufacturing process or through pricing? How do you plan on raising gross margins?
Greg Brown: In both segments, either segment, Keith?
Keith Housum: Both segments.
Greg Brown: Okay. So let’s take the Services and Software segment first. A large part of the margin expansion in 2018 and a significant portion moving forward into 2019 is related to our underlying software business and improvements we’ve made in delivering, closing out prior projects. In the government sector – I’m sorry, in the Products and Systems Integration segment gross margin improvements, there’s several initiatives around gross margin from SKU reductions to rationalizations in the supply chain as well as some targeted price actions within that segment.
Gino Bonanotte: And I think for both segments, Andrew Sinclair on the software side and Jack’s team with [indiscernible] and Scott Mottonen I think that we continue to get efficiencies around platforming of these businesses, both platforming infrastructure, platforming LMR devices and platforming command center software. And those efficiencies are reflected in the gross margin expansion for Services and Software and some of the operating margin expansion planned for PS&I.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Good luck.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster: Thank you for taking my questions. Two quick ones. I’m wondering if you could give us a little bit of help on projecting out the segment level revenue for 2019. I’ve seen obviously the baskets loaded into the Software and Services business. Perhaps you can sort of elaborate a little bit for us.
Gino Bonanotte: Sure. Paul, this is Gino. Really it’s consistent with what we’ve said about the longer term guidance; Products and Systems Integration at low-single digit growth and Services and Software at high-single digit growth. Now that’s a longer-term view but in general that’s our view of the growth of both segments.
Paul Coster: Okay. Thank you. And then if I may ask the Airwave questions a slightly different way. I think in the past we’ve thought of it as a $400 million to $500 million revenue per annum contract and I wasn’t quite sure with the 1.1 billion whether we should cut that back a little bit or was there some kind of adjustments that we had to make based upon what Greg was saying earlier on that gets us back into that $400 million to $500 million zone, or perhaps I was just simply wrong?
Gino Bonanotte: No, the total number associated with the Airwave extension is 1.45 billion. 1.1 billion is contracted for already and has fed into backlog. We expect subsequent 300 million to 350 million in local contracts executed over the balance – over the next several months. So the Airwave extension three years through the end of 2022, Paul, is that’s a very substantially similar terms on the original deal. So that’s a favorable outcome for us.
Paul Coster: Yes, got it. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to dive in a little bit on the command center. How would you say you’re progressing on the creation of a broader products suite and can you talk a little bit about the sales cycle of that motion in customers? What’s the duration? How does it compare to what you’ve seen traditionally in LMR? How does it compare to Avigilon? Thanks.
Kelly Mark: So on the command center, the progress – we’re very pleased with the progress we’re making. The focus of the strategy in the command center has been around three things. First off, it’s around consolidating the platforms across the various product suites that touch every component of the workflow. The second component is around integrating the suites so that there’s a clear flow of information, a common user interface, pieces of records that come in from the 911 call taker will then automatically be handed to the CAD operator and then automatically handed to the command center and then subsequently into records. And the third thing is moving the platform to be cloud ready on the user platform so it’s prepared to be sold as a service. So we’re very pleased at what we’re seeing. As we sell the command center software, I’ll let Jack talk a little bit about the sales cycle. But when we sell brand new software engagements right now, roughly you can think about 25% of those are suite sales. But that’s not the thing that we are really looking at. When we engage our customers, most of our customers that we engage have a piece of software in the command center already. And the elegance of the suite is it makes the subsequent piece as a software that we sell in there all the more attractive based on the common user interface and the interface of data that helps make their workflow operate much, much smoother and hence provides them to be able to provide better outcomes to their customers. So, Jack, I don’t know if you want to talk a little bit about the sales cycle that we see as we engage.
Jack Molloy: Sure, Kelly. So I would just piggyback on that to say that the selling motion is typical of a government CapEx project, typically 12 to 24 months. The difference with command center software and Kelly just noted it is there’s a level of tangibility because it’s a constant. It’s a 24/7 environment whereby they are dealing with the technology. Why this suite approach makes sense from our customers’ standpoint? This is big. It’s because when you go in and do an upgrade of these networks, it’s pretty intensive in terms of the work that’s done. It’s disruptive in the 24/7 environment. So the more than you can get to a common user experience, which is exactly what Kelly and Andrew and team are doing, we think it will make the lives of frankly our dispatchers and 911 call takers much more simple. But again tying it back, similar to a large scale radio network, 12 to 24 months is the sales cycle and we’re engaged now on 2019, '20 and beyond projects.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to return the floor back to Mr. Chris Kutsor.
Chris Kutsor: Thank you, operator. That will conclude it for today. Thanks everybody.
Greg Brown: Thank you.
Operator: This will conclude today’s program. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Joshua Kehoe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to our 2018 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President & CFO; Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Products & Sales; and Kelly Mark, Executive Vice President, Services & Software. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Jack and Kelly will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call, and the Risk Factors section of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris, good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll now share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q3 was another strong quarter. We grew revenue 13%, grew EPS 27%, and generated more cash compared to last year on continued strength in both segments. Second, I'm encouraged with our continued backlog growth, which is up over $0.5 billion compared to last year, and now sits at a Q3 record ending $9.5 billion, and does not yet include over $2 billion of expected backlog, related to the Airwave and ESN extensions, or the State of Florida award. And finally, based on our Q3 performance, we're raising our earnings outlook again for the full year. We now expect earnings per share to be in the range of $7 to $7.05. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q3 includes revenue of $1.9 billion, up 13% from last year, including $145 million of revenue from acquisitions, and $19 million of revenue related to the adoption of accounting standard ASC 606. Organic revenue, which excludes acquisitions and the accounting changes, was up 4% in constant currency. GAAP operating earnings were $294 million, down $53 million from last year, due to an increase to a legacy environmental reserve. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $452 million, up $40 million, or 10% from the year-ago quarter on higher revenue. Operating margins were 24.3% of sales, down 70 basis points from last year, due to acquisitions. GAAP earnings per share were $1.43, up 14% from $1.25 last year. Non-GAAP EPS was up $1.94, up 27% from $1.53 last year on higher revenue and earnings, as well as a lower tax rate. Ending backlog was $9.5 billion, a Q3 record, and was up $572 million, or 6% compared to last year. Products and Systems Integration backlog was up $277 million, or 9%, and Services and Software backlog was up $295 million, or 5%. Q3 Products and Systems Integration revenue was $1.3 billion, up 10%, primarily on acquisitions and organic growth in North America. Q3 Products and SI operating earnings were $276 million, or 21.4% of sales, down 290 basis points from last year, primarily on higher OpEx related to acquisitions and lower gross margins associated with systems integration on a few large projects. We expect full-year 2018 operating margins for the segment to be approximately 21%. Products and SI segment backlog ended the quarter at $3.3 billion, up $277 million, or 9% versus last year, with growth in all regions. Sequentially, Products and SI backlog was up $118 million, or 4%. Q3 Services and Software revenue was $574 million, up $103 million, or 22% from last year, with growth in every region. This includes $49 million from acquisitions. Services and Software operating earnings were $176 million, or 30.7% of sales, up 370 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and favorable gross margin mix. We expect full-year 2018 operating margins for the segment to be approximately 28%, and continue to expect full-year 2019 margins of approximately 30%. Services and Software backlog ended at $6.2 billion, up $295 million, or 5% versus last year, driven by the Americas and Asia-Pac. Sequentially, Services and Software backlog is down 1%, including approximately $135 million of Airwave revenue recognition. Total OpEx in Q3 was $464 million, up $78 million from the year-ago quarter, due to acquisitions and ASC 606. For the full year, we continue to expect OpEx of approximately $1.8 billion. Other income and expense was $43 million, compared to $41 million in the year-ago quarter. Net interest expense was $59 million, compared to $52 million a year ago. The Q3 effective tax rate was 18% compared to 30% last year, due to 2017 tax reform, return to provision adjustments booked in the quarter, and tax benefits related to share-based compensation. Turning to cash flow, Q3 operating cash flow was $338 million, compared to $270 million last year. The increase was driven by higher earnings and improved working capital. We continue to expect approximately $1.4 billion in operating cash flow for the year, excluding the $500 million pension contribution in Q1. Free cash flow was $292 million. Capital expenditures were lower by $39 million compared with last year on lower spending in IT and real estate. Additionally, we repurchased 20% of the Silver Lake convertible note for $369 million. The $200 million of principal was repaid in early Q4 with new senior unsecured debt, and the $169 million conversion premium was paid with cash in Q3. We also fully repaid the remaining $300 million revolving credit facility associated with the Avigilon acquisition, $200 million was repaid during the quarter, and $100 million was paid subsequent to quarter-end. Additionally, we currently expect to repay the $400 million bank term loan associated with the Avigilon acquisition in 2019. Looking at regional results, Americas revenue was up 16% and growth in both segments. The region saw strong demand for LMR products and services, command center software, and video solutions. Q3 backlog is up approximately $480 million year-over-year. EMEA revenue was up 12% and was also driven by growth in both segments. Q3 backlog is down approximately $100 million compared to last year, inclusive of over $500 million of Airwave revenue recognition. And in Asia-Pac, revenue was down 1%, with growth in Services and Software offset by Products and SI. Backlog is up approximately $200 million. Turning to our outlook, we expect Q4 sales to be up approximately 13%, with non-GAAP EPS between $2.50 and $2.55. This assumes $25 million of FX headwinds at current rates, a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 173 million shares, and an effective tax rate of approximately 25%. For the full year, we continue to expect revenue growth of approximately 14.5%. We now expect non-GAAP EPS of $7.00 to $7.05, up from $6.79 to $6.89. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 22.5%. Our guidance reflects an expectation of minimal impacts from tariffs, given our very limited exposure to China. Finally, I'd like to end with some notable highlights. During the quarter, we were awarded a contract valued at over $50 million to replace an existing TETRA network in Europe; a $21 million P25 network and device order from the City of Indianapolis and Marion County, Indiana; an $18 million order from Chesterfield County in Virginia to upgrade our computer-aided dispatch and records management solution, providing a unified experience across emergency call handling, command and control, and management – the management of records and evidence; and a $19 million 10-year contract from the City of Las Vegas for our CommandCentral Vault digital evidence management solution. CommandCentral Vault integrates with our customers' existing software applications for computer-aided dispatch and records management, and now consolidates evidence and content from a wide variety of sources into a single platform. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, I'm very pleased with our Q3 results that were led by North America. We see strong demand across land mobile radio products, services and software, and the Avigilon acquisition continues to perform ahead of our expectations. Second, I like our momentum in the Services and Software segment. Q3 was another strong quarter for our Services business as well, and we're seeing continued traction with recent command center wins that highlight the power of our end-to-end software suite. And while there's more work to do, I remain excited about the recurring revenue, margin expansion, and earnings potential of this segment going forward. And finally, as I look ahead, I feel good about our competitive position. We have a compelling portfolio serving vibrant segments of large addressable markets. We have a strong team focused on consistent execution, a healthy balance sheet, and durable growing cash flows that provide flexibility for continued shareholder returns. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up, so that we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hey, thanks a lot, guys. Hey, I wanted to maybe start off by looking at the Q4 guidance. If I look at your revenue guidance, the tax rate, shares, earnings, seems to imply something like a 28% operating margin. And as I look back to a year ago or even two years ago, you guys were operating at somewhat higher operating margins in Q4. I get it. It's a seasonally strong quarter, but can you walk through kind of where that operating margin kind of math looks in your eyes? Is that 28% number about right? And then is it conservatism, or is it some of the costs you're carrying with some of these M&A deals? Just kind of talk through profitability there, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, George, this is Gino. That looks about right, and I'll remind you that at the acquisitions, operating margin percentage is down obviously. Earnings are up, it's related to acquisitions and a little bit of ASC 606 as well.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Okay. Got it. And then on the tax rate, we kind of talked about it, a little bit higher tax rate than you guys put up certainly here in Q4, and then I think maybe even your modeling for Q3 and then what you're modeling for Q4. Can you just talk about kind of what's going on in tax rate and how you see the outlook there going forward? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, from a tax rate perspective, maybe it's instructive to start with Q3. So Q3, 18% versus 30% last year. About half of that, George, is related to the tax legislation. The other half is split between return to provision estimate and deemed dividends and stock compensation. So as we look forward, we guided the 22.5% ETR for the full year, and as we look into next year a little bit, the tax rate, our expectation is somewhere 24% to 25%. So, Q3 was a little bit lower rate based on those couple of items.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Great. Okay. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks and good evening. I just wanted to start, first acknowledge that Q3 profit dollar growth was still very solid, but non-GAAP OpEx is growing faster than gross profit dollars, and guidance suggests this will continue. Maybe you could just talk about the drivers to this and how you think about the timing to reverse this trend. It sounds like there's some leverage on operating margin in Services and Software, but maybe touch on Products margin as well, since it looks like that's where the margins have been declining. And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Adam, this is Gino. So we'll start from an OpEx perspective. Really, the increase is related to acquisitions. There's also a little bit of the ASC 606, but it's acquisition-related, and clearly, as we continue to grow revenue in those acquisitions, that will offset the incremental OpEx. The base business, the expectations haven't changed from the beginning of the year. We continue to drive cost reductions frankly in the base business, offset by increases in OpEx. From a – the second part of the question was operating margin for PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (17:38). Yeah, so the way to think about PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (17:42) is obviously PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (17:44) now includes Systems Integration, and it also includes some of the acquisitions and the additional costs in the acquisitions, both from a [ph] VGM (17:55) perspective, and frankly, from a gross margin perspective as well based on current volumes. So we do expect PS&I (sic) [P&SI] (18:03) gross margin to expand, and we expect to end the year – I think I mentioned in my prior comments – to end the year at approximately 21%. We expect that to expand anywhere between 100 and 200 basis points in 2019.
Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up, Greg, I wanted to ask a little bit more on Software. How integrated is that business into the rest of the company? I know you've got some new segmentation, would imagine there's some separation there, and if the market's not giving you credit for it, would you think about strategic optionality, whether that's an IPO or a sale or something like that?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No, I think, Adam, it's pretty integrated with our business. And I think it's – I think of the Software and I think about the critical importance driven by command center software. So, I think of three legs of the stool, I think of our land mobile radio business, I think of our command center software business, and I think of our video business through Avigilon, and then services that integrate or wrap around all three. So as we've said, that segment is pretty much a proxy for recurring revenue of the firm. I think Andrew Sinclair on the Software side, Kelly obviously inherits now the entire segment with Bruce Brda's retirement. I feel good about this segment and its integration and interrelatedness with our business as a whole, and you saw the strong performance in Q3, and as Gino talked about, I think there's gross margin and operating margin expansion for sure in 2019, and quite frankly, beyond. So, I think it's a very key part of our strategy, and I think about it in an integrated way from a company perspective.
Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it, thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good evening, gentlemen. Thanks for the opportunity to get a question here. Just as we think about Avigilon, it's been in your hands now about six months, two quarters and plus some, just thoughts on how that business is progressing. Obviously there's been some challenges within the Chinese competitors, given there's a lot of (20:13) competitive advantage, but a little bit color on how that business is doing, and thoughts about it going forward.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Keith, It's Jack. So in terms of Avigilon, obviously we announced the acquisition in early February this year, through two quarters, a little bit more than two quarters of business, frankly has exceeded our expectations. So the market's about $12 billion ex-China, which has been growing at a 5% growth rate. We're essentially tripling that growth rate in the market. We are making investments in go-to-market, and continue to make investments in the portfolio as well, and we see continued leverage and growth for that business into 2019. So it's performing very well.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And I'd add that – especially with the recent legislation around the National Defense Authorization Act, that prohibits the procurement of Chinese content with video surveillance, specifically Hikvision and Dahua, the opportunity is even greater than we've originally thought, I think, both for the Federal market, for sure, and we haven't had any traction, so to speak, given the sales cycle on state and local. So I'm pleased with the way Jack is running it. Remember, we're operating it as a fully contained subsidiary, but it's also important to note we're investing. We're investing in go-to-market distribution, and we're investing in development to further extend our portfolio and product lead. Feel very good about that acquisition.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. All right, just for a follow-up to change gears slightly here for the ESN, how should we think about the ESN and when you might be able to monetize that? Is there anything that we can look at as factors about when it will start?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So we still anticipate signing a contract for Airwave, ESN extensions. We're targeting by the end of the year. I mentioned that in my backlog comment. None of that is – the extension piece are not reflected in backlog. Airwave is about – and I know you talked about ESN, but just to put a marker down, Airwave is about $1.45 billion through that three-year extension. And ESN, the extension, what they call the CAN Agreement (22:38), would be signed at the same time. I think our expectations for ESN specifically, which is your question, is reasonably modest for 2019. I think it will take some traction to get utilization and final definition and agreement, but the Airwave extension is pretty cut and dry and clear for that three-year monetization of $1.45 billion. A lot of great work by the team here with the UK Home Office. Feel good about both of those deals.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citi. Please go ahead.
Joshua Kehoe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, this is Josh Kehoe on for Jim. Thanks for taking our questions. Can you provide some more detail on what drove the year-over-year growth in Americas and EMEA? And are you seeing any heightened competitive pressure in APAC?
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay, Josh. So, obviously, for the Americas, continued, really it's across the board. I mean, great performance in both Product (sic) [Products] (23:40) and SI. We've grown and that's the LMR portfolio both to the government and commercial space, as well as Avigilon. And then the Software and the Services business, really that North America's the anchor point of that business, and it performed very well in Q3, really it's performed very well all year. So obviously, backlog is up 9% there, but good traction in the Americas. In EMEA, it's really been the story of Avigilon, and then the Products and Systems Integration, they're up as well. So pretty balanced story in both of our largest theaters really. And Asia-Pac, frankly, the business has performed. We've grown in Asia-Pac this year. In fact, we plan to grow every theater that we operate within, but we've had some pressure in China, frankly, but I would remind everybody that our largest business in Asia-Pac is Australia. Australia performs exceptionally well for us. Australia, in fact, is really, frankly, more than twice as big as China for us in the region. That's our anchor tenancy in Asia-Pac, and so a little bit of competition in China and the surrounding area, but frankly, we continue to perform well in Asia-Pac as well.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, and I think that's the key. I think our Asia-Pac strategy is led largely by Australia. As it relates to China, and as anticipated, it's not really significant against the overall composition of the firm. China represents about 2% of our overall revenue. We have about 170 employees in Mainland China, and as a part of a very concerted multiyear effort, we do not do manufacturing in China. We don't do product development. It is more about sales and sales support and go-to-market distribution.
Joshua Kehoe - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And are you seeing any change in the duration of your backlog? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No, Josh. This is Gino. No change to the duration of our backlog as we began offering the service – multiyear service offering. So we did see a little bit of a duration extension in Services, as that represented revenue that would be realized over multiple years. But no change certainly in 2018 to our expectation of the duration of backlog in either Products and Systems Integration, or in Services and Software.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, hey, good afternoon, Gino and Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: How are you?
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: My question's on – I had just a bigger picture question. The software Command/Control in the context of managed services and also the Avigilon business are clearly the pillars or the drivers of growth heading into next year and over the next few years. So give us just some qualitative lens of how should we think of these two important growth drivers as we head into the new year. Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, actually, I think we're growing across pretty much all of our platforms. You talked about Software and Services and Avigilon, but I'm very pleased with the land mobile radio business as well. Look, we're not going to guide specifically on 2019, but the way we think about it currently is the segment of Product (sic) [Products] (27:11) and Systems Integration is generally a low-single-digit revenue growth business. Services and Software, all-in, is a high-single-digit business. And our current thinking, I feel very good about our momentum, feel very good about our record Q3 backlog, but our current thinking is organic revenue growth constant currency next year can be comparable to this year. And that's with about $80 million of FX headwinds for next year, and that current thinking also contemplates no meaningful FirstNet revenue contribution next year. Now, having said that, from a linearity standpoint, we always have Q1 being much lighter than normal, as we look at the full year, and I think that that kind of performance for 2019 will be comparable to 2018. But that's our current thinking.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Very helpful. A quick follow-on for...
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Vijay, this is Gino. Just very quickly, the preponderance of that FX headwind is in the first half next year.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Good point.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Gino, a quick follow-on on how should we think and what's your thought process on OpEx as percentage of revenue once again heading into next year? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, so Vijay, I'm not sure we're going to guide on all the elements of 2019, but I think you can expect more of the same. As Jack and Greg both mentioned, investments in the acquisition, specifically in Avigilon in terms of go-to-market and in terms of R&D, but you can continue to expect very rigorous and disciplined attention to OpEx as we go forward into 2019. And on the next call, we'll give you a more detailed view of what 2019 looks like.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Vijay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. Couple of picayune ones, please. Amongst the pro forma adjustments, there's an environmental reserve expense, I see that some other charge number jumps this quarter. Is this something that we'll see more of? Perhaps you can just give us some sense of what this is about and characterize it (29:41)?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Paul, this is Gino. No, you should not expect to see any more. This is a longstanding EPA site related to one of our legacy businesses in Scottsdale, Arizona. And really, what it represents is, if you look at the $57 million, about $20 million is additive costs, but from a cost perspective per year in 2019, the additive cost is about $800,000. So the cost is really related to an extension beyond 2039 of monitoring that we need to do in Scottsdale, both groundwater and vapor intrusion monitoring. And then there's also a change in the discount rate that we used. So from a cash perspective, you shouldn't expect any different cash-out position anywhere in the near term, and certainly we don't expect any additional reserves on this particular item going forward.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, got it. And then we got this $25 million quarter of reorganization charges. So I think that was in both 2Q and 3Q. How long does this go on for? Why should we consider it sort of one-time in nature rather than an ongoing expense?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, it's really related to restructuring, Paul, and certainly we don't expect, for the organizations that we restructured, we don't expect that to recur again. So that's why it's in the column (31:28).
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So that's done. So we shouldn't see that again after this point?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Certainly, I mean there may be other restructuring we may do, but certainly not the restructuring that we did in Q2 and Q3.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. All right. Thank you very much. That's helpful.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Certainly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Just wanted to ask on the LMR business, just a two-parter there and then a follow-on for Gino. Just, the Florida deal was obviously a large one. Any other big deals out there that are being contemplated at this time? And related to that, any – I think in the past quarter or two, you've talked about some new product launches or opportunities in the LMR area, any comments on that? And then just follow-on for Gino, as we continue to move to a little bit more Software here, when should we start to see a little bit more inflection or improvement in the gross margin line? Thank you.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Tim, it's Jack. I'll take the first one and then pass the baton to Gino. So first of all, I think the first part of the question was related to big deals. Obviously, in Greg's intro, we talked about the State of Florida, which is frankly the biggest state-wide project. It was a legacy Harris customer that we've been awarded. So we have that and we have multiple other state-wide upgrades that we're in pursuit of. The LMR project business remains, frankly, it's very robust. I would tether that comment to the fact that the team's executed very well with the portfolio that we've got a couple new product introductions. We have not announced the new product yet, but both from a command center software, we've got a lot on the horizon there, but also some nice things here in 2019 related to our devices as well. So, the sales team is very poised, very excited to take that to market. But so I think the culmination of the market drivers, state and local revenue receipts being up, very good Federal budget situation for us, coupled with new product on the horizon, it's exciting times, I think, in the Project 25 and PCR business.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Tim, this is Gino. On gross margin, the question was specific to Services and Software, is that correct?
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yes. Yeah, it's kind of just overall, but, yeah, particularly in – as that mix improves, how do we think about (34:06)...
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So let me start with Services and Software. We clearly expect gross margin expansion in 2018 versus last year, 250 basis points. And we expect continued expansion into 2019. We talked about our expectation for operating margin to be approximately 30% in 2019 versus 28% in 2018. That's a combination of both, but we clearly expect to see continued margin expansion as we move forward in Services and Software. And that will result in margin expansion overall as well.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tim.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: That will conclude today's call. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Walter Piecyk - BTIG LLC Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. William Fitzsimmons - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be made available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2018 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products & Solutions; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales & Services. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q2 was another outstanding quarter of revenue growth and cash generation. We grew 18% with organic growth of 6%, led by another very strong performance in the Americas. Additionally, we generated $425 million of operating cash during the quarter. Second, our outlook. We're raising both, revenue and EPS guidance for the full year, including $40 million of unfavorable currency impact since our last update. And finally, we ended the quarter with backlog of $9.4 billion, up 11% from last year, which is our highest backlog ever posted at the end of a second quarter. This strong backlog position coupled with our Avigilon acquisition provides excellent momentum for the remainder of 2018 and beyond. And now, I'll turn the call over to Gino to provide additional operational details on Q2 results and outlook before returning for a few – some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. First, let me briefly cover the change in our segment reporting. The new segments are Products and Systems Integration, and Services and Software. The change consists of moving Systems Integration from our former Services segment into the newly presented Products and Systems Integration segment and moving Software from our former Products segment into the new Services and Software segment. Services and Software is comprised primarily of recurring revenue. This includes Managed & Support Services, public safety and enterprise command center software, video softwares and unified communications applications such as our Kodiak and WAVE solutions. A reconciliation of the reporting segment changes can be found in the 8-K filing. Moving to results. Q2 revenue was $1.8 billion, up 18% from last year, including $154 million of revenue from acquisitions and $24 million of revenue related to the adoption of accounting standard ASC 606. Organic revenue, which excludes acquisitions and the accounting changes, was up 6%, including $26 million of favorable FX. Organic revenue in constant currency was up 4%. GAAP operating earnings were $273 million, up $12 million from last year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $378 million, up $62 million or 20% from the year ago quarter. And operating margin was 21.5% of sales, up 40 basis points from last year. GAAP earnings per share were $1.05, up 35% from $0.78 last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.46, up 30% from $1.12 last year. Ending backlog was $9.4 billion, up $919 million from last year. Products and Systems Integration backlog was up $367 million or 13%, and Services and Software backlog was up $552 million or 10%. Q2 Products and Systems Integration sales were $1.2 billion, up $142 million or 14%, including $115 million from acquisitions and ASC 606. Avigilon and LMR growth in the Americas drove the increase. Q2 Products and Systems Integration segment operating income was $226 million or 19% of sales, down 50 basis points from last year on higher OpEx related to acquisitions, partially offset by higher gross margins. Products and Systems Integration segment backlog ended the quarter at $3.1 billion, up $367 million or 13% from last year, driven by the Americas and EMEA. Sequentially, Products and SI backlog was up $5 million, inclusive of approximately $20 million of unfavorable currency adjustments. Turning to Services and Software. Q2 Services and Software revenue was $571 million, up $121 million or 27% from last year with growth in every region. This includes $57 million from acquisitions. Services and Software operating income was $152 million or 26.6% of sales, up 170 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and gross margin, partially offset by higher OpEx related to the acquisitions and our organic R&D investments in the software platform. We expect margins to improve in 2019 and beyond in both Services and Software. Services and Software backlog ended at $6.3 billion, up $552 million or 10% from last year, driven by the Americas and Asia Pac. Sequentially, Services and Software backlog is down approximately 3% or $200 million, which includes a $170 million unfavorable FX adjustment and $138 million of Airwave revenue recognition. Total OpEx in Q2 was $463 million, up $85 million from the year ago quarter, driven by acquisitions and ASC 606. For the full year, we continue to expect OpEx of approximately $1.8 billion versus $1.5 billion last year, driven by OpEx related to acquisitions and the adoption of ASC 606. Other income and expense was $44 million, compared to $39 million in the year ago quarter. Net interest expense was $58 million, compared to $51 million a year ago. And the Q2 effective tax rate was 25%. Turning to cash flow, Q2 operating cash flow was $425 million, up from $173 million last year. The increase is a result of improved working capital and higher earnings. Free cash flow was $384 million. Capital expenditures were lower by $12 million compared with last year as a result of lower IT spend related to the ERP implementation completed last year. Normalized for pension, we expect approximately $1.4 billion in operating cash flow for the year. During Q2, we repaid $100 million of the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility ahead of schedule. This leaves an outstanding balance of $300 million, which we expect to repay by the end of the year. Additionally, during the second quarter, we used $40 million to pay off and close the revolver assumed in the Avigilon acquisition and we paid dividends of $84 million. Turning to outlook. We expect Q3 sales to be up approximately 13% with EPS between $1.67 and $1.72 based on 173 million fully diluted shares. For the full year, we are raising our revenue and EPS guidance, including $40 million in unfavorable currency impact since our last guidance. We now expect revenue growth of approximately 14.5%, up from approximately 14%. And we now expect EPS in the range of $6.79 to $6.89, up from our prior guidance of $6.70 to $6.85. This full year outlook assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 25%. Looking at regional results, Americas revenue was up 21%, inclusive of $115 million from acquisitions. The Americas' growth was driven by strong demand for LMR products and services, as well as video surveillance. Q2 backlog is up approximately $800 million year-over-year. EMEA revenue was up 15% across both segments, driven primarily by acquisitions and FX. Backlog was up in Products and Systems Integration and down in Services and Software, driven by FX and Airwave revenue recognition. In Asia Pac, revenue was up 4%, driven primarily by favorable FX rates. Backlog was up approximately $200 million compared to last year. Finally, I'd like to end with some notable highlights. In our Products and Systems Integration segment, we were awarded a $71 million P25 system upgrade in Northern Africa; a $35 million P25 expansion for the New South Wales Telco Authority in Australia; a $15 million P25 system replacement for Flagler County, Florida; and a $495 million five-year IDIQ contract with the U.S. Army to provide P25 devices, accessories and services. In our Services and Software segment, we were awarded a $50 million multi-year support agreement for a large county-wide system in the U.S.; a $41 million command center upgrade in Asia, including a 10-year services agreement; and a $16 million multi-year managed services renewal in Chile. These awards are additional proof points of the long-term critical value that our LMR platform provides customers around the world. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few final thoughts. First, our Q2 results were outstanding. The 6% organic growth and record Q2 ending backlog were driven by the continued demand for our LMR platforms, which now total approximately 13,000 systems worldwide. Second, the Avigilon acquisition is exceeding our expectations with Q2 growth in the high-teens and is supported by a growing addressable market that's now approximately $12 billion, excluding China. Additionally, I'm encouraged by our progress in bringing Avigilon into new routes to market with our government direct sales team and our existing MSI channel partners, many of which historically sold competitive video products. And finally, our Services and Software segment has been an area of significant focus. We've expanded our services installed base and we're building the only end-to-end public safety command center platform in the industry. I expect Services and Software to continue to grow at a faster rate than Products and Systems Integration. The Services and Software segment is now basically – it's effectively a proxy for recurring revenue going forward. And finally, I expect to drive meaningful operating margin expansion in this segment in 2019 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up, so we get to as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Our first question is coming from Walter Piecyk of BTIG.
Walter Piecyk - BTIG LLC: Thanks. Two questions. Just can you size the Hytera band in terms of, if they can't sell in the market, what you think that provides in terms of incremental revenue? And then also – well, hold on. Excuse me, and then also could you talk about any opportunities that are out there to buy new service businesses that are out there in terms of driving incremental recurring revenue? Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Walter, how are you doing? As it relates to Hytera, first of all, we're very pleased with the progress on Hytera. We won a court ruling in the ITC in July and we recently won a ruling in Germany and Mannheim federal court for patent infringement. As you probably know, just a few weeks ago, less than 10 days ago, we filed an additional copyright infringement lawsuit, which basically is effectively than copying source codes. So, we will hold them accountable. We will do whatever we need to do to protect our IP and we feel very good about the progress we're making. We haven't sized, to your specific question, the potential upside. It's worth noting there's nothing in 2018 that's been modeled as potential upside and ultimately what's decided. We also have a pending lawsuit in Düsseldorf, where our General Counsel, Mark Hacker, is there now. And we have a lawsuit against them in Australia. What I will say is our PCR business, which is where we compete with them head to head, is growing robustly. I think Molloy's team domestically and internationally continue to take ground and maybe that's a byproduct of that. I don't know but that's my view on Hytera. In terms of acquisitions, we'll continue to keep an eye out on the services' side and the video side. You've probably heard me refer to we're always looking for "many Airwaves". There might be one or two that materialize this year, hard to say, but we're always looking given our scale economies and what we've done under Kelly Mark to see if we can add more for expanded earnings and operating margin. So, we'll continue to evaluate accordingly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath of Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Hey, good afternoon. Yeah, hi, Greg, Gino. Two questions quickly. One would be on constant currency organic growth rate, if you could comment on that for this year? And then a quick follow on would be Avigilon, the strategic asset, Gino, any update on that in terms of how is it ramping here in the U.S. market? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Vijay. On organic growth constant currency, our view remains unchanged for the full year. We've talked about it being about 4% for the full year. Actually, given where we are through the strong first half and our guidance contemplated in the second half, it's probably slightly higher than that on an annual basis for organic growth constant currency. So, we feel pretty good with that. And that's in the face of growing backlog, so I think that that combination is a good one.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. And a quick Avigilon update?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I mean I'll let Jack – Avigilon is going ahead of our business plan, internally ahead of our expectations. I think Jack and team have done a very good job. It's all about getting them new routes to market. They have a world-class product, 800 plus patents, a great patent portfolio. And the combination gives them exposure to state and local public safety, expanded commercial markets. The federal business, which I think could be quite substantial, probably our largest opportunity at least in the near term. And I think it's going well.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Greg. I think the only thing I'd follow on to that is the thing, Vijay, we've been most impressed with their speed of product deliverables. I mean they came out with anomaly detection here in the last 60 days. There's more to follow, so good news there. And I think as Greg said, our fundamental role is to bring them scale, to bring them coverage not only in North America as Greg said with the federal, state, and local business, but as we look to our international distribution partners, our international sales teams in places like the UK, bring them incremental scale in terms of routes to market. And that's really been the full focus here in the last 90 days.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long of BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Two questions if I could. First, just on the backlog and revenue visibility. Greg, obviously, it's up a good bit. We are looking at a little bit lower year-over-year growth rate next quarter than what we've seen. And so, is there anything in there about kind of timing or, Gino, of that backlog of note, and just maybe if you could just talk a little bit about kind of that visibility into the second half and into the next year? And then just on the follow-up on the margin front, it sounds like you're expecting a good margin move in the Software and Services business. Could you talk a little bit about what you're expecting or any opportunities on the Products and Systems Integration side? Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Tim, first of all, on Q3 guidance, it's very important to note that the majority of the unfavorable FX is in Q3, number one. Number two, most importantly, the U.S. Federal close falls in Q4 this year, not Q3. So, I think a better way that's more informative to look at the firm is the second half and the first half and not Q3 specifically given the federal close is going to fall in Q4 for us. On Services and Software, as Gino and I have already mentioned, I think that there's a meaningful operating margin improvement in 2019 and beyond. I think – we're looking for something more like 30% operating margins or close to 30% operating margins for 2019. And I don't think there's any reason to stop there on that segment. And on the Products' side, we'll continually work on that front too.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Tim, we certainly expect comparable gross margins in 2018 versus the prior year, and we expect that to continue.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein of Cowen and Company.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hey, Greg and Gino. If you've already addressed this, I apologize. I'm juggling calls tonight. But first off, Gino, the statement you just made about gross margin. You all previously referenced that you've turned your focus or turning your focus to gross margin and driving uplifts and what you've done with driving down your OpEx revenue and that you've had multiple levers there. So my question to you is relative to your – the statement you just made, what is the opportunity both from a timing magnitude standpoint and the qualitative drivers? And then if you're – again if you've already said it, I apologize, but I was hoping you could give an update on UK Airwave and ESN?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. On the first one, I mentioned focusing on Services and Software driving towards significant operating margin expansion, kind of, as a marker for 2019 getting closer to 30% operating margins. I think to your point, Paul, that will come out of a combination of AGM, above gross margin, and OpEx. But our belief is that the opportunity, probably in that segment, is more on the gross margin side. As it relates to Airwave, we continue to make, I think, good progress. We still anticipate agreement by the end of the quarter. I think it's worth noting that we're now negotiating both Airwave and ESN agreements in tandem. And while term and conditions are still fluid, our view and my view is unchanged. I think Airwave will stay – be in place many, many years beyond 2020. And ESN is now looking to be more like a standards-based Kodiak solution. And I think both those developments are good for us. And I think at the end of the day, the UK Home Office solution between those two will look more and more like FirstNet here in the States. I think at the end of the day there's a few ingredients in the blender if you will that we'll take under consideration, there's political, there's practical, there's financial, and we'll evaluate all of those with the customer to make sure that we ensure the best agreement for our company.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen and Company, LLC: Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter of Jefferies.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot. This is Kyle on for George. A quick one on Avigilon, you mentioned previously that Avigilon was mostly product in your previous segment categories. Now that you're pulling software out of that and I guess Avigilon might have had some integration as well, how do you expect Avigilon to split between the two new segments? I guess another way to ask that is, how much of Avigilon is coming from software as a percentage of sales?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Kyle. It's Gino. In rough terms, about 20% of Avigilon is software.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Okay. Great. And then – sorry. And then...
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No, go ahead.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: They recently launched a cloud subscription service in March. I'm wondering if there's anything you could add in terms of any traction initially that they're getting with that or I guess do you see it being incremental to the hardware-only sales motions that they had previously, or is it going to replace something that they're already doing? Any additional color on that would be great.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Kyle. So – this is Jack. So, they've announced Avigilon Blue, which you referenced is a cloud-based solution. Early days, we've had success obviously starting to sign-up customers. I think the interesting thing with Avigilon Blue is we actually believe it will open up new opportunities into the small- and medium-sized business. So not – think of it not as cannibalistic to their existing business – but actually customer expansion in terms of its opportunity and what we can deliver.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great. Awesome. And one last one for me, on your Services and Software segment and the margin improvement that you're getting there, just curious if you can add anything in terms of what's driving that? Is that scale in the managed services business? Is it a greater mix of software, pricing activity, a combination of all those things? Anything else you can add would be great.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's a couple of things. Mainly, Andrew Sinclair has talked about and he mentioned this at the Financial Analyst Meeting that while we're the only ones building an end-to-end platform there, we have the opportunity to build an integrated suite. And as a result of different acquisitions we've made, we've had some duplicative R&D. And we have to, at the end of the day, platform that comprehensive solution. As he does that over the next 12 to 24 months, I think there's margin improvement associated with that. The second is what you mentioned. I think there's continued scale opportunities on the services' side, not only in back-office delivery as we optimize and add additional managed services contracts, but I think we can and will do a better job more efficiently on field deployment as well. So, those are the biggest opportunities that present themselves, and Jack and Kelly and Andrew and Bruce have identified those and are beginning to work those now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle of Raymond James.
Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks and good evening. Greg, you mentioned kind of building a recurring revenue stream on that new segment line. And I just wanted to know, do you have a recurring revenue target mix? And how much do you think that you need mix from that to get to that 30% operating margin that you were talking about for 2019?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: We don't have a target. Obviously, we'd like to see it grow. But quite frankly, both segments are important and we anticipate growth in both segments continually. My assumption around operating margin improvement in – let's just take 2019 – doesn't necessarily assume any dramatic difference in contribution of the 32%. I think we can get after its existing stream now and get better flow through on the P&L.
Adam Tindle - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And, Gino, I just wanted to check in on cash flow guidance for the year. I think you'd need about $1 billion in operating cash flow in the second half in order to hit the previously stated guidance and it'd be more than 100% of net income conversion. Can you maybe just reaffirm, does that cash flow guidance still stand and then talk about the buckets that help with those assumptions? Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Adam. It certainly still stands. We feel incrementally better about the $1.4 billion, and historically that's been our conversion, to over 100% of net income.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research Company.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi, good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up. When you look at surveillance and NextGen 9-1-1 today, those opportunities, could you talk a little bit about how you see the budget availability for those projects and initiatives right now? And then if it's not there, when you do talk to a customer and they decide to make the decision to move forward, can you walk us through the process of approximately times for that start to translate to revenue as they work through deriving the funding and getting that money realized?
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Ben, this is Jack. First of all, good question. There's two things. One of the reasons we've made the acquisitions in the command center and the organic R&D investments we've made is because we looked at that as being a distinct and additive funding stream to our customers. We didn't necessarily play in the 9-1-1 funding space before. So, as you start to drill that down in any particular project, typically these command center – 9-1-1, radio console, computer-aided dispatch – are around a two year selling cycle. Typically, they would – sometimes they'll write it homegrown – oftentimes they'll hire a consultant. They'll put it out for RFP. They'll down select into maybe two, sometimes three vendors, at which time we'll go through a demonstration. After the demonstration, there's typically anytime – anywhere between a three- to six-month process whereby they make an award decision, negotiate a contract and then have to take it to a county board. So all in, you're typically looking at a two-year sales cycle, but the important thing for us was it was incremental to government capital budgets. It's 9-1-1 money, which was new money that we had no ability to compete for in the past.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And then, on another item, we're going on maybe six or seven years removed from the sweet spot of the narrow-banding initiative. And I'm curious if you've seen any layering effects where some of those customers who are starting to come back to the table with refreshed behavior on handhelds or anything else if you feel like you're starting to see some of those customers coming back to the table? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Ben, we are – I mean, I think that typically if we look at it, it was early 2010, 2011, 2012. I mean, it was really a three to four year kind of period where different customers depending on their planning made investments. So, we think there are – we think there's opportunities. And obviously through our Know Your Customer and data-driven sales initiatives we've run, we've been in front of those customers. The thing that the sales teams also excited for is as Bruce and his team have made investments and we've got some portfolio expansion underway, which we're actually excited about as we look into 2019.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva of Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you, Greg and Gino. I have one question for each of you and I'll ask them at the same time and you can take them in any order you want. Potentially, this one might be more for Greg, but there's a lot of articles out there about the FirstNet devices, the enabled devices, once they get up and running that they'll be heavily subsidized at first. Is that true? And does that impact your financial model at all? Who's the subsidy provider there on that? Or is it more that's what the media says and maybe those are test devices? How should we think about the subsidies on some of those devices? And then my second question, which is probably more for Gino is, you had a very good Financial Analyst Day earlier in the year and a lot of the investors and buy side and sell side are feeling very comfortable with your financial liquidity model. And now it appears you're making some changes for. What's really behind the model changes for your reporting structure? Are there certain things you really, really, really want to drive home to focus on in the next few years? And then, are there a few things that we need to deemphasize that maybe you have historically in the past? Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Jim. And the answer to your first question, no. What you referenced on FirstNet and subsidies doesn't affect the way we are modeling the business or thinking about FirstNet either this year or beyond. By the way, FirstNet revenue contribution was virtually zero again for us in Q2 as it was in Q1. I think that the kind of subscriber that we were looking for hasn't materialized there. That's fine. A lot of the FirstNet users that are incrementally coming on board are using commercial push to talk over cellular in the form of Kodiak, which is supplied by us. So that's a good thing. But – and also I think even as AT&T referenced, some of the early users of FirstNet were already existing AT&T users that are switching over to a FirstNet plan. So, we don't see material growth in FirstNet to-date and our expectations for the full year in 2018 are minimal.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Jim, this is Gino. With respect to the new segment reporting, really, many reasons behind it. Really the idea, when we talk to services, historically, it was a combination of managed and support services and systems integration and they're two very different things with different margin profiles and invariably with the discussion centered on managed and support services. So, the effort is to be clearer about the new Services and Software is overwhelmingly recurring, clearer about our recurring revenue business versus the one-time Products and Systems Integration business and the different operating margin profile associated with each one of them.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you so much for the details and clarification. Just appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from William Fitzsimmons of Morningstar. Mr. Fitzsimmons, you may want to check your mute switch or return to your telephone handset. Your line is open.
William Fitzsimmons - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Good afternoon. And thanks for taking my questions. First for Gino, the new segment breakout obviously provides some good clarity into recurring revenue. If possible, could you provide any additional clarity or possibly a percentage breakdown of revenue that both Avigilon and then your public safety command center assets contributed to the top line in the quarter? And then maybe I'll concurrently give my question to Greg. Obviously, Avigilon and your public safety command center assets continue to grow briskly. But it's almost as if the past couple of quarters and at your Analyst Day, basically assert that core LMR demand is very strong. Are there any additional insights you can kind of give us into what's helping drive that? Obviously, the economy is doing very well and Motorola continues to do well relative to competitors. But are there any additional conversations you've been having lately with your customers when you go to market? Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I think – thanks, William – I think on the overall demand, there's a combination of things. Obviously, the economy here in the U.S. and North America as our anchor tenant, continues to perform very well. It's not often we see synchronized global growth in each theater. I think it's a combination of things. Environmentally, the environment's good; demand for Land Mobile Radio systems and people understand its criticality is high, and it's pretty high consistently. I think there's also things internally on the management side, whether it's compensation adjustments, sales coverage, stronger indirect channels, EMEA work that was done very well by Viv Francis and Mark Schmidl out there, I think execution is better. By the way, there's better products as well. And I'm talking LMR. Not just this year but some things on tap for next year. So, the inorganic growth is excellent and the organic growth is excellent. And I think we largely are either holding or taking share and the execution is pretty sound. I don't know, Jack, if you want to add anything on that?
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No. I think you nailed it, Greg.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And, William, on the segment reporting, well, we won't dimensionalize subsegment what we have talked about the relationship between software and services within the segment if software being approximately $400 million for the full year. And you can think about that as the starting point in the new Services and Software segment.
William Fitzsimmons - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Perfect. Thank you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster of JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Regarding Airwave, I may be missing some of the nuances here. It sounds like it's extended for many years, the same magnitude and mix moving forward as well.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, we don't know. Ultimately, we'll see how the agreement plays out. I think the discussions with the customer remain ongoing. There could be different terms with different financial contributions that we continue to weigh back and forth with them. But our view is completely unchanged that we think that network will be in for a very, very long time beyond 2020. And as I referenced, we made also great progress on ESN and what the customers call the re-plan or the reset, which I think will be a standards-based solution vis-à-vis Kodiak. By the way, with that extension of Airwave, obviously, there'll be device opportunities that are contemplated. And given the fact that Airwave will be in for much longer, Jack's team has already engaged in conversations with the customer this year and I'm sure that will go into next year for device refresh because of the new understanding that Airwave will be extended.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, are we to assume that the overall economics, hoping much of a wash relative to what you see today? Obviously a different mix.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, I think at the end of the day, if I were to answer that, it would really be speculative because we're still in discussion with the customer. But I would expect in the not too distant future a matter of months to be able to provide the clarity, both around the term and the financial contribution associated with it. And we feel – I'd just say this – we feel very good about where we are in the planning cycle.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Okay. And then just quickly on the end-to-end solution in software for the first responder market. It does sound like you've got a huge head start over everyone else in a very fragmented space. And yet in the context of the software, which is fairly modest proportion of your overall revenue, it doesn't feel like it's going to be particularly material any time soon, but am I mistaken, I mean, can you see this being 5%, 10% revenues in the next couple of years?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Paul, this is Bruce Brda. I'll take the question. With the footprint that we have from the assets we've either bought or built, we're in over 70% of the public safety command centers in North America. That gives us the ability as we platform to cross-sell across applications. So, we think we're extremely well positioned. As you pointed out, the market is fragmented and nobody has an end-to-end suite of solutions like us. We've built a really good set of assets there. As Greg said, we expect this segment to grow at a rate faster than Products and SI, and software will be one of those contributors.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research Holdings.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, gentlemen. A question for you here on Avigilon. Avigilon has been in your portfolio now for several months. And you guys have high-teens growth as you guys mentioned. Just want to know, are your starting to see some of the synergies that you expected or is it still too early and this is true, just organic growth from the company that you acquired?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Keith, we are. I think we are seeing some revenue synergies. I'd caution the one thing as we talked about, laid out in the front and even when we first made the acquisition, we felt like our biggest synergy was going to be in the U.S. Federal Government and it's the U.S., state, local governments. And I'd just mind you the sales cycle on those things, as I just noted, is minimally a 12 month kind of sales cycle. And so work done, pipeline being built. By the way, incremental sales investment that we think was needed subject matter expertise in public safety, it's underway. So that's the first thing. The second thing was our North America channel. We got to, obviously, have a very strong and proud channel, many of which carry competitive video solutions. So, we're now working with those channel partners, obviously, to go and bring Avigilon into their portfolio. And obviously with the loyal relationship that we've had with those, we actually are starting to see not only some opportunities but some deals that have been closed, that are Enterprise-like deals that will close a little quicker than the larger government solutions that we're working on.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay, great. And then it looks like (42:41) obviously are Chinese based. And it looks like they're going to be blocked from being able to do (43:14) government infrastructures and obviously OEM (43:16) other guys out there. Is there a way to quantify or think about the opportunity you guys may have from those guys being excluded from being (43:00)?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I mean, there is – as you referenced – the Authorization Act was approved by the House and Senate, it's awaiting the President's signature. It's clearly a positive. But I think the most important is the country and the government's doing the right thing from a national security and intellectual property protection standpoint. There's companies that are named specifically in there. We haven't modeled anything this year or next year, but I'm heartened and pleased that the government is taking these steps. And I think there'll be procurement guidelines and grant prohibitions around how Chinese electronic companies are purchased and/or deployed and what they're eligible for from a grant standpoint, that's in the NDAA, that I think is positive for us. But most importantly, I think from a national security standpoint, the country is doing the right thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sami Badri of Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. The first question I have is, you did mention a little bit about command center a little bit earlier, but what I really want to know is as you enter this market and you further expand – and I know you have some discipline and some knowledge regarding your customers, et cetera – what I really wanted to know is like how are you measuring uptake and when should we really start to see statistics on specifically this dynamic? And is there any competition coming up that you are potentially facing in the market for this service?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. This is Bruce. I'll take the question. I'm sure Jack will jump in. This market is extremely fragmented. I think that was mentioned earlier. And with the assets we've bought and built, we have a complete suite. Nobody else comes close to what we have done. In the short term, cross-sell between those applications is the short-term opportunity. And that's really being led by the integration that we're doing between the individual applications that adds incremental value to the customers. Jack, I'll see if you want to add anything on top?
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, Sami, it's really we kind of looked at is we had a multitude of products in the command center. We've now moved to where we're selling coupled solutions. And we've had very good success, particularly with the Emergency CallWorks and the Spillman acquisition that are really kind of mid-tier cities. And we've had in the twenties where we've gone in and sold those things as coupled solutions in the U.S. alone. As Bruce and team start to build that into a platform, that's where we start to have multiple opportunities within given years within the same customer. So, it's really an evolution for us in the command center, but I think we've got the right focus, resource, and we've seen early wins, particularly with the acquisitions as I laid out with Emergency CallWorks and Spillman.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you. And then just – so, it clearly looks like you have control over this part of the market. And when customers are not upgrading or not opting into this service, what is the rationale? Is it budget? Is it head count? Is it skill? Like what exactly is the bottleneck and adoption for specifically this service?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Could you clarify when you say that service? Do you mean Support and Managed Services or our command center applications?
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Command center applications?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Each of the individual applications call taking, CAD, records and councils, have typically been refreshed at different cycles in the past, which is really I think plays into our hand. So, as long as we're in with one and we're in with one in more than 70% of the PSAPS across the U.S., we have the ability as the refresh cycles for the individual applications come due to participate. And those I don't think there's any hindrance in those refresh cycles. It's not a funding issue. It's just an evolution or cycle that we have to let pass to be able to participate for the upgrades sleeve-by-sleeve in the command center.
Sami Badri - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No further comments. Thank you all for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2018 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products & Solutions; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales & Services. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call, we reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in outlook, unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'll now share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q1 was an outstanding quarter and a strong foundation for what I expect to be an excellent 2018. Total revenue grew 15%, with organic revenue up 10%, and we grew organically in every region led by North America organic growth of 8%. Second, we're raising full-year guidance for both revenue and EPS on continued growth throughout the year. We now expect full-year 2018 revenue growth of approximately 14%, which includes organic constant currency growth of about 4%, up versus our prior guidance of about 2.5%, and we now expect higher EPS of $6.70 to $6.85. And finally, our LMR business continues to perform exceptionally well. We grew revenue in every region. We grew EPS by 55% and we ended the quarter with record backlog. This strong performance, coupled with the acquisition of Avigilon, which increases our total addressable market by $11 billion-plus, provides strong momentum for the remainder of 2018 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook, before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q1 results include revenue of $1.5 billion, up 15% versus last year, including $49 million of revenue from acquisitions and $15 million of revenue related to the adoption of accounting standard ASC 606. Organic revenue, which excludes acquisitions and the accounting changes, was up 10%. Organic revenue in constant currency was up 7%, including $39 million of favorable FX. During the quarter, the company adopted ASC 606. The primary change for MSI was the reclassification of third-party sales commission, which had historically been presented as a reduction of revenue. Starting in Q1, these commissions are now reported as operating expenses. For the full year, we expect incremental revenue from the adoption of ASC 606 of approximately $75 million and approximately $0.01 of incremental EPS, which occurred in Q1. GAAP operating earnings were $171 million, down $2 million from last year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $260 million, up $48 million or 23% from the year-ago quarter. And operating margins were 17.7% of sales, up 120 basis points from last year. GAAP earnings per share was $0.69, up 53% from $0.45 last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.10, up 55% from $0.71 last year. Ending backlog was $9.6 billion, up $1.1 billion versus last year. Products segment backlog was up $166 million or 11% and Services segment backlog was up $973 million or 14%. Q1 Products sales were $801 million, up 14% from last year and growth in every region. North America Product revenue was up 14% in the quarter. Q1 Products segment operating income was $127 million or 15.9% of sales, up 250 basis points from last year, driven primarily by higher sales. Products segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.7 billion, up $166 million or 11% versus last year, driven by North America and EMEA. This is the 14th consecutive quarter of year-over-year backlog growth. Sequentially, product backlog was down $178 million, driven primarily by the adoption of the accounting standard ASC 606. Turning to Services. Q1 Services revenue was $667 million, up 15% from last year with growth in every region. Managed & Support Services grew 21% to $496 million, inclusive of $32 million from acquisitions. Services operating income was $133 million or 19.9% of sales, down 50 basis points from last year, driven by higher OpEx related to acquisitions, FX and R&D investments in our software business. Gross margins were up 40 basis points on continued Managed & Support growth. Services backlog ended at $7.9 billion, up $973 million or 14% versus last year, driven primarily by recurring Managed & Support Services. Sequentially, Services backlog is up $175 million or 2%. Total OpEx in Q1 was $416 million, up $52 million from the year-ago quarter. Acquisitions added $15 million, FX added $12 million and the adoption of ASC 606 added $13 million. The balance is related to higher incentive payments and legal costs associated with the Hytera litigation, offset by cost reductions in the underlying business. For the full year, we expect OpEx of approximately $1.8 billion versus $1.54 billion last year. The change is driven by approximately $200 million of OpEx related to acquisitions and approximately $75 million as a result of the adoption of ASC 606. We continue to expect operating expenses in the underlying business to be down approximately $20 million versus 2017. Other income and expense was $27 million compared to $47 million in the year-ago quarter. Net interest expense was $46 million compared to $51 million a year ago. And the Q1 effective tax rate was 19%. Q1 operating cash flow was an outflow of $500 million versus $142 million of cash flow last year. The decline is attributable to $500 million pension contribution; $40 million of incentive payments, some of which was accelerated from Q2 in order to take advantage of the new tax legislation; $15 million of higher cash taxes; and it's also worth noting that we had a $52 million collection of a legal judgment in the prior year. Free cash flow was a negative $541 million. Capital expenditures were lower by $27 million versus last year, as a result of lower IT spend related to the ERP implementation in 2017. Normalized for pension, we continue to expect approximately $1.4 billion in operating cash flow for the year. The $1.4 billion now includes a $50 million payment related to a legacy Iridium settlement in India and $50 million of costs related to the acquisitions of Avigilon and Plant. During the quarter, we issued $500 million of senior unsecured debt, which was contributed to the U.S. pension plan. We also secured $400 million of prepayable short-term debt and use $400 million from our credit revolver, as well as cash on hand to fund the acquisitions of Avigilon and Plant. Additionally, we repurchased $66 million of stock at an average price of $101.54 and paid dividends of $84 million. Turning to our outlook. We are raising our revenue and EPS guidance for 2018. We expect Q2 sales to be up approximately 15%, with organic growth of approximately 4%. We expect EPS between $1.34 and $1.39. We now expect full-year 2018 revenue growth of approximately 14%, up from the prior guidance of 10% to 11% we provided at our Financial Analyst Meeting in February. Organic growth for the full year is now expected to be approximately 5%, with organic constant currency growth of approximately 4%, up 150 basis points from our prior guidance. This updated guidance includes approximately $75 million of currency tailwinds, versus $130 million of currency tailwinds in our prior guidance. EPS is expected to be $6.70 to $6.85, versus a prior outlook of $6.50 to $6.65. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 172 million shares and an effective tax rate of approximately 25%. Also contemplated in guidance is now approximately $450 million of revenue from Avigilon and Plant with approximately $0.04 of EPS, net of higher interest expense and lower share repurchases. This is up $100 million and $0.04 of EPS from our February 27 guidance. Revenue from the adoption of ASC 606 is approximately $75 million with approximately $0.01 of EPS. Looking at regional results. Americas revenue was up 15%, with organic growth of 8% in North America. The Americas growth was driven by strong demand for LMR products and services, serving public safety and commercial customers. Additionally, Q1 included a large customer shipment of approximately $50 million that was not expected to ship until later in 2018. This shipment was the largest single shipment we have had in any Q1 period. And finally, Q1 backlog is up approximately $900 million year-over-year. EMEA revenue was up 18% on strength across both Products and Services, including $31 million from favorable FX. Backlog was also up in the region year-over-year. And in Asia Pac, revenue was up 5% and growth in both Products and Services, including $6 million from favorable FX rates, while backlog was up on strong Services demand. Finally, I'd like to end with some notable highlights. First, we were selected by the State of Florida to build and manage a new statewide public safety network. This multi-year award, which is not yet reflected in our backlog, is another proof point of the longevity of land mobile radio. Additionally, we won a $40 million Managed & Support Services contract with the State of Maryland, a $20 million Managed & Support Services contract with the State of Indiana, a $15 million award for a P25 system upgrade for Miami-Dade County in Florida, a $6 million Managed & Support Services contract with Petrobras in Latin America, and we announced the LEX L11 mission-critical LTE handheld device for global broadband networks, including FirstNet in the U.S. Finally, we closed the acquisition of Avigilon, a leader in advanced video surveillance and analytics; and Plant, a leader in command center software and Next-Generation 911. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with two thoughts. First, Q1 was a great start with overall growth of 15% and organic growth of 10%, but I'm particularly pleased with our record backlog position, which further reinforces my confidence in raising our full-year guidance. Second, I want to update you on our progress with the UK Home Office and our Airwave contract. Since I last referenced this a couple of months ago at our Financial Analyst Meeting, our discussions have been ongoing, active and productive. As a result, we now believe the Airwave contract will be extended by five or more years. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up. Operator, would you please remind our callers how to ask a question?
Operator: Certainly. The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Matt Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Wanted to ask about organic growth. So, clearly, very strong start to the year. Can you just expand a little bit more on what's behind that strength and just the biggest sources of upside you saw versus 90 days ago? And then the second part of the question. So, guidance for 5% for the full-year organic implies a little bit of a decel as we get through the balance of the year. Just wondering if there are any big drivers of that we should be thinking about, or if it's more just conservatism given where we are in the year at this point?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Matt, I think that on the first part I just think the overall demand is strong, which is reflected in our performance both for Q1 and embedded contextually in why we're raising the full year. Now, it's worth noting that in Q1 we had the largest shipment we've ever had in the history of the company in a Q1. That was four times larger than the next largest shipment, and that's great. But even absent that, overall demand remains quite solid. If you normalize for that, I think it's more informative to look kind of first half, second half and full year. And when you do that, first half organic growth constant currency is about 4%, second half is 4% and the full year is 4%. I think our aged backlog position and record backlog position overall coming out of Q1 supplements that. So I wouldn't get too caught up. We don't look at it as a deceleration normalized for that large order. We look at it more as a constant linearity of demand throughout the year.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, for my follow up so, Greg, you closed out your prepared remarks talking about Airwave. Just, first, curious when do you think ultimately that will get to the resolution and that will be a finite thing that will come through? And second, just on the Services backlog. Is there any increase from Airwave in there? Or is that Omnicom when we think about the additional five years that you talked about?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: First part, I think our expectation is we would look to finalize the agreement either this quarter or next quarter. And any extension of backlog that's contemplated in that extension of that agreement is not contemplated in the overall backlog or the Services segment backlog.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: You bet, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. Appreciate the opportunity. As we look at the Services margins. Obviously, they've been increasing well and your Managed & Support Services had a great quarter this quarter. How should we think about the Services gross margins going forward? Is there an opportunity for those to rise at an early time? (19:44)
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Keith, this is Gino. Our expectation for margin for 2018 is for margin to be up slightly, even if we exclude ASC 606. Clearly, with the $75 million of incremental revenue, that's expansion in the Product segment. So the way to think about it is we expect Services gross margin to be up year-over-year. We expect Product margins to be comparable to what they were in 2017 and, overall, we do expect margin expansion in 2018.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, I think Kelly Mark is doing some really good work on the Services side and on cost of goods and cost of delivery, as well as Jack. We reviewed that a few days ago. So, specifically on the Services gross margin, we do expect Services gross margin to be up this year over last year. Good work (20:44)
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Appreciate the color. And just a follow-up for you. On FirstNet, we didn't hear anything about FirstNet I guess in the script. Any new thoughts on the progress of FirstNet and Motorola's involvement in that?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: We continue to work closely with AT&T. We had minimal revenue, virtually none, in Q1 from any contribution as it relates to FirstNet activity. We have talked about annual revenue guidance of $20 million to $40 million. Candidly, we're in May. We look at Q1. I know there's a lot of work to be done. I know a lot of good work is being done. As Jack and I talk about this opportunity, I think we're going to be anchored more towards the low end of that guidance on revenue for 2018. But we continue to work closely with our customers and with our partner AT&T.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Vijay, we can't hear you.
Operator: Vijay, your line is open. Do you have us on mute? And my apologies, Vijay. Go ahead. Your line is open.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Can you guys hear me now? Yes. Yeah. Sorry, I was speaking to myself. Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. My question is on the acquisitions, Avigilon and also the Plant Holdings, seem very interesting. Greg, you might have a thought process in mind as to how to, like, waterfall this or ramp this through the course of the year and through next year. I'd like to get your thought process from a management point of view, how do you plan to take these acquisitions into the MSI sales and marketing and product complex, and how should we look from both a marketing point of view and then also from your lens, how do you ramp it through the rest of the year and over the next few years? Thanks.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, Vijay, I'll start with – it's Jack. I'll start with Avigilon. Early days been very impressed. Avigilon is a great company. I think the thing that we've spent our time is really around creation of revenue synergy. Obviously, as Greg has alluded to in the previous call, we kept this company as operating as they were before. And we've got a couple significant opportunities. First and foremost, the United States Federal Government. Avigilon did not sell into the Fed's space, either the federal or the military space. We have opportunities really throughout that market. And obviously, we're using our direct sales force as a conduit or a channel to the Federal Government. The second piece is in the U.S. and the public safety market. A lot of these, like, safe city, the Detroit Green Light like projects, we've got a list of probably 30 or 40 targeted cities that we're working with Avigilon and going after. And the last thing is really heavy industry or enterprise Fortune kind of 300 kind of companies in both North America but throughout the world, and we're also looking to work closely with them on that. So, from an Avigilon perspective, obviously great company. We think we've got opportunities. We've talked about our growth rates in 2018 for Avigilon as we modeled them are comparable to 2017.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And I think that was the question. Was there a follow-on, Vijay? Were you also (24:20)
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I think, yeah, the follow-on was around OpEx. I mean, honestly, the company has been doing a much better job, more credit to you and team, on OpEx as a percentage of revenues. That said, how should we think about this line item through the course of the year?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Vijay, this is Gino. From the full-year, OpEx we expect to be $1.8 billion versus $1.54 billion in 2017. Approximately $200 million of that comes from the acquisitions from Plant and Avigilon, and $75 million from ASC 606, which is the accounting change. The underlying business we continue to expect to be down approximately $20 million from 2017.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Perfect. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Vijay.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot. This is Kyle on for George. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I want to ask a little bit more about Avigilon and how you think that now that it's layered in, what it does to the steady state kind of market growth rate of the combined company? I know that it's a smaller piece of the business but I believe it was running at, at least a high-teens growth rate. So, just wanted to see if I can get your thoughts on how you see kind of the combined company growth through the end of the year 2018 and into 2019? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Kyle, a couple of things. As Jack just referenced, I think there's a number of ways we can extend, expand the Avigilon reach with: A, into the federal business; B, with global partners; and C, working with our direct sales team in the commercial markets, utilities, oil, gas and other critical verticals. I think the way we're modeling this business and what's contemplated in our full-year growth is a double-digit revenue growth comparable to last year. Look, they were a public company. You've seen what they did. I think they were $353 million to $408 million, publicly traded on the Vancouver Exchange. That kind of growth rate is our current expectation by the way. I mean, I think we want to be very prudent in modeling the business and don't get out ahead of our headlights. But there's no question the demand is pretty strong. Video is there. I think there's tremendous synergies and we'll update you accordingly between execution between now and the end of the year.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks. And I know that Avigilon, obviously, had more exposure to the commercial sector versus government. And how much has that changed your total company exposure in terms of commercial as a percent of sales? I know that you've historically been 70% to 75%. Has that changed much for Avigilon?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think it's too early to tell. I mean, we're about 75% government and public safety and 25% commercial markets overall. Obviously, the opportunity is open-field running on federal and public safety. I think it's too early to predict a revenue composition per se, but clearly the opportunity is there.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks. And one quick last one. How much in terms of the backlog did the Avigilon and Airbus acquisitions add to backlog? And then, do you have a quantification of the ASC 606 impact on backlog?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Kyle, this is Gino. Avigilon doesn't come with a tremendous amount of backlog. It's in-quarter activity. So it was minimal. The Plant backlog was about $200 million and there was the last – oh, ASC 606 was a reduction in backlog of a little over $100 million.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. And congrats on the quarter. Really fantastic results, so looking forward to hearing more. Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Kyle.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We were pleased with backlog. It is very seasonally normal for this business, where overall backlog declines from a very robust Q4 into Q1. It was flat, which I think is another demand indicator, positively in terms of the trends and what we're seeing.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. Sure, great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Tindle with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. This is Mike Koban on for Adam Tindle. Thanks for taking my question. Just a little bit more on Avigilon. So I'm just wondering if there's any more like investments or if there's any maybe obstacles you see in the future in kind of transferring your sales force's focus from what might be chiefly government into more commercial? And then I have one follow-up.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. And I'll let jump Jack jump in too. But I don't see any obstacles. And as Jack referenced, we're keeping Avigilon basically intact as a wholly-owned subsidiary. They do a different thing than we do. So I don't want to disrupt or unintendedly put any organizational or operational obstacles. This is a very well-run company. We want to add capital to it. We want to add people to the sales force. We want to invest more. Avigilon is all about top-line growth. So I think it's a channel story, which is why it sits under Molloy, both direct, indirect and federal. And Jack's been given the green light by Gino and myself to provide the necessary capital investment to facilitate the growth that's in front of it.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. And Greg, maybe just one follow-on. Mike, so from an enterprise and commercial market perspective, frankly, they do a superb job. They've got a channel that serves that market very well. So we think the incremental lift we can provide them, maybe at some heavy industry kind of companies I talked about. But interestingly enough, they don't do much business because they were a smaller company and they found that the business turned better, focused on enterprise securities space. They haven't focused on public safety. Now, we have done large cities. Obviously, we manage the City of Chicago's video network, which is the largest public safety video network in the country. We've done Cleveland and the Detroit project as well. So we really – frankly, James Henderson and I have talked about this. We look at government and public safety as, frankly, open space. And we think that is a market, obviously, our sales team knows very well and we think there's only uplift as it applies to public safety and government in terms of Avigilon.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. Thanks. Thanks. Great color. And then, about FirstNet, just it looked like AT&T, I think they said recently that they were planning to hit about 20,000 sites in 2018. And I was just wondering if that was – how do you view that as maybe like an acceleration about what you expect? I know you touched on your kind of expectations for them. Just kind of wondering how the overall ramping process is moving along as far as in relation to how you expected it to go?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, remember, FirstNet through the lens of us, the partner, provides economic contribution in three ways; device sales, mainly push-to-talk device sales; mission-critical software applications; and thirdly, interoperability between LMR and public safety LTE. Now, AT&T reported recently, they talked about some traction and uplift on their own results. I won't speak for them as it relates to FirstNet. But, for us, what matters is FirstNet users that are utilizing push-to-talk and we can only report on our end. And again, as Jack referenced, the revenue contribution was virtually $0 in Q1. And the low end of guidance that we're anchoring now more toward on the $20 million to $40 million simply reflects our expectation based on the current view and Q1 around FirstNet's ability to provide economic impact to us, mainly through push-to-talk or related push-to-talk.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. Thanks. Great. That's all I got, guys. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Thank you very much for taking my questions. First up, as we layer in the Avigilon business, how do we split out the Product from the Service component of that business? And what does it do to recurring? I think you exited last year with about 28% recurring. I imagine it's a lower proportion, probably doesn't impact it much, but would be good to know how that evolves.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Avigilon is primarily Product and has very little recurring. Overall, by the way, just from a Motorola Solutions standpoint, our recurring revenue was 34% coming out of Q1 as an overall enterprise, which of course we like. Now Avigilon has very little recurring revenue. So, as more that revenue gets contemplated and factored into the full year, that number may compress a little bit. But absent Avigilon, we like the annual recurring revenue trends of the inherent business.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And the recurring revenue trend originates in the higher Service growth rate? Or is it the nature of the contracts that you're entering into?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think it's primarily driven by a higher Managed & Support Services growth rate.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Which by the way was 21% in Q1, with 13% organic contribution. It was strong.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citi. Pleaes go ahead.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks very much. In your prepared comments, you mentioned about a very large shipment which happened in Q1 that was supposed to be happening later in the year. My question to you is, does that open up the potential for other large shipments earlier in the year because the customer has received those shipments, they'll be testing, using, implementing, rolling them out, something great? And also is there a Service element attached to those which also again potentially kind of earlier than expected?
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Jim, it's Jack. And I believe the question was around the large shipment that Greg referenced in the prepared remarks. We always had that $60 million opportunity factored into the revenue in the year. We were going through some bureaucratic challenges within the customer and we were able to alleviate and work through. And so, obviously, we moved the deal early into the year into Q1. But no, that $60 million, we shouldn't think of that as something that was based on timing. We just accelerated the full project and turned the revenue in the first quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And I think his other question was, do you see any Services content that could attach to that shipment.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Minimal.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: It was a device sale. So it's minimal.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thanks so much. I appreciate all the details and clarification.
Operator: Thank you. Gentlemen, it appears we have no further questions at this time. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think that will do it for this afternoon. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-01 05:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Brown - Chairman and CEO Gino Bonanotte - Executive Vice President and CFO Jack Molloy - EVP, Worldwide Sales and Service
Analysts: George Notter - Jefferies Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Stanley Kovler - Citi Research Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Paul Silverstein - Cowen and company Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research George Notter - Jeffries Keith Housum - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor : Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2017 fourth quarter and full year earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Service. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A portion of the call. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. During the call we reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2016 annual reports on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us to the result and the outlook. First Q4 was outstanding quarter, capping a very strong year.  We grew Q4 revenue 4% driving higher earnings and cash flow on a continued strength of our Land Mobile Radio solutions lead by North America. We see continued demand across both our government and commercial customers around the world reflected in our recent results and our record backlog. Second, 2017 was a record year for sale operating earnings, cash flow and backlog, demonstrating the earnings power of our Land Mobile Radio platforms. In addition to growing the full year revenue 6% with growth in every region, we grew operating earnings 9% through EPS 11% and we grew operating cash flow 16%.  Finally, I'm very pleased with our competitive position moving forward, I expect our LMR platform business to provide continued growth while also driving additional manage services expansion and further differentiating our command center software strategy.  So now I'd like to turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and outlook before returning to provide some final thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q4 results include revenue of $2 billion, up 4% from last year, and organic revenue up 2%.  GAAP operating earnings were $511 million, up $108 million from last year, non-GAAP operating earnings were $576 million, up $35 million or 6% from the year ago quarter. And operating margins were 29.4% of sales, up 70 basis points from last year.  GAAP earnings per share was a loss of $3.56, up compared to earnings of the $43 in the year ago quarter. The loss reflects one-time charges of $874 million related to recent U.S. tax reform. The charges are primarily two items $471 million related to the valuation allowance and foreign tax credits and 366 million related to the re-measurement of U.S. differed tax assets at a lower rate. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.10, up 3% from last year. Ending backlog was $9.6 billion, up $1.2 billion from last year. Product segment backlog was up $382 million or 25% and Services segment backlog was up $860 million or 12%. For the full year revenue grew 6% with growth in every region and organic revenue grew 3%.  Product segment revenue grew 3%, led by higher North America system sales and growth in commercial products. Services revenue grew 9% with managed and support services growth in every region.  Operating earnings, were $1.6 billion, up $125 million or 9% compared to 2016. Earnings per share grew 11% to $5.46. And operating cash flow was $1.3 billion up $181 million from last year.  Moving to product segment results for Q4, Q4 product sales were $1.23 billion up 1% versus the prior year, driven by growth in North America LMR systems and global commercial products. Q4 product operating income, was $425 million or 34.5% of sales up 130 basis points from last year driven by higher sales and lower OpEx.  Product backlog ended the quarter, at 1.9 billion up $382 million or 25% from last year. This is the 13th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Sequentially backlog was up $140 million or 8%. The year-over-year and sequential backlog growth was driven by North America, and EMEA.  Q4 services revenue was $724 million up 10% from last year with growth in every region. Managed and support services grew 17% inclusive of $32 million from acquisitions. Services operating income was $151 million or 20.9% of revenue, up 50 basis points from last year on higher sales and mixed to managed to support services, partially offset by OpEx from acquisitions.  Services backlog ended at $7.7 billion, up $860 million from last year inclusive of airway runoff. Sequentially services backlog is up $567 million or 8% and continued strong demand in North America, EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Total OpEx in Q4 was $397 million down $11 million or 3% from the year ago quarter, inclusive of $15 million from acquisition. For the full year operating expenses were $1.49 billion inclusive of $45 million of OpEx from acquisitions.  Other income and expense, in Q4 was $46 million compared to $41 million in the year ago quarter. In Q4 effective tax rate was 32.8% compared to 30.7% in the year ago quarter, resulting in $11 million of higher tax expense. The full year 2017 effective tax rate was 31%.  Q4 operating cash flow, was $761 million an increase of $248 million from last year, driven by higher operating earnings, as well as improved working capital. Free cash flow was $740 million up $287 million. We ended Q4 with $1.3 billion in cash, and during the quarter we repurchased $125 million of stock at an average price of $91.95 and paid dividends of $76 million.  Capital allocation in 2017 was $1.3 billion this included $298 million of acquisitions, $370 million of dividends, $227 million of CapEx and $483 million of share repurchases at an average price of $85.32. In total our share repurchase program has retired 53% of our shares at an average cost of $58.59.  Finally, in Q1 of 2018, we're planning a debt funded $500 million pension contribution that takes advantage of the recent tax legislation. This funding pushes and further cash contributions to our U.S. pension plan until minimally 2024 likely beyond, in addition this plant contribution grow the 2017 cash deduction at 35% versus 21% providing an NPV of approximately $60 million.  Turning to our outlook, we expect Q1 revenue growth of approximately 7% and organic growth 5% including approximately $40 million from currency tailwinds. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.83 and $0.88 this is in current exchanges rates and an average diluted share count of approximately $169 million.  For the full year we expect revenue growth of approximately 5% with organic growth of approximately 4.5%, with currency tailwinds of approximately $130 million, non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $6.50 to $6.65. The outlook does not including the pending Airbus PlantCML or Avigilon acquisitions. Airbus PlantCML is expected to close in Q1 and Avigilon is expected to close in Q2.  Full-year operating expenses are expected to be down again by approximately $20 million, from 2917 inclusive of $20 million of OpEx from completed acquisitions and inclusive of $30 million in higher OpEx from currency headwinds.  We expect the full-year 2018 effective tax rate to be approximately 25% and our cash tax rate to remain at approximately 15% for 2018 and 2019. 2018 operating cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.4 billion excluding the $500 million debt funded pension contribution previously mentioned.  Looking at regional results; Americas grew 60% in Q4 and 70% for the full year. This broad base growth was driven by systems multiyear management support services and commercial products. Backlog is up $915 million from last year with double-digit growth in both products and services year-over-year as customers continue to invest in there LMR solutions.  The EMEA declined 2% in Q4 on the completion of a large LTE implementation in the prior year. For 2017 EMEA was up 5% and growth in products and services and backlog is up $131 million versus last year.  Asia Pac grew 1% for the quarter and 1% for the year driven by growth in both products and services. Backlog is up about $195 million, primarily on services growth.  I'd also like to share some brief segment highlights. First, in our products segments during Q4, we were awarded a $290 million contract for an LMR system in a Middle Eastern country that recently deployed a private public safety LTE system. This significant investment in LMR is the latest example of customers further validating that LTE and LMR are complementary technologies.  We also won several large LMR deals in North America during the quarter, including a $76 million P25 order for the city of Dallas, a $53 million P25 order for the city of Los Angeles, and a $39 million P25 order for the city of Toronto.  In our services segment, we continue to see demand by our customers for multi-year support contracts for their LMR systems. A few notable Q4 awards include a $197 million seven-year managed services contract extension for the Melbourne Metropolitan Radio Network in Australia. A $40 million five-year managed services contract in Victoria, Australia, and an $18 million seven-year managed services contract with Dow Chemical.  I'd also like to mention a few full year operating highlights. During 2017, we launched 85 new products while reducing our device use by 55%. We also launched new or expanded services offerings across devices, commercial infrastructure and LTE.  We completed the acquisition of Kodiak Networks, adding a carrier integrated cellular push to talk solution for mobile operators around the world. We signed the FirstNet partnership agreement with AT&T to provide software applications, devices, and services for public safety customers on the first network.  And finally, we completed the acquisition of Interexport a provider of managed services for communication systems to public safety and commercial users in Chile.  I'll now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thanks Gino and let me just close with a few thoughts. First, I'm very, very proud of the 2017 results we posted as a direct result of our employees' dedication and focus and efforts in delivering unmatched technology and unmatched service to our global customers, many of whom put their lives on the line every single day.  Second, I'm especially pleased with our momentum moving forward. Our record backlog reflects the continued strong demand for LMR led by North America, and we're making continued progress in growing our software and services business as well.  And finally, we announced today a definitive agreement to acquire Avigilon a leader in advanced video surveillance and analytics, adding Avigilon end to end video capabilities and analytics for our commercial and public safety customers, provides not only another key workflow stream to our solutions offering, but also significantly expands the total addressable market that we serve today, paving the way for additional future growth. The management team here remains acutely focused on continuing to grow this firm profitably and for the long-term.  And now I'll turn it back over to Chris. 
Chris Kutsor: Thanks Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many others as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
George Notter: I guess I was curious about the bigger spending environment around public safety LMR. I guess I'm thinking more about the United States, it seems like state and local tax receipt has to be very, very strong I assume that the content winds for your business.  I want to ask about federal tax receipts also, we got tax reform, I guess I am imagining the tax receipt to be lower going forward. But can you just talk about the environment and how exchanging with tax reform for your LMR business. Thanks. 
Jack Molloy: Hi George its Jack, so I guess first of all from a state and local perspective, you're spot on. I think what you’re seeing are reference the fact that North America grew in 2015, 2016 and 2017 both in terms of revenue and backlog. I think that’s testament to the strength of the demand drivers in public safety and state local.  From a federal prospective, similar story, we had a great year in 2016 and frankly we beat that slightly in 2017, the demand drivers right now in the federal government are really too fold. We have a defense team, we're seeing continued spending in the defense around military base communications that’s been strong story and then we look at domestically here from a law enforcement and border, petrol prospective again the demand and lot of what the trump administration doing in terms of planning, those things have looked to be beneficial for us as well, we enter 2018 frankly in federal in a better backlog position that we did in 2017. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Timothy Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Timothy Long : First on, Greg if you could touch on FirstNet, I think last time you were talking 40 million to 60 million of revenues this year, obviously those states opted in and AT&T seems to be talking pretty aggressively about deployment. So just talk to us a little bit about what are the changes over the last few months have meant as far as your outlook for that business for the year. And then secondly may be for Gino, just looking at the full year guidance seems to imply gross margin down a little bit this year, could you just talk a little bit about the gross margin outlook and what might be potentially pushing that lower. Thank you. 
Gregory Brown: So, thanks for the questions, in terms of FirstNet, our role hasn’t change, we're still going to provide machine critical software applications and LMR and operability and services but to your point right now the starter pistol's been fired and it's all about subscriber load, so we're pleased that all 56 states and territories opted in but now its game on.  Our current planning actually for this year on FirstNet revenues are about 20 million to 40 million, I wouldn’t over interpretive one way or the other fact I hope is above but just from a prudent planning standpoint, I wanted to set those goal posts as more reflective of where we're today, we just don’t know what we don’t know. The partnership with AT&T continues to work well and go well, but that's our expectation from a FirstNet standpoint at this point in time. 
Gino Bonanotte: Hey Kevin its Gino. On gross margins, gross margins are expectation of 2018, gross margins are flat comparable to 2017 and in 2017 we had comparable gross margins in both the product and services segment versus the prior year and the margin reduction for MSI in total was simply a result of the mix to services and we talked about the gross margin profile in services, which includes systems integration to be slightly less than product. So, we see 2018 margins comparable to 2017. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Bhagavath: Hi Greg, Gino. So, my question is around you know Greg, when you talk to your top customers and your sales teams, what are they telling you in terms of spending intentions that unified state local agencies for this year versus last year and then what priorities are your customers assigning to software command control versus devices and networks and then quickly, you know, these events this year, like the Olympics, the World Cup soccer, would these be incremental opportunities for you to public safety? Thanks 
Gregory Brown: Just on the third point, I think that the opportunities and the events that you outlined are incorporated already into our guidance for fiscal 2018. One of the things we referenced last time that with the natural disasters, the hurricanes, the fires in California, I also think continually reinforce and remind the absolute always on reliable criticality without substitution of land mobile radio systems. But you know, Jack mentioned a little bit about state and local demand and federal demand just a few minutes ago and I think we see it continue to be strong. And Bruce on the command center, maybe you want to mention a few things on that front. 
Gino Bonanotte: Sure, thanks Vijay. If you think about the command center software applications, 911 cad, records, dispatch and then analytics around it. We are currently, we built up that portfolio through acquisition or organically and we're really going through the hard work now of integrating that into a single suite.  We have seen very good progress on cross sell activities. I'll, I'll note between Spillman and ECW as an example, they serve the same size, tier two, tier three marketplace. We've seen great progress on cross sell and we're beginning to see early suite sale, accomplishments as well. So, we're really pleased with the progress that we're making more work to do, but so far, it's really working well. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum : Good afternoon guys, thanks for taking my questions. Mind if I drill down more into the acquisition you guys announced today with Avigilon, in terms of like the current customer overlap that you guys had together and it is just taking you to new markets and what do you guys need to make this acquisition versus you know, your current technology. So, can you just provide some more color on those lines, that would be great.
Gregory Brown: Sure Keith. So, taking a step back, the strategic rationale on this is and we're pretty enthusiastic is. First of all, video surveillance and analytics is growing, it's growing rapidly.  Second, the total addressable market is in well in excess of 10 or 11 billion and then some.  And third, video continues to be a growing proponent, a growing requirement of public safety customers and critical infrastructure customers that want a solution and would like Motorola to provide  The thing that is especially attractive to me is this is not a commodity business, as you've seen the other actions that we've taken with the portfolio over time, I'm not interested in commodity businesses, I'm not interested in commodity margins, I like the market leader with an end to end platform orientation and we believe this end to end video surveillance, suites of analytic, video management and video storage is particularly strong. Now we're as Gino said earlier its GPS neutral, and it's not included in our 2018 guidance but Avigilon is a public company on a Canadian Exchange and you can go back and look at their revenue growth and the kind of execution they had.  The other thing I would say is there is a lot of point solutions in this business, we’re in end to end platform choice, and we believe we have this distinct advantage where we will have when we close this acquisition around faster deployment than comparative products.  And the things especially I love is the channel synergies. So this can fit very neatly and nicely and we can take this portfolio into global public safety because they have been enterprise centric today largely, we can take it into U.S. military, we can take it into U.S. federal, we can take it into our large direct sales force that serve enterprises in the commercial markets, so it's got very attractive channel synergies and lastly quite frankly much like mission critical communications, I think there is a growing aversion to having Chinese provider to critical video surveillance and security and I think that trend will lend itself well to us as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Please go ahead. 
Stanley Kovler: Just wanted to ask you guys about just the trends in the backlog and how we should think about conversions even adding a lot to the backlog recently, can you help us understand what the aging is then is and how that will hit the services line on the revenue side going forward, and then I have a follow up. 
Gino Bonanotte: Okay great Stanley this is Gino, so the backlog increased, let's first start with 2018 aging entering into 2018, we're better aged than we were a year ago 12 months ago, the duration I think you’re getting at to the duration of backlog. The duration on the products backlog hasn’t changed, I think you can go back and track that duration to revenue and it's been consistent for the past several years.  On the services side the duration is a little bit longer as we continue to sign multi-year agreements, I referenced seven and five-year agreements in some cases, 15 years services agreement and the duration clearly of that backlog is a bit longer. 
Stanley Kovler: And as a follow up I just wanted to ask you on the Avigilon acquisition, looking back at their margin structure especially the operating margins they have, much faster revenue growth but lower margins. How should we think about folding that business into your model? Is the revenue growing essentially offsetting margin from gross profit dollar contribution standpoint or their OpEx synergies as well? Thank you. 
Gregory Brown: So, I think it's too early to comment on, on how to think about it from a model perspective. We will update you after the close. By the way, we expect to run this business self-contained as a separate subsidiary inside of Motorola solutions. So, we're very pleased with the structure of the organization, the talent quality, the patent portfolio, the distribution channels and we want to be very mindful that I think appropriately managed going forward this will continue on a very successful track. The data demonstrated of execution. I think this is about building an end to end platform, adding another leg to the school for public safety, over existing distribution channels and brand by Motorola Solutions and giving them a more skill to accelerate their growth. 
Stanley Kovler: Got It. Thank you. That's helpful. 
Gino Bonanotte: This is Gino. I'll just reiterate something Greg said a few minutes ago. The expectation of Avigilon from an NPS perspective in 2018 would be a push. It is a push as well for the PlantCML business, we expect both Plant and Avigilon to be accretive 2019 and beyond. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie. Please go ahead. 
Andrew DeGasperi: Thank you. First Greg, maybe, could you comment on ESN, we've been hearing there's some, additional delays in building out in rural areas. And then Gino, maybe Avigilon quickly I noticed that the breakdown of revenues geographically seems to be showing a slowdown in the US, but growing very fast in Europe, in Asia, do you see the opportunity essentially a turnaround in the US business while also benefiting from those other tailwinds? Thanks.
Gregory Brown: I don't really have any current update at this point in time. I'll just simply say we've worked really closely with the UK Home Office, particularly in Q4 as they go through some of their planning and regeneration of timeline. I think that quite frankly, I thought the relationship has strengthened in the last several months. I was out in London, either late November and December, we've had dedicated teams working very closely together and I think it'd be more appropriate for them, so let them announce any kind of changes to their schedule. What I would tell you is that we are not planning on in our 2018 guidance any material revenue contribution from ESM.
Gino Bonanotte: And Andrew, this is Gino, on growth and we will clearly give you more details at the TAM and certainly after close, but the only thing I’d point you to is, their compounded annual growth rate of 37%. Greg mentioned the TAM 37% from 2012 through 2016. Greg mentioned the TAM, you can see the revenue number. So aside from just ups and downs, we absolutely see a continued growth in the Americas and I think in conjunction with our distribution organization, we see growth in revenue synergies, frankly in the rest of the world. We're very excited about the acquisition. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Paul Silverstein: Thanks very much, I appreciate it. Greg if you can you remind us prior to the 100 plus million a quarter community and you're going to get some Avigilon, I trust video today is a fairly small -, but surveillance and analytics in total, what is the organic revenue to that. 
Gregory Brown: I think the proxy and what we said from a software perspective, command prospective, what we said publicly is approximately $300 million, now I wouldn’t disaggregated further to video that is the total number for the software business, but that’s currently where we are from a software prospective at least in the command center. We have really the only camera business we have right now is the body-worn business which is relatively small percentage of our revenue. 
Paul Silverstein: I don’t know if this where to look but from a cursory look at the numbers, it looks like Avigilon doesn’t break out hardwares and software they do one number. Any insight you can share with us in terms of that revenue stream, you're going to be bringing on how much of that its software versus the body cams. 
Gregory Brown: I think Paul, we really for that, we will get more detail at TAM and when we close and we will just aggregate it a bit more. 
Paul Silverstein: But one last question if I may, it seems to be going so well, in terms of the greatest variables levers for better or worse as you look at '18 and beyond, I trust it's on the revenue line. You have done such a good job with OpEx, and it sounds like gross margin there is not a lot of room either way. If in fact it is revenue, what would be the variables that could drive significant upside or downside in the most prominent ones. 
Gregory Brown: I would answer it this way, I mean I think we're pretty prudent to begin within in the way we guide the firm in Q1 in an annualized basis. You can never can tell of course but I think we pretty effectively risk adjusted our thinking around Q1 and the full year, both from a revenue standpoint and an EPS standpoint.  I'm particularly comforted by the performance of the record backlog and the composition of the aged backlog that Gino referenced being higher going into '18 then '17. The environment is strong right now, geopolitically, we grew in every region and it looks like we have the opportunity to grow in every region again. And we're anchored by North America which continually performs very strongly. Second, I think I really like the performance in the low end LMR business what we also refer to as the commercial markets group. I think Molloy's team and Brda product team have performed exceptionally well there. And were executing quite well, I mean we made changes on people, we've moved more front facing bag carrying photo carrying people to the front lines, we continue to prudently manage OpEx and I think do it a better job globally around our channel management. Now that’s not meant to be commercial, as there is lot more work to do, but I think the foundation of growth, the durability to earnings, the visibility we have in the business, positions us quite well for 2018. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. 
Ben Bollin : First one, there is been some references to the better positioning of the age backlog. I know that you will give percentage of products and service backlog you expect to recognize; can you give us that percentage now? And then my follow on, I know the company, it sounds like you've implemented a number of dedicated sales initiatives in the commercial end market pursuing specific verticals. Could you take us through a little bit of what you've done and if you feel like there's more opportunity where you could do that in other verticals or if you're seeing additional verticals come online beyond oil and gas and heavy industry, things like that? Thank you. 
Gregory Brown: And I’ll take, this is Jack. I'll take the second half of the question related to commercial markets. I'll answer it by saying, when I previously led the North American business, I came in in 2015 and we had all of $7 million in total backlog in that market. We had a small team, I believe it was less than 10 people, they were appointed just really at oil and gas market, which as you know, is highly cyclical. Subsequent to that, we have built a team that's gone after the utility market, which has been our highest performing market in commercial last two years in North America. A year ago, we scaled into transportation logistics and manufacturing and we've got a sizable team really and really, been really focused at the Fortune kind of 300 level. We think that's we play most and we've also got an incredible force multiplier in terms of our channel and they have done an outstanding job in covering the small midsize business for us in North America.  Now pivot to internationally we've just stood up a commercial markets team, enterprise selling team in the Europe in the Middle East as well. Again, oil, a large manufacturing in the couriers, there is the target and so to your point, moving from just an oil and gas practice into really a multi, a manufacturing environment where really Bruce's portfolio scales quite well. So, I think, I feel pretty good about the coverage that we've built. And I do think Gino…
Gino Bonanotte: We're, we're really not in a position to disclose any elements of the, of the K right now, but I wouldn't suspect anything surprising in the K, as I said, we're in a better age backlog position and that extends to both a products and services. 
Operator: Thank you. We'll go back to George Notter with Jeffries. Please go ahead. 
George Notter: Hey guys, thanks a lot so letting me follow up. I guess I want to ask about the managed services initiative, certainly its very interesting for you guys and that expands the TAM around your LMR business. I saw that it was up 17% this year. Can you just talk about some of the moving parts inside that initiative, what are customers saying, what's receptivity look like, how does the pitch kind of work for them? Thanks A lot.
Jack Molloy: George, it's Jack. So, a good question, by the way, Kelly Mark leads our global managed and support service business. I think Kelly has done a great job. So, here’s really, if there's really an inflection point in the market that we've seen, this exists, in the last, kind of call it five to six years, historically, a good deal of our customers maintains their own network and think about these are labor union employees, they come at a pretty significant cost to the employee base.  And it was really an analog world we supplied our own parts essentially supplied all the parts around systems. The world through P25 is pivoted to really IT based networks, a lot of third party components which has driven the sophistication and frankly the complexity of the networks, which is opened the door for us because they're so they're quite sophisticated to maintain.  The other part of it is this whole thing about having 24-hour, 24/7 maintenance and more importantly potentially looking to move on to statewide network off just having regional control your network, which has really opened the door from managed services as well. We’ve invested knocks around the world network operations centers and so really frankly it's been a long slog in terms of North America and it's been an organic story but around the world we've also gone out as Greg and Gino outlined and acquired operators as well but all in every region grows, every region from managing supports centered will not only grow but as we kind said before grow in the mid to high single digits. 
George Notter: And can you tell me what percentage of the services business that might account for now, just as a curiosity.
Jack Molloy: 40% approximately 40% to 45%. 
Operator: Certainly, our final question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. 
Keith Housum : Just a little house keeping here, in terms of the share repurchase program that you guys have, obviously some cash news at the pension contribution and the Avigilon acquisition is there any thoughts in terms of what your share repurchase activity will be in FY'18. 
Gregory Brown: As we said, good question Keith. As now that we're kind normalized the balance sheet, the capital allocation framework is we suggest it would be 50% cash flow used for either share repurchase or M&A. Given that we plan to close, PlantCML in Q1 and Avigilon sometime in Q2 we're using cash on hand as well as short-term debt to fund the Avigilon acquisitions, so as a result our plan on share repurchase is very little in 2018 probably about a 75 million this year and that’s just to cover dilution but the remaining capital will be deployed, the remaining cash will be deployed to close those acquisitions. 
Keith Housum : Great make sense, and then if I seek one more here, R&D popped up here in the fourth quarter but that going forward or is just little more opportunity to invest in R&D this quarter versus what you expect for '18. 
Gregory Brown: I wouldn’t interrupt at one thing or another really it's probably really more just opportunistic although overall from an OpEx standpoint as Gino mentioned earlier we expect to drive OpEx down even further in '18 and that’s inclusive of acquisitions that have been completed already which has 20 million OpEx that becomes with it and it includes the 30 million headwinds from foreign exchange. So, we will continue to do what we need to do, surgically but impact fully around OpEx. 
Gino Bonanotte: George one point of correction, managed support services is a part of the overall composition services is not 45 its actually 65 or two third of that revenue. 
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor: Thank you. Let me just add a quick reminder of our upcoming financial analyst day February 27 in Chicago. Information about that can be found on our investor relations website. So, with that thank you and good night. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Stanley Kovler - Citi Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2017 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Service. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2016 annual reports on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. Before we begin, I'd like to take a moment to recognize all of the men and women in public safety. First responders work hard every day to serve and protect our communities, and their critical importance was exemplified during the recent natural disasters. We're dedicated to helping our customers to be their best in the moments that matter. So I'd also like to thank all of our employees for their role in assisting public safety to ensure that mission-critical communications remained operational during these extreme events over the last few months. With that, I turn to quarterly results and share a few thoughts about the business. First, Q3 was another outstanding quarter, driven by strong sales growth in our Land Mobile Radio business. Total revenue grew 7%. Organic revenue grew 5%. Organic revenue in North America also grew 5% and we grew organically in every region. These results reflect the continued customer demand for always-on, private, secure, reliable and redundant mission-critical voice communications. Second, we're raising our full-year outlook again for both revenue and EPS on continued LMR demand and execution, led by North America. We now expect full-year 2017 revenue growth of approximately 5% and non-GAAP EPS of $5.35 to $5.40. And finally, I'm especially pleased with our momentum heading into Q4 and into 2018. Not only have we grown revenues 6% year-to-date, but we also finished Q3 with record backlog. The primary driver of growth is continued strong demand in North America, which has year-to-date revenue growth of 4% and ending backlog up over $1 billion from a year ago. Considering that many of our systems typically last 10 to 20 years, this demand is a testament to the criticality and longevity of our LMR business. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook before returning for some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q3 results include revenue of $1.6 billion, up 7% versus last year, including approximately $40 million of revenue from acquisitions. Organic revenue was up 5%. GAAP operating earnings of $338 million, down $3 million from last year, non-GAAP operating earnings were $423 million, up 7% or $27 million from the prior year. Operating margins were 25.7% of sales, comparable to last year. GAAP earnings per share was $1.25, up 11% from $1.13 last year. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.53, up 12% from $1.37 last year. Ending backlog was $8.9 billion, up $768 million from last year. Product backlog was up $344 million and Services backlog was up $424 million. For the remainder of the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Q3 product sales were $989 million, up 8% from last year, led by North America and EMEA on continued demand for P25 systems for both public safety and commercial customers. Q3 Product segment operating income was $287 million or 29% of sales, up 260 basis points from last year, driven primarily by higher sales and lower OpEx. Gross margins were flat compared to the prior year. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.8 billion, up $344 million or 24% versus last year. This is the 12th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Sequentially, Products backlog was up $203 million or 13%. The year-over-year and sequential backlog growth continues to be driven by North America, which had 13 P25 system orders valued at over $10 million each. Turning to Services; Q3 services revenue was $656 million, up 7% from last year. Our Managed & Support services revenue grew 8%. Services operating income was $136 million or 20.7% of sales, down from 25% last year. As expected, gross margins returned to the mid-30s from the high 30s in the year ago quarter. As previously noted, we continue to expect gross margins in the mid-30% range for the Services segment. Additionally, OpEx was up $10 million in the segment, primarily as a result of acquisitions. Services backlog ended at $7.1 billion, up $424 million or 6% from last year, including approximately $400 million of Airwave backlog reduction. Sequentially, Services backlog is up $228 million, including $116 million of favorable currency adjustments. Services backlog continues to be driven primarily by North America demand for long-term Managed & Support services contract. Moving to operating expenses; total OpEx from continuing operations was $375 million, up $5 million from the year-ago quarter, inclusive of $12 million related to acquisitions. Other income and expense was $52 million compared to $48 million in the year-ago quarter. The Q3 effective tax rate was 29.9%. Turning to cash flow; Q3 operating cash flow was $270 million, a decrease of $78 million from last year, driven by higher working capital associated with the ERP implementation and higher tax payments. Free cash flow was $185 million, a decrease of $95 million from last year. From a trailing 12-month perspective, free cash flow was up $20 million. We expect approximately $1.2 billion in operating cash flow for 2017. We ended Q3 with cash of $717 million and a net debt position of $3.8 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $100 million of stock at an average price of $87.54 and we paid dividends of $76 million. Additionally, we paid $205 million in cash related to the acquisition of Kodiak. Today, we also announced an increase to our quarterly dividend of 11% to $0.52 per share. Turning to our outlook; we are raising our Q4 and full-year guidance. We expect Q4 revenue growth of approximately 3% with non-GAAP EPS between $2 and $2.05. We now expect full-year 2017 revenue growth of approximately 5% versus our previous forecast of 3% to 4%. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be $5.35 to $5.40, an increase from the prior outlook of $5.20 to $5.30. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 169 million shares. Full-year operating expenses are expected to be $1.48 billion, down approximately $15 million from 2016, including approximately $45 million of OpEx from acquisitions. We expect the full-year 2017 effective tax rate to be approximately 32% and operating cash flow is expected to be approximately $1.2 billion for the year. Looking at regional results; Americas revenue was up 9%, driven by organic growth of 5% in North America. This growth was driven by strong demand for P25 Products and Services, as well as demand for PCR products, serving commercial customers. Backlog is also up more than $1.2 billion year-over-year and up more than $500 million sequentially, as customers continue to invest in LMR solutions for the long term. EMEA was up 6% on strong demand in products, while backlog was down from the Airwave revenue conversion. Asia Pac was up 1%, primarily driven by Services. Finally, I'd like to end with some notable segment highlights. In our Products segment, we won several deals that include a $79 million award to deploy a P25 system for three counties in the State of Oregon; a $54 million award for a P25 system in Memphis, Tennessee; and a $24 million award for a P25 system in Burlington, New Jersey. In our Services segment, we were awarded three new Managed & Support contracts that extend support for P25 networks through the year 2028. These include a $26 million support contract in the Phoenix area, a $12 million contract for Stafford County, Virginia and a $10 million regional contract in Georgia. Additionally, from a technology perspective, we introduced the PSX Application Suite, providing push-to-talk, messaging and mapping applications designed specifically for public safety LTE users. We announced responder alert, technology that triggers automatic alerts to the command center for events such as weapon drawn or fired. The Motorola Public Safety LTE LEX F10 handset and the VML 750 vehicular modem were added to the FirstNet.com website and AT&T's speed portal. And finally, we closed the acquisition of Kodiak Networks, which provides push-to-talk over cellular solutions in North America, Latin America and Europe for customers such as AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, Bell Canada and Telefónica. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with three final thoughts. First, we raised our full-year revenue and EPS forecast again. Our customers continue to require always-on voice communication for mission-critical situations and that was reinforced by the reliability of our systems during the recent U.S. hurricanes. Second, I'm confident with our strategic position. We're leveraging our LMR systems installed base to attach incremental services, while simultaneously building complementary platforms for the command center and public safety LTE, which together provide the foundation for continued growth, continued cash generation and continued earnings expansion and shareholder return over the long term. And finally, with our record-ending backlog, I think we're very well positioned for continued growth heading into 2018. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers please limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so we can get as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Our first question is coming from Matthew Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thank you. Greg, I wanted to pick up on the last comment from your prepared remarks. Clearly, it's been a year of good momentum so far. But as we started thinking about going forward in 2018, just wondering if you can comment a little bit more about the sustainability of organic growth and just what you see as the biggest drivers behind that?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. I think that I'm really pleased, Matt, with our performance in Q3. It's our fourth consecutive quarter of organic growth as a company. As you know, 65% of our revenue is North America-based. So when I look at that, and I see that they've grown nine out of the last 11 quarters, I feel good about the ending backlog and I feel good about the foundation that we have to build on heading into next year. I think overall demand remains strong. It's been strong in North America. We've grown organically, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, in all regions. I think we've also seen strength in commercial markets, as well as state and local and federal. And quite frankly, I think overall, our execution and sales coverage is stronger than it was a year ago or 18 months ago. We do expect to grow in 2018 and we expect to grow organically in 2018. So – and that's with iDEN to be approximately down $20 million in 2018.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just quickly on FirstNet. So I think we're up to 28 states now that have opted in. Just wondering if at this point there's any incremental commentary that you have in the ramp and how we should think about the announcement that Verizon made in August and just where that fits into the picture more broadly?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. I don't think there's any real change that we have to update you on at this point in time. I think there's 28 or 29 states and territories that have opted in. We're encouraged by that. We think that's great. All the states have, as you know, Matt, till December 28 to make the decision of whether they opt-in or opt-out. Now that said, once that's all behind us, then the rubber meets the road on end-user decisions, decisions by city, municipality, county, state and the individual decisions of whether they switch to their existing carrier because it's a carrier-to-carrier switch and what they do. And we'll work with our partner, AT&T, to see how much traction we can get in that regard. The only other thing I'd say on the Verizon front, they're going to do what they're going to do, but we closed on the acquisition of Kodiak. Verizon uses Kodiak as a push-to-talk solution today. So we now have entre working with Verizon on that front. But I think we'll have a better update for you on the Q4 earnings call around FirstNet and our view in terms of fiscal 2018 financially.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Stanley Kovler - Citi: Thanks very much. Just a question on FirstNet and taking a slightly different angle on sort of the conversations you're having with customers, and is that having some effect at the field level with respect to sales cycles, do you get the sense that these deals that you're getting now, are customers essentially trying to lock in deals because of planning for FirstNet, or is it the opposite that there could be, in some cases, some push-outs? And then I have a follow-up for Gino. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I don't think – as we've said all along, I think it's been demonstrated in our results and what we see happening in the market, LTE is a data and broadband overlay network that's incremental to LMR. I don't think there's any change in buying pattern in LMR as a result of FirstNet. I think it's an adjunct activity that's going on in parallel. I mean, today Governor Wolf signed Pennsylvania to opt-in. Just a few quarters ago, we won back competitively the State of Pennsylvania for a land mobile radio network that will include an end-to-end system and several years of multi-year maintenance. So, I don't think the two meet.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. Stanley, it's Jack. Maybe to piggyback on what Greg said. Just this afternoon, I met with a customer from Halton, Canada, who just recently secured a private LTE network for Motorola. Interestingly enough, just 10 months ago, they signed an eight-year SUA in a P25 network that they procured just three years ago. So I think you'll see parallel paths, P25 will continue to be the mission-critical voice solution for our customer base. As Greg alluded to, hasn't slowed any discussions, hasn't slowed cycles. In fact, we closed 13 deals over $15 million, as Gino alluded to. In the conversation I had with Halton today was really around next-generation applications, mobile intelligence, how you ultimately link command center intelligence, which plays into the investments we're making there to making officers more efficient and optimize what they do from an intelligence perspective in the field. Think about moving records, CAD, those kinds of things into the field more seamlessly. So really it hasn't slowed, but we think there's a real good story on both ends in parallel path.
Stanley Kovler - Citi: Thanks. And just a clarification for Gino on the outlook. Can you give us a sense of how much FX tailwind we should think about for Q4 and then the full fiscal year and then just a sense for the now fiscal year 2017 organic growth embedded in that approximately 5% number? Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Stanley. I'll start with full year organic growth. Embedded in that number is organic growth of between 2% and 3% and that includes iDEN down $45 million in 2017. With respect to FX for the full year, it's de minimis. It's a push for the quarter based on rates right now approximately $20 million to $25 million in the Q4 – in our Q4 number.
Stanley Kovler - Citi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi, Greg, Gino.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Vijay. How are you?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey. Vijay.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, Andrew Sinclair, whom I know from Microsoft, is building an attractive software franchise at MSI. So I'd like to get your view, Greg, on how the software business and portfolio could start water-falling and impact the numbers into the new year. And then in state and local, we've seen recent hurricane events. Would those be near-term product cycle catalysts? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. On the second part first, we're really proud of the performance of our LMR systems during the hurricane season. That's why we demonstrated as one of the slides in that deck this time of the systems in Florida hit by Irma of the ones we monitor, how they stayed up. The communications stayed up, all the systems stayed up. It's pretty noteworthy and significant. By the way, the Q3 print really didn't have anything material at all as it relates to hurricanes. I think the opportunity for future add-on business or rebuild exists going forward, but the strength of Q3 was more around the fundamental core demand of what we're seeing, state and local, commercial, Federal, North America-led. Andrew Sinclair, really happy with the hire. You know that we're moving more toward software and services. Recurring revs – Services were 40% of our overall revenue in Q3. Recurring revenue was 27% of our revenue in Q3, and we've said that we will play a greater role in the command center. We've made acquisitions that reflect that stated strategy. We still anticipate closing Airbus PlantCML by the end of the year, but I think Andrew has hit the ground running.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Vijay, this is Bruce Brda. Just to add a little bit. Let me remind you, the investments in software are both in the command center, as Jack said. So think workflow applications, 911, CAD, records, Dispatch Console, with an analytics wrapper around it; and then, secondarily communication and collaboration applications, so what we're delivering to FirstNet and other broadband customers around the world. Increasingly, we'll be delivering those solutions cloud-based and as a service. As you mentioned Andrew, we've also added a couple of other senior leaders to Andrew's team and are making really good progress as we start to integrate those individual software applications into a true suite that we can deliver to the command center.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks a lot. This is Kyle here for George. It was a seasonally strong Q3. I know Q4 is always your biggest quarter. It doesn't look like it from your guide, but I'm just wondering if there's any – if there was any pull-forward that you saw into Q3 for any reason across your customers?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Kyle, I think the best way to look at it is to take Q3 and Q4 and look at the second half in combination. I think that's reflected a bit in our guide. We still do expect to grow organically in Q4 this year, which would make it five quarters in a row. The only other thing I could mention to you is, Q4 last year was a monster. It was 12% revenue growth. So the year-on-year compare needs to be incorporated into that. Organic growth of Q4 last year was 4%. So that's part of it, and embedded in that is Latin America that grew 21% last Q4 and a public safety LTE project in the Middle East that's winding down. That's down about $30 million year-over-year. So I think that's the way to dimensionalize and contextualize the guidance. But I would point you to really Q3 and Q4, and look at them in combination. And then the organic growth is more reflective of traditionally what this business has done in certain periods.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. And are there any other comments you can add to – regarding the duration of backlog? Is it changing at all? And I know you mentioned the recurring revenue as a percent of sales in Q3. But just the combination of your recurring revs and total backlog, how much of that would be coming – getting converted in terms of what's expected with your guide for Q4?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I don't know the exact age backlog number, Kyle, but recurring revenue was up very slightly. I think the previous quarter was 26%. So it edges up a little bit to 27%. What we like in the backlog number is not only it being up, to your point, it's up in both Products and Services, and that Product backlog is up even in the face of an 8% print on Product revenue. So I would certainly think that, that backlog position, as I mentioned, bodes well for our performance in 2018. I don't have the age number on my fingertips for Q4.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Kyle, this is Gino. From a Q4 perspective, aged entering into the quarter, we are better aged entering Q4 than we were last year at the end of Q3. And you started the comment with Q4 not being the largest quarter. Q4 will still be our largest quarter. And if you look at it from a percentage perspective, from a linearity perspective, it's within a point or so of the normal linearity that we would experience during any particular year.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. That's very helpful. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks guys.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kyle.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for the opportunity. So, Greg, if you look at Kodiak, perhaps you can provide a little bit more color on that and help us understand a little bit more how that falls into your universe? I mean, is your customer the carrier themselves or is it the public safety agency? And I guess how is the billing for that done? Just trying to understand that a little bit more.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Just to remind you, when we contemplated the Kodiak acquisition, it was – for me, it was designed around a mid-tier solution, and quite frankly, it was more around commercial markets. And to have a carrier-centric, carrier-integrated solution in addition to our premises-based solution.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Keith, this is Bruce Brda. Just a couple of more comments. WAVE 7000 is really optimized around – as close as we can get broadband to LMR performance, so really performance-based, Kodiak carrier-integrated. So think of billing, provisioning, support systems, lawful intercept, all of those requirements driven by carriers. We sell the application to the carrier. They operate it. So we're actually paid dollars per sub per month, to the initial part of your question.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks. I appreciate that. And then just changing gears over to the Smart Public Safety Solutions, perhaps a little bit more color on how that's doing. Obviously, you guys had Spillman from the past few quarters now, the ability to combine that with your products. How is the growth going in that segment?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, in terms of software enterprise, I made a couple of comments a moment ago about the focus. It's both command center and then communication and collaboration apps. Kodiak fits in the comms and collaboration apps that I just discussed. The Spillman acquisition is going extremely well. It's been a highlight for us. We have generated the additional traction that we hope to get from our reach and, in fact, some cross-sell as well between ECW and Spillman as they serve largely the same tiers of the market, think of Tier 3 and Tier 2, for command centers.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Can we just get an update on what's going on over in the U.K. with both the Home Office and Airwave? And related to that, if you could just update us on kind of pipeline or what you're seeing for other large potential public safety LTE deals out there? Is there any more momentum growing in the international markets? Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Tim. Thanks for the question. We continue to work very closely with both actually the U.K. Home Office and EE on – it's a complex project. I mean, it's a one of a kind. So we're working closely with them. You've seen public announcements where they have kind of resized and re-estimated the timeline in that regard. I remind you that we don't have any revenue associated with ESN or the UK Home Office in 2017. That's one of the reasons why when we think about our LTE revenues for the full year in 2017, they're probably closer to $80 million to $90 million this fiscal year than what we thought would be a higher number given to some of the ESN replan work. We continue to work closely with them. Bruce Brda, as you would imagine, has a whole team dedicated to them, and we're working closely accordingly shoulder to shoulder. In terms of other demand, anecdotally, Molloy mentioned Halton, Canada, while small, I think it's symbolic since they just purchased an LMR system a few quarters ago. There's also an LTE Asia Pac customer that I think will make a decision probably in Q1 and it's more in the tens of millions of dollars than the size of some of our other previous awards. But that's really the only next one on the horizon that comes to mind. I think it will be first three or four months in 2018. And I think generally speaking, we're working hard and well positioned.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And just a follow-up, are you seeing the same LMR successes that you're seeing in the U.S., are you seeing the international markets still strong on the LMR systems?
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Tim, it's Jack. We are. In fact, if I think about every continent, we've got opportunities, large-scale opportunities in the Middle East, in Africa and Asia Pac as well. Outside the U.S., we've got big both TETRA and P25 opportunities in every region of the world right now.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think that will do it. Thanks, everybody, for your time. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc. John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2017 second quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Solutions; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales and Service. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/ investor, which are intended to supplement this call. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call, in the risk factors section of our 2016 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update these forward-looking statements. I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon and thank you for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. So first, our strong Q2 results. We continue to build momentum in the second quarter, posting revenue growth of 5% and earnings per share growth of 9%. We grew in both Products and Services. We grew organically and we grew backlog, primarily driven by systems demand in North America. Our land mobile radio business continues to lead the way as both public safety and commercial customers continue to demand always on private, secure, resilient and redundant mission-critical voice communications. Second, our guidance; we're raising our full year guidance for both revenue and earnings per share based on our first half results and the ongoing demand visibility. We now expect full-year revenue growth of 3% to 4% with higher earnings per share, as we continue to see strong demand across the globe for land mobile radio products and services. And finally, our investments in software, we announced our intent to acquire Airbus DS Communications, also known as PlantCML, which strengthens our suite of command center solutions for agencies of all sizes. Our command center software will improve the way our customers operate and provide critical intelligence across public safety workflows, from first responders in the field to operations staff at the command center. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on our Q2 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q2 results include revenue of $1.5 billion, up 5% versus last year. GAAP operating earnings of $257 million, up 15% from last year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were up $4 million to $328 million. Operating margins were down 80 basis points to 21.9%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.78, up 28% from $0.61 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.12, up 9% from $1.03 last year. Ending backlog was $8.5 billion, up $265 million from last year. Products backlog was up $204 million and Services backlog was up $61 million. Additionally, aged backlog for the remainder of the year is higher than at this point last year. For the remainder of the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. Q2 Product sales were $848 million, up 6% from last year, driven primarily by the Americas. We saw growth in every region, reflecting significant demand for our P25 LMR systems. Q2 Products segment operating income was $193 million or 22.8% of sales, up 80 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and lower OpEx. Gross margins were down, as expected, on higher system sales as well as inefficiencies associated with implementing our new ERP system during the quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect gross margins to be comparable to last year. Products segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.6 billion, up 15% or $204 million from last year, driven by North America. This is the 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth. Sequentially, Product backlog was up $1 million. Turning to Services. Q2 Services revenue was $649 million, up 3%, including $20 million of currency headwinds associated with Airwave. Managed & Support Services grew 3% or 7% in constant currency. Services operating income was $135 million or 20.8% of sales, down from 23.5% of sales last year. As expected, the operating margin decline was attributable to Airwave. We continue to expect full year Services gross margins to be comparable to last year. Services backlog ended at $6.9 billion, up $61 million from last year, including approximately $500 million of Airwave backlog reduction. Sequentially, Services backlog was up $3 million. Total OpEx was $367 million, up $4 million from the year-ago quarter. Excluding acquisitions, OpEx was down as expected versus last year. We continue to expect full-year OpEx to be down $10 million to $15 million inclusive of acquisitions. Other income and expense was $51 million, down from $57 million in the year-ago quarter. Net interest expense was $51 million compared to $54 million a year ago. The Q2 effective tax rate was 31.6%. Turning to cash flow. Q2 operating cash flow was $173 million, a decrease of $190 million from last year, primarily due to working capital timing associated with the ERP implementation. Free cash flow was $120 million, a decrease of $81 million from last year. On a year-to-date basis, both operating cash flow and free cash flow are up compared to the first half of 2016, and we continue to expect approximately $1.225 billion in operating cash flow for 2017. We ended Q2 with cash of $805 million and net debt of $3.7 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $80 million of stock at an average price of $83.59 and we paid $77 million in dividends. We also announced our intent to acquire the Airbus PlantCML business. Turning to our outlook; we expect Q3 sales to be up 3% to 4% versus last year and non-GAAP EPS between $1.36 and $1.41. As Greg mentioned, for the full year, we are raising both revenue and EPS guidance. We now expect full-year 2017 sales growth of 3% to 4% and non-GAAP EPS of $5.20 to $5.30. This assumes approximately 170 million fully diluted shares. Looking at regional results; Americas revenue was up 7%, driven by strong demand for P25 Products and Services. Backlog was also up year-over-year and sequentially in Products and Services as customers continue to invest in LMR systems. EMEA was down 1% due to approximately $20 million of UK currency headwinds, while Products was up 12%. Asia Pac was up 2% on strong product performance driven by P25 demand in Australia. Services was down on lower systems integration, while Managed & Support Services was up. I'd like to end with some notable highlights. During the quarter, we signed the FirstNet partnership agreement with AT&T, and we are encouraged that all states that have made a decision to-date have opted into the plan network. Additionally, during Q2, AT&T certified our LEX F10 FirstNet device, making us the only vendor with both a handheld device and a vehicular modem that is FirstNet ready. Some key product wins include a $43 million award for P25 devices in a major U.S. city; a $40 million P25 system in Broward County, Florida; and a $10 million P25 devices order in Australia. In Services, we secured a 10-year, $160 million contract for Managed & Support Services in Canada and a $90 million P25 system award covering three counties in Kentucky that includes a 10-year Managed & Support Services agreement. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a few thoughts. First, with an excellent start to the year and continued demand visibility, we expect to grow in all regions. And we are well-positioned for strong full year performance that's now reflected in our higher revenue and EPS guidance. Second, we continue to see customers invest in land mobile radio for the long term. North America Products revenue grew in 2015, again in 2016, and again in the first half of this year. Over that same time period, North America Products backlog has grown nearly $400 million. This solid ongoing demand speaks to the criticality and value of our LMR platform for mission-critical communications and confirms the coexistence of LMR and LTE over the long term. And finally, with the planned acquisition of Airbus DS, we're building what we believe is the most comprehensive command center suite in the industry, covering the critical workflows of call taking, dispatch, records management and crime analytics. As I look into the future of public safety, I'm pleased with our position and I'm pleased with our momentum. We're leveraging our LMR systems installed base, while simultaneously building incremental and complementary platforms for the command center and public safety LTE, which together, I think provide the foundation for continued growth, cash generation, earnings expansion and shareholder return over the long term. And I'll now turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many others as possible. Operator, would you please remind callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Matthew Cabral with Goldman Sachs.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thank you. I wanted to ask about software. Greg, you touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks. But clearly, this has been a big focus for you over the last 6 months or 12 months, organically and inorganically. So I'm just curious how you see the path forward for that business. And just thinking longer-term, how big you think it could become within the relative – within the revenue high over time?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. So, we're obviously pleased, most recently, with the Airbus DS PlantCML applications. We like the size of the addressable market for the command center. And what's included in that, whether it's 911 call taking, CAD dispatch, real-time analytics, records management, and as you pointed out, we have been steady – had a steady drumbeat of inorganic acquisitions to build out that suite. I think as we continue to make progress for the rest of this year and into next year, we'll complete what I think is the most comprehensive suite in the industry. We had Andrew Sinclair join the firm about four months ago. We feel good about his capabilities, his expertise and what he'll build and bring to us over time. I think that the most likely thing, Matt, we'll do is progress through the end of this year and probably do a pretty comprehensive review of the software business at our financial analyst meeting, which we anticipate will be Q1 of next year. Taking a step back, though, as we emphasize both software and management support services and what that could mean to us from a recurring revenue stream, just this past quarter in Q2, 29% of our overall revenue was recurring, which is a favorable trend, and we feel good about our ability to build on it.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And then on FirstNet, so it's been four months now since the contract was awarded and several states have opted in early. So just wondering if you can provide an update on how you see the opportunity both for next year and just thinking about a little bit longer term as well.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, feel good about the relationship with AT&T. We're pleased, as Gino mentioned in his remarks that all states have opted in. By the way, Michigan opted in just an hour ago, I think, representing the 9th state and 10th, including the U.S. Virgin Islands overall. So we have an agreement signed that was new since the last earnings call with AT&T. I think we can monetize this relationship in software and mobile apps, services interoperability between LTE and LMR, which I mentioned I think will coexist over the long term, as well as devices. We view the FirstNet opportunity as incremental. We don't count on any revenue this year. I mentioned a couple of months ago an estimate of about $40 million to $60 million for next year. I think for now, that's fine. We'll update you by the end of the year. But again, while states are opting in, there's a long way to go between now and the end of the year. And the ultimate success of FirstNet will depend on the actual penetration or loading of subscribers that switch from an existing wireless carrier over to FirstNet. And time will tell. But we feel very good about our portfolio and uniqueness in the space and the agreement with AT&T.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Just two, if I could here, follow on the FirstNet, Greg. Could you talk a little bit about when you can start engaging customers, so particularly for services or products that might not be a part of the AT&T deal? So in other words, when states come in, can you guys go see them and start the process on apps or software or integrated products or devices? And then, secondly, you talked a number of times about the LMR strength. Can you just give us a little flavor as to what you think is behind this? Is it capacity? Is it upgrades for new features? What do you think is driving it and how sustainable do you feel it's going to be?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, taking the second part first, we feel pretty good about the demand for land mobile radio. And obviously, it's pretty strong this quarter. We had an exceptionally strong Q4 of last year with Products revenue growing 9%. But as I mentioned, North America, which is two-thirds of the company's revenue, the demand has been pretty steady. 2015, 2016, the first half of this year, Product backlog, which is a reasonable indicator for visibility going forward, up about $400 million around – from a North America perspective over the same 10 quarters and the thing that I'm particularly pleased about in Q2 is the systems demand. So when these land mobile radio platforms or systems go in, they're going in for the long term, which you will then load with subscriber devices, which you'll then add to it with agencies and secondary and tertiary users and they typically go in with 10-year and 15-year maintenance agreements. So I think the demand has been pretty steady. I think also part of it is Molloy's team has been pretty consistent in execution. Latin America has gone from a negative to a positive and the team down there has done a very nice job. In EMEA, under new leadership in Mark Schmidl doing a very good job, new leadership in the channel organization, changes we've made, better execution. So I think it's a combination of demand being steady and strong around the globe, led by North America from a system standpoint and strong execution from the worldwide sales team.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Tim, this is Bruce Brda, maybe on your first question with respect to timing of FirstNet opportunity. We are today beginning to have discussions with customers on readying their LMR networks for LMR-LTE interoperability. So that is an opportunity we're pursuing today. The application sales and device sales will obviously follow subscribers actually opting in, subscribing to the network and then buying devices and applications to use on the network. So in the short term or near term, it's interoperability between LMR and LTE. And then the longer term, which will follow subscriber loading, would be applications and devices.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. First, Gino, I may have missed it in the press release, but can you repeat what the gross margin was in Services and Products for this quarter? And then, Greg, for you; just in terms of modeling for the rest of the year and into next year. So the two outstanding acquisitions that haven't closed yet are Kodiak and Plant. I want to make sure I'm not missing any others. Is there any way to kind of size those financially for us and kind of timing on when they close? And then as a follow-up, maybe if you could give us a sense of how you view the market opportunity for 911 and command center software? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: A couple of things. PlantCML, the Airbus acquisition, we expect to close at the end of the year. So there's nothing in 2017. Kodiak will not close yet and not in our guidance. It's pretty insignificant to the balance of 2017. It's not material and won't move it much. In terms of PlantCML, what I would point to is the revenue for 2016 was a little bit more than $100 million. So that's a reasonable reference point as you incorporate that into your thinking. Overall, again, to an earlier question I had, we like this space a lot. I mean, we leverage the land mobile radio systems installed base we have. But we're also building a pretty significant software platform, which involves a variety of acquisitions and at the moment, point solutions. I think over time, we can platform that business, integrate the software applications into a more comprehensive suite led by Andrew Sinclair. And I think the addressable market for the command center is a sizable one for us to pursue. So it makes sense for us to build that platform along with the public safety LTE platform as well.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Tavis, this is Gino. With respect to gross margins, in the release, we don't have the gross margin by segment. But as expected and recall during our last call, the guidance, our expectation was for gross margin to be down, driven primarily by a few things. One was Airwave FX and the purchase accounting adjustment, catch-up adjustment year-to-date in 2016. That would be obviously reflected in the Services gross margin, as well as a shift to systems in North America. Greg mentioned and I mentioned in prepared remarks, the strength of systems in North America, as well as some ERP-related – ERP implementation-related cost in Q2. So Q2 margin down approximately 160 basis points, spread across really those three issues. And I should say, as I said in the prepared remarks, our expectation is that gross margin in both Services and Products we expect to be comparable for the full year. And through the first half, margins are comparable despite the Airwave FX headwind and purchase accounting adjustment. Margins through the first half are comparable.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Just you mentioning a few moments ago, the ERP system, I guess, Gino, is there an update on the ERP system? And I guess, talk a little bit about the working capital impact from the ERP system. Is everything full steam ahead as of right now?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. So we cut over in April and we experienced some typical issues, we plan for them. Inventory, specifically inventory, ended higher and a little bit in receivables. The inventory – the ending inventory was driven by some difficulties in our planning module in the ERP implementation system. And from a receivables perspective, we had some invoices that went out later and were outside of the terms and moved into Q3. We expect the implementation to be largely complete by the end of Q3. And the implications are contemplated in our outlook. As I said in my prepared remarks, our expectation remains unchanged for operating cash flow for the full year.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks. And then just a little bit of color, if I could, on the comments you guys made regarding the $40 million to $60 million will be recognized first that perhaps next year, and I realize that number is a little bit soft there. But can you give us a little bit of color on what would that revenue represent? Is it a matter of just doing some general software work, or is it a per-user recognition you'll be recognizing there?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think it represents, at this point, an estimate for the composite total revenue. It could, to your point, include software and mobile applications. It could include Services activation. It could include the deployment of software we've developed, which interoperates and links, land mobile radio P25 with LTE networks. And of course, it could include a mix of devices, not just handhelds, but vehicular modems. So it's all of the above. It's a best guess, by the way. Most important of that is less the composition of how it comes in by product or software bucket but it assumes a certain loading level, a certain penetration level that we think is reasonable. But we'll have a better view of it in Q1.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stanley Kovler with Citi Research.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to see if you could contrast your commentary around the strength on the system side of your North America business with some press or FCC data that recently came out suggesting that the spectrum LMR licensing activity is quite low. And I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, Stan. No, as I mentioned, I think the demand – I'm very pleased with our demand, both as represented in revenue and backlog, led by North America and over the past several quarters. I saw the note that you referenced around land mobile radio licensing decline, I think there's a few things to note from a clarification standpoint. I'm not surprised by it at all, but at the same token, number one, a large number of customers are converting to P25 TDMA. That has a 2-to-1 spectral efficiency. So you'll literally need half the license than you previously would need as you move to upgrade to a more efficient P25 TDMA deployment. In addition to that, number two, we're seeing more customers increase state-wide and region-wide deployments, taking advantage of the 700 megahertz frequency. The impact is the same. I mean, demand, if anything, continues to go up for LMR. But the actual system or license, spectrum licenses could decline because the systems are spread over new bands and they're much more spectrally efficient. So – and the last thing I'd mention is I know that that referenced a spike period of several years ago associated with narrowband. So while I think it's interesting, I do not think it's a good proxy or a correlation to use to judge the demand for our land mobile radio business, in particular, P25, because all systems are green and over a sustainable period of time and through the second half of this year.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's great. Thanks for the color. And my follow-up is just more around the transition, longer-term from LMR to LTE. It sounds like there could be some push-to-talk transition discussions around March 2019. And in the similar vein to what happened in the UK with the timeline pushing back on the transition there, could we see some of that in the U.S. as well as people begin into dig into when the transition or the cutoff could happen?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, I think there's a couple of things to note. There's a difference between push-to-talk over cellular and mission-critical push-to-talk over cellular. I think the demand that we're seeing for land mobile radio systems and product backlog, along with these customers buying brand-new systems with 10-year and 15-year maintenance, speaks to what they think firsthand, North America-led, U.S.-led on the criticality, durability and longevity of land mobile radio here. I think that you'll read and hear things about other push-to-talk solutions. The confusing thing is some people call it mission-critical push-to-talk, whether they reference it in 3GPP release 13 or 14 or now they're talking about release 15. But I don't think it changes what we're seeing, which is continued strong demand for P25 systems, U.S. led. The last thing I'd mentioned is, we now have won five of the largest public safety LTE awards in the world, Los Angeles, FirstNet as a subcontractor to AT&T, the UK Home Office in the form of ESN; and two countries in the Middle East. And what we see in all of those cases, five out of five is continued strong investment, either upgrading or in some cases, brand-new land mobile radio, which speaks to the coexistence and the expectation by our customers that public safety LTE will be data focused and video focused, while mission-critical voice will continue to be provisioned over P25.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So I wanted to ask about Managed Services and just what the drivers there were. We saw some acceleration there. I know you called out these two deals. Is that the main reason that, that was up? Or are there other things going on there? Could you just give us a little more detail? And then, I guess, I wanted to come back to this FirstNet thing. We understand that you have unique relationships with all of these police offices and fire stations and so on, and those are not easy relationships to manage. And so you seem like you're in a pretty unique distribution position there and yet you've been repeatedly asked by us and others about whether you would have some kind of a commission generating distribution opportunity there and you keep sidestepping that question. I'm just wondering, is there sensitivity around that issue, or is it something that's not sorted out yet and there is an opportunity, but we just don't know whether it's going to develop? Or can you just give us a little bit more color on what might be going on with that specific issue? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Let's take the second one first. I'm not sure what you're referencing when you say sidestepping. We have agreements with AT&T, both on the product side and on the distribution side. They both have been signed, and we're pleased with the relationship. And we have a shoulder-to-shoulder relationship with AT&T. We feel very good about to pursue FirstNet opportunities. You're right that we have, I think, unparalleled direct sales coverage on these public safety agencies throughout the United States. I think that's a large part of why AT&T was interested in partnering with us, not just the technology and the innovation that Motorola Solutions brings, but the go-to-market expertise and the deep domain expertise and relationships that we've cultivated over the last several decades.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I guess, let me just clarify that. I guess, maybe that's too harsh a term. But it's the economics of that relationship that we still don't really understand. It feels to us like that ought to be the biggest opportunity for you guys financially. And we don't – but, yes, from your commentary, it's not super clear to us, if that really is the case. I mean maybe we just have the wrong end of the stick on that perception. So that's what's driving that question.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, I see what you're saying. Well, I think a couple of things. The point of clarification, we're trying to provide you to kind of chalk the field is the $40 million to $60 million for next year. Going beyond that, I think isn't worthwhile because we have to see the traction, penetration and subscriber loading. We don't disaggregate the detail, to your point, around how we monetize software, mobile apps, services, interoperability, what we charge for competitive reasons. And a disclosure standpoint, we want to maintain our edge in what we provide and not disclose what we don't need to. But we'll competitively bid and enthusiastically go head-to-head against anybody we need to. Well, I'm not trying to hide anything. I'm just suggesting that we're trying to give you the best estimate around revenue in the $40 million to $60 million without taking you through the disaggregation of each bucket, which I don't think is as meaningful. But again, I'd point to you the most important is actually the penetration and subscriber loading. And while nine states have opted in, we're waiting on 41 others. So there's still, I think, a lot of wood to chop between now and the end of the year. And I think we'll have perhaps more layers of clarity that you may like as we get into the beginning of next year.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then maybe a little more color on the Managed Services, if you have it?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. Go ahead, Gino.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Rod, this is Gino. Managed & Support Services have been growing in mid-single-digits for the past eight or nine quarters. It was purposeful. The design of – including the design of products and really, what's driving that, the underlying driver is, the technology becomes more and more complicated. It becomes more and more difficult for our customers to manage their own systems, and many of them look for us to manage the systems for them. So when we talk about the TAM around Managed & Support Services, what we're referring to is managing the systems that we have deployed.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: The other nice thing about Managed & Support Services is on a constant-currency basis, it grew 7% in Q2. So we continue to believe that Managed & Support Services will grow at a faster rate than Product. And I think Kelly, Mark and his team are doing a nice job on that front.
Rod Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Okay. Thanks guys.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. I joined the call late so maybe this has kind of asked. But it's more – a question for Greg on the sustainability of growth from here. And I just think about a few factors, I don't think your comp is necessarily that high and there were a number of – I'm talking about organic growth. And there your comps aren't necessarily that hard and you had a number of one-time issues and contracts rolling off last year that have now anniversaried. You've got decent backlog, you've got the public safety LTE. What's your confidence now, Greg, of just landing in that kind of lower single-digit revenue growth rate very consistently at least for the foreseeable future, as in, I'm not talking just Q3, but into 2017 and 2018, perhaps? And then the second question is, this was a long time ago. It may not be relevant anymore. But you once I think said that once public safety LTE hit, you might be a mid to high single-digit revenue growth company. Is that still something you think? I think I know a lot has changed since that was initially said. Is that something you think about on a long-term basis or should we not think about that for some reason?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I think a couple of things. Let's take the second one first. We talked about low-to-mid single-digit revenue growth all in over the long term. You're right as these incremental opportunities, whether it be public safety LTE or public safety LTE and command center software, I think as they get more traction and land mobile radio continues to be pretty solid and predictable, we move – yes, we have the opportunity to move more toward the right goalpost in that regard. How do I feel about growth overall? I feel pretty good about it referenced in the fact that we're taking the full year up to 3% to 4%. I feel good about it because it's underpinned by higher aged backlog. I feel good about it when I look at the desegregation of the segments and some of the key metrics we look at. I feel good about organic growth on a constant-currency basis in Q2 being 4%. And we're not going to guide for 2018 yet. But again, I think the momentum we have here, as we finish the second half of the year, I feel good about our position. And I feel very good about our momentum, Kulbinder.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then just maybe one more, just one follow-up to that.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Given the growth is happening – and we all waited a long time for that. So in terms of – on the operating cost side, you did just a very good job over the years of incrementally shaving off some OpEx. Is that still possible from the basis that we're at like – I'm not talking just near-term, I'm talking about – or is they need to maybe invest in the business to pursue some more of these initiatives? Can OpEx be held flat in like a 3%, 4% top line environment or is that changing in any way?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, we're doing both. We're cutting expense and simultaneously investing, I think, where we need to. So I think that's proved to be very effective, reference the operating leverage that you have seen recently. And then, quite frankly, I think we continue to expect, OpEx will be down $10 million to $15 million this year. That includes all of the acquisitions. If we take a look at 2018, while we're not going to get into the specifics, I would expect OpEx, excluding acquisitions, to continue to be down slightly on the base businesses. So I think the team continues to do things on the OpEx side and on the efficiency side, which avail themselves for us to take advantage of. By the way, we talked about the ERP implementation that we cut over in April. That would be on phase I completed here in Q3. Eventually, as we get more conversion and completion of that system, there's requisite efficiencies and IT costs and business process efficiencies that I think could be reflected over the longer term. That's in part why we invested in the ERP. So net-net, we will be down $10 million to $15 million this year, all in. And I think that operating leverage is expected to improve again in 2018.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Kulbinder, this is Gino. Just a couple of comments. First comment being $700 million reduction in OpEx is a little bit more than incremental. That's the way as you described it. Greg mentioned, OpEx and OpEx associated with acquisitions. For the full year in 2017, the acquisition OpEx number is $45 million. Inclusive of that $45 million, our expectation is to be down $10 million to $15 million.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. This is Kyle here for George. Thanks for taking the question. Wondering if you can provide an update on your thoughts around Airwave and ESN in the UK over the longer term? I believe the idea was floated out to use LTE for general mission-critical communications purposes and potentially use TETRA for direct mode use cases. Wondering how that changes your view on the total opportunity in the UK over the longer term. And once the ESN gets built out and I understand that it's going to be some time until that project kind of comes to fruition. So I'd like to get your thoughts on that. Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, on Airwave, we're expecting – things are going well, as expected, continue to progress. And for the full year in 2017, we're expecting Airwave revenue to be approximately $490 million. On ESN, we continue to work closely with the UK Home Office. It's a complex project. We're working closely with EE as well, the wireless carrier provider. We're working to deploy and test the software deliverables on our end. The project has gone through some changes. It's currently slated, as stated by the customer, to start mid-2018. But we have work to do on our end and we're staying very close to both EE and Home Office.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Kyle, this is Bruce Brda. With respect to direct mode, I think you're aware, LTE currently doesn't have a viable solution for direct mode. The UK Home Office has selected to go down a path of really two technologies, LTE for trunked or group communication, and then TETRA as a direct mode solution, so two technologies, two devices. We will compete for the direct mode TETRA device business at the right point in time. That opportunity hasn't surfaced yet, though.
Kyle McNealy - Jefferies LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Gino, could you possibly take a shot at giving us a sense of what the organic growth is implied in your Q3 guide for the business?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: For Q3, Andrew?
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Or for the full year?
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: For Q3.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: What I was going to say is, I am looking at the model and you've got sort of flat currency in Airwave so that should be kind of neutral in Q3 and you've got about $0.5 billion of acquisitions in the last four quarters and a much stronger euro heading into Q3. So I'm wondering if your guidance for Q3 embeds organic growth for the core business or not.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So Andrew, we'll start with the year. Certainly, for the full year, our expectation is for growth and growth in both Products and Services and organic growth. In Q3, as you said, Airwave is not the headwind that we had in Q2. But our expectation in Q3 is to grow Products and Services and grow organically as well.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: If I could just ask a follow-up on that.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: You spent about – you spent almost $0.5 billion in the last four quarters on acquisitions. The middle point of your range is 3.5% growth, which is $55 million of incremental revenue. I'm assuming that $0.5 billion got you more than $55 million. You've got a stronger euro. So how is it that you're growing organically?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: On 3% to 4% for the full year?
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: For Q3.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I'm not sure. Maybe we'll go through the model and your math, Andrew. I'm not sure...
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Well, if the full year is easier, do you have a sense of what the acquisitions are adding to 2017?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, for revenue amount...
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yes.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: ...in 2017? About $50 million, $50 million to $60 million for the full year.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. A question for you, Greg, you mentioned, I believe, correct me if I'm wrong, you said before that all five of the LTE contracts that you've won, you've seen investments in the LMR networks at the same time. Did I hear that correctly?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Right. We continue to see those five continue to invest in LMR.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: What – since you own the Airwave network, what investments are you making in that network?
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, I mean, they continue to use it. They continue to upgrade system software releases. They continue to add devices and interoperability between fire and police.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, this is Bruce. A key add that they are making now is the ability to interoperate between LTE and TETRA. That's an enhancement that's being made at this point in time.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start; if you could talk a little bit about the overall portfolio of software services you have available today in public safety LTE. How big would you say the portfolio is? What type of assets do you have versus what needs to be developed? And any implications on kind of investment levels over – whatever in the next 12 months or 18 months, and then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. So if you think about the command center software assets, we have our high end PremierOne product in records management complemented by Spillman, an acquisition we made last year. For real-time intelligence and analytics, we have Public Engines, a small acquisition, more nascent, but something that begins to give us traction on the analytic side. For CAD dispatch and voice, we also have our PremierOne CAD system at the high-end complemented by Spillman as well and a voice console. And for next-generation 911 call taking, we've got Emergency CallWorks for Tier 2 and tier 3 and now, the Airbus VESTA suite on the high end.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. The last item I had was, there seems to be a little bit of discussion out there about federal budgets specific to next year. I know that's a small percentage of the overall business. But there does seem to be some questions about the percentage of state, local and municipal funding that does come from federal grants. So I'm curious if you have any thoughts about what the environment could look like as you get into next year given some of the uncertainty And if you've had any of those discussions with customers, how they may be thinking about it? Thanks.
John P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Ben, it's Jack. So, first of all, just to kind of level set. The federal government business this year will be approximately $500 million, which was comparable to our 2016, which was up double digits. When you look at 2018, obviously, we're under a CR. But when you look at the supplemental budgets, both border patrol, customs and border patrol and DoD, are all in for incremental funding, which is good for us. I think you saw the recent announcement that we had a $461 million part of a multivendor award in the DoD for the army. And I think so when you think about that, it does a couple of things. It tells you there's continued and sustained interest in P25. And the second thing is just due to our sales coverage in the federal market is in these multi-vendor environments we perform very well. So we think about next year in the federal government, the budgets look to be favorable, the contractual mechanisms are favorable and we think we cover the market really well in Fed. So we're actually optimistic.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Before – that was the last question. Just for clarity, Andrew, on your question, the approximately $50 million of growth in Q3, half of it is the result of the acquisition of Spillman and Interexport, the other half is core. Remember, Plant and Kodiak are not closed yet. They are not in that number.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: That will wrap our Q2 call. Thank you for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Gopal Mehta - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kustor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2017 first quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Services; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join us for Q&A. We've posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the Risk Factors section of our 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks everybody for joining us today. I'll share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. Look, first, Q1 was a strong quarter and an excellent start to the year. We grew revenue 7%; ended the quarter with record backlog; we significantly expanded operating margins; we grew earnings; and we generated much higher cash flow. Second, I'm very pleased with our continued progress in Services. Our operational execution was strong, the Services segment growing double-digit this quarter including acquisitions, and we also acquired Interexport in Chile, adding a valuable managed services hub in Latin America. From a software perspective, we announced the planned acquisition of Kodiak Networks and hired Andrew Sinclair, a seasoned software executive, to lead our software efforts. Acquiring the Interexport and Kodiak assets demonstrate our continued commitment towards more recurring software and services revenue. And finally, we're thrilled to be part of the winning FirstNet team with AT&T. Our investments and innovation in public safety LTE include offerings of mobile applications, services, critically important LMR and LTE interoperability as well as next-generation devices. This FirstNet opportunity further validates our competitive position for both LMR and public safety LTE going forward. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q1 results include revenue of $1.3 billion, up 7% from last year. Excluding Airwave, revenue grew 3%. GAAP operating earnings of $176 million, up 76% from last year. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $224 million or 17.5% of sales, an increase of 360 basis points from the year-ago quarter. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.45 compared to $0.10 in the first quarter of 2016. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.71 versus $0.52 in the year-ago quarter, a 37% year-over-year increase. Ending backlog is up $129 million from last year. Product backlog is up $285 million. Services backlog is down $156 million driven by a $650 million reduction of Airwave backlog over the past 12 months. For the remainder of the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. Q1 product sales were $703 million, up $1 million from last year. Q1 Products segment operating income was $101 million or 14.4% of sales, up 240 basis points from last year, driven by improved gross margin and lower OpEx. Products segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.6 billion, an increase of 22% or $285 million from last year, driven by North America. Sequentially, product backlog increased $38 million, marking the fifth consecutive quarter of sequential backlog growth. Q1 Services revenue was $578 million, up 18%. Excluding Airwave, Managed and Support Services, grew 8%. Services operating income was $123 million, up $41 million from the prior year. Operating margins were 21.3%, an increase of 470 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales and gross margin. Services backlog ended at $6.9 billion, down $156 million from last year, driven by $650 million of Airwave backlog reduction. Sequentially, Services backlog is up $61 million driven primarily by the acquisition of Interexport. Moving to operating expenses. Total OpEx was $352 million, a decrease of $3 million from the year-ago quarter. Q1 2017 included an incremental $10 million of operating expenses related to acquisitions. Other income and expense was $59 million compared to $42 million last year. Net interest expense was $51 million compared to $49 million a year ago. The Q1 effective tax rate was 26%. Q1 operating cash flow was $142 million, an increase of $129 million, driven by higher earnings and a $52 million legal settlement. Free cash flow was $74 million, an increase of $112 million from last year. We ended Q1 with cash of $829 million and net debt of $3.6 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $178 million of stock at an average price of $80.82, paid $77 million of dividends and invested $55 million of cash in acquisitions. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q2 sales to be up 2% to 3%, including approximately $25 million of FX headwind, primarily driven by the British pound. We expect Q2 non-GAAP EPS between $0.98 and $1.03, including $0.05 of Airwave currency headwinds. Inclusive of Q1 results, the first half of 2017 is slightly above our prior expectations. We now expect full year 2017 sales to be at the high end of our prior range at approximately 2%, and we are raising non GAAP EPS to be in the range of $5.08 to $5.23. Looking at regional results. America's revenue grew 3% driven by strong demand for services in both North America and Latin America. Backlog is up in both Products and Services versus last year and up sequentially, as customers continue to invest in LMR systems. EMEA revenue increased 27%, including $58 million of incremental Airwave revenue for the full quarter. Excluding Airwave, EMEA was up 2% with growth in both Products and Services. Asia Pac was flat versus last year, with Australia continuing to be an area of strength for some of our most advanced public safety solutions. Finally, I'll end with some notable segment highlights. In our product segment, we launched WAVE OnCloud, a new subscription-based SaaS version of our WAVE solution that makes it simple to deploy, maintain and improve workgroup communications. WAVE OnCloud customers can integrate their radio systems with broadband networks, extending their reach to mobile users across various devices and networks. Additionally, we announced the acquisition of Kodiak Networks, a leading provider of broadband push-to-talk for commercial customers, which adds a carrier-integrated push-to-talk solution for mobile operators around the world. We also won several notable deals that included an $80 million award from a country in Europe to upgrade and manage its nationwide TETRA network, a $34 million reward to upgrade an existing P25 network in Northern California, and two P25 wins in Argentina totaling $10 million. In our Services segment, we acquired Interexport, a provider of managed services for communication systems to public safety and commercial users in Chile. Similar to our Airwave business, Interexport helps us deliver on our strategy to drive growth in our Managed and Support Services business. We also grew double digits in our Command Center software business, driven by the demand for our Spillman, Emergency CallWorks and PremierOne solutions. Finally, building on our Managed Services business in Australia, we signed a significant multi-year managed services contract with the Victoria Police. This contract will allow us to administer a full spectrum of solutions including hardware, software and purpose-built applications on multiple networks. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino, and let me just close with a few brief thoughts. Q1 was a strong start to the year on both the top and bottom lines. We grew in the Americas and in Europe. We grew organically. We grew earnings, demonstrating our significant operating leverage and we also continue to invest in new services and software that leverage the global installed base of our durable core land mobile radios business. Second, I'm especially pleased with our public safety LTE position going forward. In addition to being part of the FirstNet award, we've also won all four of the largest global public safety LTE awards to-date. Our commitment and investment to public safety has positioned us well. And in closing, I'm very pleased with our Q1 performance. I like the strength of our competitive position, and I'm encouraged by our momentum going forward. I'll now turn the call back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: Of course. Our first question is coming from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I was intrigued to hear your recent hire of Andrew Sinclair. Now you're talking about your WAVE OnCloud announcement and the Kodiak acquisition. It seems like the next-generation public safety we've been talking about over the last couple of years is becoming more tangible. Could you give us a sense of how big it is today in your business and when we will start seeing material revenues and material composition to growth coming from these new businesses, so interfacing public safety with mobile broadband and software solutions. And I have a quick follow-up on growth in Services.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. Well, look, we're especially pleased to hire Andrew from Skype, a seasoned executive. I think it's the next logical step for us as we formulate and shape a more cogent and significant software enterprise. I think, Pierre, embedded to your question is both software and services, and are pushed toward more recurring revenues in both software and services. Exiting last year, the recurring revenues in software and services were slightly higher than 25%. It would be our desire to finish this year with something north of that. I think you see us continuing to march forward on purposeful software acquisitions, whether it be in the Command Center with Software-as-a-Service with Spillman and Emergency CallWorks, or whether it's on the managed services side, both with Airwave a year ago and now Interexport in Chile. I think we will continue our march forward on more innovation, more software and services centricity and a greater percentage of our revenues over time being more recurring.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks, Greg. And quickly on Services. So, in the quarter, year on year, you bagged in about like $30 million of extra Services revenue, if I exceed WAVE (16:04) of course. And I was wondering how much of that was actually contributed by like your recent acquisition, like you mentioned Interexport. And then just wanted to confirm like essentially this growth is coming from managed services contract mostly and not other types of services.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, Pierre. This is Gino. Managed services did grow year-over-year, as we said, excluding Airwave, up 8%. If we exclude Spillman and Interexport, managed and support services grew 4% in the quarter.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Pierre.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Matt Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thank you. Just wanted to dig into your guidance for Q2. I guess revenue is up low single-digits year-over-year, but EPS is flat to down a little bit versus last year. So, I'm just curious what's driving the disconnect between the two and how we should think about the cadence of expenses as we go throughout the rest of 2017?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Matt. This is Gino. So, in Q2, we mentioned in the prepared comments that part of it is the FX impact year-over-year of Airwave. We also have a project mix within Q2 versus the prior year. The headwinds in gross margin in Q2 are temporary. The Airwave-related FX impact diminishes in Q3 and Q4. And with respect to expenses, we continue to expect OpEx to be down year-over-year. On the last call, we guided to approximately $20 million to $25 million. Now our expectation with the addition of the acquisition OpEx is for OpEx to be down about $10 million to $15 million for the full year.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Matt, in Q2, our 2% to 3% revenue guidance in constant currency is 4% to 5%, and the pound difference on the EPS line is worth $0.05. The last thing I'd just point to is the comment Gino made earlier that even with that, our first half, taking into account Q1 results and our guidance for Q2 today is slightly above the expectations that we had for the first half of the year on the last call.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then just on FirstNet, good to see Motorola officially now part of the contract. Just curious if you can give us a little bit more color on your role there, and just any dimensions of how to think about the size and timing of the opportunity going forward.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, first of all, we're thrilled to be on the winning team with AT&T. We've worked with them extensively for the last several quarters, well in excess of a year. I'll remind you that it took a long time. The middle-class jobs relate back (19:29) past five years ago. And I do complement the people at FirstNet and the team and Sue Swenson, because they did a hell of a job in a very complex thing to bring this to award. We're excited because this opportunity is all incremental to our core business. When we look at what it could include, it could include software and mobile applications. It could include services. I think the most critical piece will be the interoperability with the FirstNet network to interconnect and interoperate with our installed base of land mobile radio systems throughout the U.S. And it could include next-generation devices. We don't have any revenue in 2017. We haven't loaded any in 2018 yet. I think it's a bit too early, and it would be too early to guide or speculate. But we're thrilled to be working with AT&T, and obviously we will work more closely than ever with them going forward.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Kyle (20:43) in for George. I just wanted to dig in on gross margin a little bit further, particularly for the second quarter. I mean, you were higher this quarter, maybe indicating a bit lower for next quarter. I'm wondering if there's any projects that kind of shifted one quarter to the next. And then, I guess, also how much of it is implied to be a mix shift towards Services and other impacts like that? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Colin (21:09). And this is Gino. The first thing we should articulate is that our expectation of gross margin for the year has not changed. And the Q2, as we described it as specific to Q2, there is no underlying trend and no change in expectation for full year margins.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks. And I guess one other point on that. I mean, you've had some larger projects over the past two years, LA-RICS, Nødnett in Norway. I wonder if you could add some color on potential device opportunities into those networks and how that may impact your product segment and margins going forward.
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Colin (21:56). It's Jack Molloy. So, with respect to Nødnett and LA-RICS, we have been obviously selling them devices in an ongoing manner. I will tell you just in general, as we look at North America and rest of world, our device business continue to remain very solid. And I think that's a key point. We've invested from a go to market perspective in sales analytics. So, we've a real good sense of where legacy equipment is, and we've done a really good job in terms of analytics and getting after our legacy customer base as well as a competitive customer base to move them to APX in terms of ASTRO our next-generation TETRA devices in Europe and Asia.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. I think it's worth mentioning too. Molloy and his team had done a good job not only on devices, but in product in general, we mentioned backlog being at a record level. It's also worth noting Product backlog is up again and Product backlog is sitting at the highest level it's been in over four years. So, team executing well in addition to the strong Services growth.
Unknown Speaker: Great. And one last thing for me. With your Interexport acquisition, I'm just wondering how much revenue from that is implied in your guidance for Q2 and full year?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. This is Gino again, Colin (23:21). The impact of Interexport is approximately $50 million for the full year and the non-GAAP EPS impact is approximately $0.03 for 2017.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. That's it from me. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Could you talk a little bit about what's going on in the UK? It sounds like there might have been yet more push-outs to ESN. Could you just talk a little bit about what that means for both that contract as well as the Airwave deal? So, how should we think about the way those two interact and transpire over the next few years? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Tim. This is Bruce Brda. Thanks for the question. Let me start by saying, we continue to hit the deliverables we have for software applications, the build-out at data centers. And in that process, we're leveraging a lot of the expertise in physical assets we acquired with the Airwave acquisition. As you know, the Public Accounts Committee did a review, actually two reviews, two reports on the Airwave to ESN transition. And following the first report, the transition date, start of transition was moved from September of 2017 to mid-2018. The other piece of news that I would highlight is, Vodafone network that provides core ring connectivity between the cores within the Airwave network is being shutdown. At the end of Q1 2020, we're working with the Home Office to determine if there will be a gap between that time and ESN. And we're confident we can create a solution to provide longevity to the Airwave network for as long as UK Home Office needs it.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you. Then just a follow-up on FirstNet. Greg, could you talk a little bit about still a lot of questions out there about the impact that as the public safety LTE ramps and FirstNet ramps, the impact that'll have on the LMR business in the U.S. Could you just talk a little bit about the areas where you think it's fully additive and the areas where there might be some cannibalization risk, particularly on the device side? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think I view FirstNet as additive period for quite a long time. It's a data and video network for interoperable broadband that will interface with our narrowband mission-critical communications voice network. I think the big differences between a private network and a cellular network are things around coverage and capacity, cost and coverage. There's hardened encryption. There's so many different things that go into making a private, always on, reliable, secure, purpose-built network along with the devices that are very unique for the value proposition of public safety versus a FirstNet or a cellular type network. I think on devices, I see a scenario where people will wear two devices on their belt, a mission-critical communications radio and a next-generation device. We're well positioned to do that. To the extent, to your point, that may evolve over time because today every first responder in the U.S. or just about everyone, police officer, and they have two devices today. They have a radio for mission-critical communications voice and they have a smartphone over a carrier network that provisions 4G broadband today. We see that scenario replicating, in which case, that second new device is greenfield opportunity for us. If those devices merge over time and at some point in the future, we're better positioned than anybody given the domain expertise, the latency and the demand requirements around public safety to provide the integrated device. But if that happens, I see that is a long way off. So, FirstNet we see as purely incremental, Tim.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Good luck the next two days guys.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So, I just want to make sure I kind of understand all the puts and takes in this year. So, if I think about the guidance of up 2% that's about $120 million year-over-year. Spillman adds $50 million, Interexport adds $50 million, Airwave adds a bit. There's probably some foreign currency around the margins. So, generally kind of flattish organically. Am I missing any kind of big picture items there in that analysis? Secondly, is Kodiak in the guidance right now? And can you talk about the materiality or lack thereof of Kodiak? And then Gino, I forget if you gave a free cash flow guidance for the year. Obviously, Q1 was up significantly year-over-year. Maybe talk about what you expect for free cash flow in Q2 or for the full year. Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Tavis, as it relates to Kodiak, it's not contemplated in the guidance. Having said that, we expect it to close Q3, Q4 and it is immaterial either way in its revenue contribution this year. I think the approximately 2% annual revenue guidance that we're providing I would consider measured and prudent. We still expect organic growth for the full year, but it's very important for us to continue the drumbeat of meet or beat quarter after quarter. So, I think that's incorporated into the full year guidance outlook.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And Tavis, with respect to operating cash flow, the guidance for the full year was approximately $1.225 billion. We continue to expect that to be our operating cash flow number for the full year. We don't give forward guidance on the quarters as that moves around a little bit, but we continue to expect $1.225 billion for the full year.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And a quick follow-up, Greg, I feel like I have a good sense of what's driving Services backlog, but on Product backlog, is that primarily infrastructure or devices or both? And what types of contracts do you end up generating meaningful Product backlog from?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think the product backlog is primarily driven by devices. We've had one of our best quarters ever. In fact, I think it was our largest device quarter ever in Q4 of 2016. So, the execution by Molloy's team worldwide on devices remain strong. Having said that, it's worth noting that networks and systems provide the catalyst for driving multi-year managed and support services growth for the long-term. So, I think our device execution has been strong. But as we sell more networks, that's really the catalyst and the foundational bedrock to provide multi-year managed and support services growth as well, and I think the team is doing a good job on both right now.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Right. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Question for you regarding FirstNet, if you could drill down a little bit further. So, do we think about the services that Motorola provide at FirstNet would be similar to what Alliance was doing for the ESN?
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: In terms of the content that we could provide, I think it would be similar, software and applications and some services as well. I would also point out, as Greg mentioned earlier, interoperability between LTE and LMR is a major opportunity that is in place in the UK and we would expect to be in place in North America as well. On top of that, devices would be another area that we would expect to enjoy some business as FirstNet gets up and rolling.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: So, you guys are saying, cool. (33:10) Is it because the contracts haven't been defined yet exactly in terms of what exactly are we doing?
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think we're continuing to work closely with AT&T, and quite frankly, we're finalizing the individual buckets and the opportunities around each one.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Got it. And then like AT&T are talking about opening up their bands to the agencies as soon as the states choose to opt in or opt out, or actually to opt in, obviously. I imagine that's not going to be a criteria for you but (33:40) point, it's more when the network's ready, years down the road, correct?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I'm not sure if I understood the question. We can provide content independent of the band that the carrier makes available to public safety. I'm not sure if I answered your question, Keith.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Well, they're talking about, if state opts in by the end of the year that agencies will start using their services immediately. But to me, I understand it to be separate from when the FirstNet network is up and ready. Are these distinct events?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, when the service is launched, AT&T will not have deployed Band Class 14. And they can put to use all of their consumer bands that exist today. Later, and over time, they'll build out Band Class 14 nationwide and then that band will additionally be used by public safety, additionally and primarily used by public safety, but they will have the ability to offer all bands available today to public safety as soon as the FirstNet service is launched.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you very much. I just wanted to ask a little bit more on M&A. Could you help us understand how you're prioritizing and thinking about cash return versus M&A outside of the large acquisition that you made last year? It seems like there's been a concerted effort on some software services types of deals. Can we expect may be an acceleration of that going forward? And then on the most recent one that you did, Kodiak, they've worked quite a bit with AT&T on push-to-talk over cellular. So, how does it fit into your WAVE portfolio? And how should we think about that segment of the business evolving? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: From a Kodiak perspective, we've actually been thinking about this and working on it for a long period of time. Quite frankly, with having nothing to do and out of the context of FirstNet. WAVE is our current lead solution for broadband push-to-talk. Kodiak gives us a carrier-integrated, carrier-centric solution for push-to-talk over cellular for commercial customers. Your other question was around, what was it again?
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: M&A.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: M&A, I don't think anything has changed. We continue to march forward with the prioritization around software and services as we've talked about, Command Center software, managed and support services, things and areas that reinforce our platform and solution orientation. Our capital allocation framework hasn't changed. So, I think we talked about 600 million for the full year being fungible and available for either share repurchase or M&A that we found attractive or accretive. I don't think that's changed. We did purchase $178 million of shares in Q1 at a price of 80, 82 (36:39) because we thought that was the sound use of capital. So, I think we continually think in terms of capital return to the shareholder as well as M&A, and we'll look to optimize that every quarter going forward.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. And if I can just follow-up on your Product revenue growth. Last quarter, in December, you had a very significant increase in Product revenue growth year-over-year. How should we think about the growth in Products for the balance of 2017 and what the outlook is there? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, there is really no change in our outlook for 2017. Again, strong backlog, strong order performance in Q1, and very solid aging for the remainder of the year versus last year. Q1 was relatively flat in Products, following Q4 at 9% growth. So, we continue to see healthy demand across all our Product categories, and really confirms the durability and longevity of LMR. That, in addition with our Services backlog, multiple year 10 to 15-year service contracts again confirm the durability of LMR.
Stanley Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ashwin filling in for Rod. I guess my first question is for Greg. I was wondering if you could comment on the visibility in the U.S. fiber business here. It appears like engagement levels are strong there. Can you comment on the level of visibility and any update on your U.S. growth expectations? And my next question is on, going back to the discussion around FirstNet, it sounds like AT&T is signaling that they could start some network deployments by the end of this year maybe ramp up next year. So, when we think about opportunity for MSI, what potential lack could MSI see in some of the revenues flowing through?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of the second one first, I mean I don't want to speak for AT&T, they're the prime contractor. They'll take the lead and the pace and scope that they end up rolling out and delivering is really their decision working with the individual states. As I mentioned, we don't expect anything this year. Nothing is built into next year at the moment. I think it's steady as she goes and we have to evaluate all the activities and what ultimately happens and gets decided between now and the end of the year, how that maps into activity for 2018. In terms of visibility, our aged backlog is higher at this point for the balance of the year than it was a year ago. I think that we've got pretty good visibility into the business. We worked with a six-quarter rolling forecast with Jack Molloy and all the field general managers. As it relates to demand in the U.S., the Americas in Q1 grew 3%. North America was 2% of that. If you were to dimensionalize the U.S. Federal business as a segment within North America, we expect it to be comparable this year over last year about $500 million, but I think the business is performing in a more balanced way, and we grew in every region in Q1. Asia Pac was flat, but we have growth in the others and it is conceivable all feeders can grow for the balance of 2017. So it's more balanced, and that's embedded in the guidance we provided.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And Gino, I guess, could you comment on the integration services a little bit? Looks like it did end this quarter. Any comments there?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: On integration services specifically or managed...
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, integration services.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: ...and support services. Really no comment on integration services. That matches infrastructure deployments, and it kind of goes along with infrastructure deployments but no specific comments on integration services. Clearly, we're very pleased with the continued performance in managed and support services, continuing to grow mid-single digits recurring revenue, but no real commentary. Nothing really to comment on in Q1 with respect to systems integration.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. This is Brian on for Vijay. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe circling back to the question earlier. Could you maybe provide us some first-person demand color on the government end markets? So, maybe what you're hearing from your sales force or IT organizations at like the federal, state, local level in terms of purchasing trends for the rest of this year?
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Sure, Brian. Hi, it's Jack. I think we'll start with just to kind of reiterate, Greg just talked about, first of all, I'll start with the federal government. I would say, first of all, as he said it's comparable to 2016, but there are some things that we're hearing from our sales team that could be beneficial. Namely, the supplemental budget that's in play right now includes additional funding for both border security and defense. So, as we think about those from a demand driver, we think that could be beneficial here as we work our way through 2017. From a state and local perspective, Brian, we've been really pleased with the performance. Really going back to 2015, the performance has been strong. State and local budgets, particularly as they apply to public safety, and that's important because there's a stickiness to public safety funding given the crime patterns that we see throughout the U.S. right now, they remain solid. Spoke to it earlier, device business remains solid as well as infrastructure. And I think the important thing there is, infrastructure as well as the managed and support services that those sales drive. So that's also been good. The third element, and Greg made reference to it last quarter, is the commercial markets. So, we've increased our hiring of sales head count effective, really early 2015 and that's starting to obviously yield dividends for us and think about that in terms of the utility marketplace, oil and gas marketplace, and most recently we've made incremental hires in terms of transportation logistics and manufacturing. And we've seen both of those markets in the U.S. start to yield PCR like system sales for us. So, all in, if we think about those three elements in North America, the demand drivers look very positive for us.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good evening, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Greg, I was hoping you could start by talking a little bit about the sources of funding in budgets that are out there for LMR and if you think those same budgets and same sources of funding will be allocated to FirstNet, any risk that they're competing with one another for the same budget dollars? And then I have a follow-up.
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hey, Ben. It's Jack. I'll take a swing at this. So, first of all, when you think about state and local budgets and that's really what we're talking about as we start to look to FirstNet, there's two separate funding budgets actually. Typically with state and local with the systems and the devices, those are public safety operational budgets that would be kind of more deemed to be traditionally CapEx budgets, meaning every year they've got a certain amount that they buy radios with. It's not unlike that they have funding to buy Ford Explorers or anything different. Now if you take a side piece of that, really over the course of the last 5 to 6, maybe 10 years, we've seen funding that's actually gone to fund the operational expense of data devices, and that's really the funding that'll start to come in play. And by the way, it hasn't been just AT&T. So, really AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, and to a smaller extent, T-Mobile, have really competed for that operational expense budget, the cell phone type data devices. Historically, used to be BlackBerries now moving to more iPhone, Android type devices. That budget's resident today. So, I think that budget will be what people look to move on in terms of FirstNet and getting data subscribers.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And the other question is, I know you hear this a lot, but how do you think about the timing and the issues that need to be resolved for mission-critical voice over LTE to be a realistic displacement risk to LMR at some point in time? Could you talk to what issues have to be resolved, and if you have any thoughts on the timing of when it could be a realistic threat to LMR?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. This is Bruce Brda. First of all, push-to-talk over cellular has been around for a long time and you can even go back two decades with Nextel. But with LTE-based service, the capacity has been out there in the network for four, five, six years with most carriers. There are a number of issues, though, with respect to the standards that need to continue to be enhanced to provide true mission-critical support for public safety. One that I would point out is direct mode operation. In most public safety environments at a incident scene, public safety will often switch to a direct mode operation. That doesn't exist in the LTE standards today. So, as one example, that would need to be solved and that needs to go through standards and then ripple through the ecosystem being built into chips, being built into products and then deployed into the market. So there's quite a long process that needs to take place before you could ever get to true mission-critical public safety grade LTE for push-to-talk services.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Bruce, if I could follow up on that response. Are there other ways to solve the direct mode issue than having to do it through the standards? Is it possible to carry repeaters in cars or certain other ways to solve that problem?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Not that have been investigated in the standards process to-date. One way that has been discussed is actually to carry two devices LMR to provide the direct mode but that doesn't really meet the objective of a replacement. It means you're going to continue to use two devices. But we participate in the standards in every aspect of the 3GPP standards especially around mission-critical operation and we're not aware of a great solution for this that will be available in the foreseeable future.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Right. I guess what happens to the UK emergency services network? I mean they obviously would have looked at this issue. They have an initial timeframe of end of 2019 to be in service. You mentioned not having mission-critical push-to-talk available, but they're planning on being in production at that point. So, where is the disconnect there?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think, Andrew, that's a better question for the customer than for us. Obviously, we provide Airwave today for the 300,000-plus first responders there with 99% coverage. ESN recently, as Bruce mentioned, was delayed nine months. They continue to work through their own targets, their own issues, and quite frankly, their own internal discussions around timing and feature functionality. In parallel to that, we're meeting all the application requirements and deliverable requirements around what's required for Motorola Solutions to deliver for ESN. So that's really up to them. We're providing Airwave. In parallel, we're meeting the milestones and deliverables for ESN. Ultimately, what they decide and when and how to deploy which or optimize whatever mix, we stand ready to serve them in whatever they determine, but that's their call.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. I appreciate the color. One quick follow-up. Was there any acquisition revenue from the Q3, Q4 acquisitions that were in the Product segment in Q1?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: De minimis, Andrew. Very, very little.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Primarily Services.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. I know most of the questions were answered, but I just had a quick one. On the litigation, just wanted to know if there's any sort of impact to your EPS as far as costs as that ramps up? And then, secondly, maybe can you let us know what your exposure to China is these days? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, in the HYT litigation, first of all, it's important to say that we're very confident in our case. We take really seriously the protection of our IP and protection of both the cost and the efforts around our innovation. And quite frankly, the HYT case is pretty compelling and reflects their systematic, egregious and illegal behavior. I'm especially pleased that the ITC formally launched their investigation at the end of April into HYT's unfair trade practices. We think that's appropriate. So, very confident on the merits of our position against that litigation. Yes, there's some incremental cost, but that's incorporated into both the Q2 and full year guidance that we've provided.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: And on China?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: China, I think, we expect our revenues in 2017 to be down against full China revenues in 2016, and we'll continue to manage that accordingly. China is about 3% of our revenue. And China has demonstrated a consistent and increasing preference for indigenous providers, which changes the landscape and continues to change the landscape there for us. But I think we've thought about it and we anticipate declining revenue from China that's built into our outlook.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Understood. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gopal Mehta with Cowen & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gopal Mehta - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. My question was answered. I'm good. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Great.
Operator: And we have no further questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Chris Kustor, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No, I think we're all set. Thanks for your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Stanley Kovler - Citi Investment Research (U.S.) Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kustor, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Kustor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2016 fourth quarter and full year earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Services; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for the Q&A portion of the call. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the risk factors section of our 2015 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. With that, I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q4 was an outstanding quarter, capping a very solid year. For the quarter, we grew revenue by 12%, including 4% organically. Additionally, we grew revenue in every region. Our Products segment revenue grew 9%, led by continuing strength in North America and reflecting the durability of our core LMR business. Second, 2016 was a pivotal year for us as we returned to growth. We strengthened our competitive position and grew revenues 6%, while ending the year with a record backlog position and our Services segment grew 18% to $2.4 billion, with Services now comprising 40% of our business. And lastly, I'm very confident in our position going forward. Since the split six years ago, MSI's annual total shareholder return has averaged over 20% a year. We've strengthened our product portfolio, dramatically reduced our cost profile, normalized the balance sheet, reduced our share count by 52%, refreshed our board and senior leadership team and completed four key software and services-based acquisitions just this past year. So with that baseline, I believe we're set up well for success going forward. As I think about 2017 and beyond, we remain fully committed to revenue growth, earnings growth, and continued cash flow improvement. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q4 results include revenue of $1.9 billion, up 12% from last year, including Airwave revenue of $124 million. The strong results were driven by growth in every region, 9% growth in Products and 18% growth in Services. GAAP operating earnings were $403 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $541 million, or 29% of sales, representing an improvement of 150 basis points from the year ago quarter. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.43 compared to a $1.56 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP EPS was $2.03 a share, up from a $1.58 in the year ago quarter, a 28% year-over-year increase. Ending backlog is up $1.9 billion from last year and $234 million sequentially. The $1.9 billion increase versus last year was driven by $1.25 billion from Airwave, $300 million from organic Managed and Support Services and $300 million from Products. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. For the full year, revenue grew 6%, including $462 million of Airwave revenue. Revenue excluding Airwave declined 2% on weakness in Latin America and parts of Europe in the first half, while both North America and Asia Pac grew for the full year. Managed and Support Services grew 49% in the full year and 5% excluding Airwave. Operating earnings were $1.4 billion, up $261 million, or 22% compared to the previous year. Earnings per share grew 48% to $4.92. Free cash flow was $894 million, up $48 million. Moving to the Products segment, Q4 Products sales were $1.23 billion, up 9% from the prior year, driven by growth in every region. Q4 Products operating income was $407 million, or 33% of sales, up 300 basis points from last year, driven by higher sales. Products backlog ended the quarter at $1.5 billion, up approximately $300 million from last year, primarily on continued strength in North America. Sequentially, backlog was up $102 million, also driven by strong order volume in North America. Q4 Services revenue was $657 million, up 18%, including $124 million of Airwave. Excluding Airwave, Managed and Support Services grew 5%. Services operating income was $134 million, or 20% of revenue. Operating margins were down year-on-year due to higher integration costs associated with the completion of the Norway implementation phase as well as higher incentive costs for the 2016 backlog performance. Services backlog ended at $6.9 billion, up $1.6 billion from last year. Of the $1.6 billion increase, Airwave was $1.25 billion, and organic Managed and Support Services was up $300 million, driven primarily by North America. Sequentially, Services backlog is up $133 million, driven by North America and Latin America, and it includes a $250 million adjustment primarily due to the British pound. Moving to operating expenses, total OpEx in Q4 was $408 million, up $22 million from the year ago quarter, driven primarily by M&A expenses and higher incentives associated with our 2016 record backlog performance. It's important to note that from a run-rate perspective, we achieved our 2016 target and remain on track for structural reductions to OpEx. For the year, we reduced operating expenses by approximately $80 million. Other income and expense in Q4 was $41 million compared to $51 million in the year ago quarter. The Q4 effective tax rate was 31%, and for the full year 2016, the effective tax rate was also 31%. Moving to cash and capital allocation, Q4 operating cash flow was $513 million, an increase of $98 million from last year, driven by higher revenue and EBITDA. Free cash flow was $453 million, up $82 million. We ended Q4 in a net debt position of $3.4 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $114 million of stock, paid out $68 million in dividends and repaid the term loan related to the Airwave acquisition. We also invested $246 million in software solutions with the acquisitions of Spillman Technologies, Gridstone and Cyfas. Capital return for 2016 was $2.4 billion. This is comprised of acquisitions of $1.3 billion, share buybacks of $842 million at an average price of $70.28 and dividends of $280 million. Turning to our outlook, we expect Q1 sales growth of 3% to 5% and EPS between $0.52 and $0.57. This outlook reflects approximately $50 million of incremental Airwave revenue versus the year ago quarter and an average diluted share count of approximately 170 million shares, and it's based on current FX rates. For the full year 2017, we expect revenue growth of 1% to 2% and EPS of $5.05 to $5.20. We expect operating cash flow to grow by approximately $50 million to $1.225 billion and free cash flow to be approximately $950 million. This outlook is based on current foreign exchange rates and assumes Airwave revenue to be approximately flat from the prior year due entirely to currency. Moving to regional results, North America grew 3% in Q4 and 2% for the full year, with approximately equal growth in both Products and Services. Backlog is up significantly in both Products and Services year-over-year and sequentially. Latin America revenue grew 21% in Q4 driven by Products. For the year, Latin America declined 20% on macroeconomic headwinds in the first half as well as expected iDEN declines. Ending backlog is up double-digits both year-over-year and sequentially, driven by large projects in Q4. EMEA grew 45% in Q4 inclusive of Airwave and was up 1% organically. For the year, EMEA grew 33% including Airwave, excluding Airwave EMEA declined 15%, driven primarily by approximately $100 million of lower Norway revenue associated with the completion of the implementation phase of the nationwide contract. Asia Pac revenue grew 15% for the quarter and 3% for the year, driven by the Products segment. Finally, I'd like to end with some notable segment highlights. The Products segment's strong results reflect our continued focus on innovation, cost efficiency and execution. A few examples of this innovation and investment include targeted acquisitions, including Spillman Technologies and Gridstone, which strengthened our software offerings for public safety. The release of new P25 and TETRA devices that provide advanced features and functionality, including Bluetooth 4.0, Wi-Fi and enhanced location services that enable future software and services opportunities. Norway and Sweden conducted their first major cross-border emergency response exercise supported by our software that enables fully interoperable multi-vendor radio communications. This land mobile radio cross-border collaboration is spurring additional interests from neighboring countries and illustrates the power of our LMR communications platform. Also, I want to mention some notable wins. A $140 million P25 system deployment for the Washington Metro Area Transit Authority, enabling seamless communication both above and below ground. $60 million to upgrade and maintain the citywide P25 system for the Metro Area of San Francisco and $40 million to upgrade a P25 system that expands coverage and enables interoperable communications unifying eight cities in Argentina. In the Services segment, we continue to grow our Managed and Support Services business around the world. Q4 multi-year service awards include wins in Texas, South Carolina, California, the United Kingdom, Argentina, China, and Latvia. Deals such as these help drive our Services backlog growth of nearly $300 million or 7% excluding Airwave. We expect our momentum in the Managed and Support Services business to continue as our customers choose Motorola expertise to help them navigate their fast-changing technology options at a predictable cost. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a few brief thoughts. 2016 was a strong year of execution and growth, especially considering the macroeconomic headwinds in Latin America and parts of Europe earlier in the year. For a little additional perspective, it's worth noting that North America grew each of the past two years and six of the last eight quarters, Asia Pac grew the past two years and EMEA returned to growth this year as well, all of which I think confirms the durability and longevity of our LMR platform. So while I'm pleased with our results, we'll continue to drive the business for improved operating leverage and revenue growth in 2017, and I expect our record backlog position entering this year to support our growth going forward. I'll now turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to please limit themselves to one question and a follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. I'm looking at 2017. I just want to make sure I have the right picture here. So your guide of 1% to 2% revenue growth, if I just saw iDEN and where currency is today, I get an adjustment of maybe $120 million to $130 million, which means that your organic growth is somewhere between 3% and 4%. So just wanted to make sure that's the right picture. And then if you can give us a sense of what gives you confidence in this organic growth, is that mostly Services or do you see growth in Products as well, and maybe in terms of geography? And then a quick follow-up, of course, on Q1. Your guide is below expectations and it seems like the seasonality between Q4 and Q1 is below what we've seen in recent years, so if you could explain us moving parts around that, it would be very helpful.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Pierre, make sure I capture everything and if I don't, please follow-up. But let's talk about 2017. So, you're right. We're guiding a 1% to 2% at the top line. You correctly articulated that it incorporates a few things, right? So, iDEN is a negative headwind of $50 million. There's an order for about – ESN for about $25 million that with the delay of ESN gets pushed out of 2017. And the third dimension is Airwave. Now, Airwave is flat, contemplated in this guidance at about $460 million in 2017. As a footnote, Pierre, if we were operating with the pound at the rate that when we closed Airwave, just under a year ago, that would yield $80 million – would have yielded $80 million of additional top line revenue this year in 2017. So that's kind of the chalk the field on the puts and takes in 2017. We do believe organic growth will continue in 2017 and we do believe we'll grow in both Products and the Services segments, which is assumed in the overall 1% to 2% envelope for 2017. For Q1, two points to make, right? So we look at Q1 and we look at Q4 more or less together. So, when we look – when Gino and I and Jack and Bruce, we look at Q4 and Q1 and combine those two quarters from a revenue and actually an EPS perspective, it's at or above where we thought it would be coming into Q4. So we had an exceptionally strong Q4 both on top and bottom, so I wouldn't necessarily get concerned about the linearity or the dimensions between the flow between the quarters. The other note, Pierre, is on Q1 EPS, we have a higher tax rate and we have higher interest expense in Q1. Those two items are worth about $0.08. So that should give you some other ingredients to help think about and dimensionalize the overall performance in Q4, Q1 and fiscal year 2017.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thanks, Greg. I think you've addressed everything.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, thank you. So you guys talked in this a little bit in the prepared remarks, but it looks like OpEx came in a little bit above where you're expecting for the full year. It seems like the first time that OpEx actually grew on a year-over-year basis for a while. So can you just dig in a little bit more into what drove that? And I know in the slide you said you're expecting OpEx down year-over-year in 2017. But is there a specific number that you're willing to throw out at this point in terms of a target that you're looking to take out?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Matthew, first of all, I would say that OpEx didn't come in higher – did not come in higher than expected. It came in exactly where we expected and we're achieving the run rate that we articulated previously. It's higher in Q4, primarily on M&A expenses and higher incentives accrued that are directly related to achieving a record backlog. So that's an expense I'll take all day long. If you look at Q1 OpEx, it's up a little bit modestly, flat to slightly up. But for the full year, we expect OpEx to be down roughly $20 million to $25 million. By the way, that's inclusive of about $40 million of acquisitions made. So overall, I'm very pleased with OpEx, on our run rate performance, the management team hit the targets they committed to me and we will reduce OpEx in 2017 over 2016 again and that's absorbing $40 million of acquisitions.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then on Services, it looks like there was a pretty big downtick in the operating margin just sequentially. Can you just expand a little bit more on what drove that and how should we think about the right level of profitability for that business going forward?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think Gino can chime in, but I think that the Services segment margin – operating margin was compressed primarily due to the completion of the Norway integration project and higher incentive accruals that were in Q4.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. The only point I'll make that in 2016, Matt, margins were up 470 basis points to 21.6% and we talked for several quarters about the drag on Services margin related to some large implementation projects and once we completed those projects and returned to the Services margin in the mid-30%, 35%, approximately, and that's our continued expectation. Margin overall for 2017, our expectation is comparable to 2016.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. Gino, I wonder if you could talk a little bit about cash flow and CapEx expectations in 2017. And then Greg, the backlog growth when you kind of make all the adjustments in 2017 was actually quite substantial, both in Product and Services. And I think you mentioned it was predominantly North America or skewed towards North America. Is this all LMR or is any of this LTE or other business lines? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I'll start with cash flow, Tavis, so cash flow expectation for 2017, we said up approximately $50 million in operating cash flow to $1.225 billion. And I will point you to the difference in cash tax rate 2016 to 2017. The 2016 cash rate was 8% and right now our view of 2017 is 15%. And free cash flow, we expect to be comparable to 2016, perhaps slightly lower, as we continue the build out of ESN as well as the ERP system deployment.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: CapEx? You covered?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: The other was backlog.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Aged backlog, Tavis, you're right, it was up nicely both sequentially and year-over-year. It is definitely overwhelmingly LMR and command center software. It's not LTE. Public Safety LTE for 2016 was about $140 million, by the way for 2017 we expect it to be comparable also around $140 million. So definitely the strength of our backlog is LMR driven and associated software around LMR.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Greg, following up on Public Safety LTE, obviously, we saw a push out at FirstNet. If you could just talk a little bit about planning assumptions around that and whether or not you think there's been any impact on other Public Safety LTE business in the U.S. kind of as we wait for that decision? And then secondly, could you just talk a little bit, give us some color on the two acquisitions. I think you mentioned an OpEx impact of $40 million. Could you talk little bit about what that could mean to the top line for 2017 and what do you think that could possibly add to the growth rate if we look out a few years? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, on FirstNet, Tim, nothing really new to report. We still anticipate FirstNet to be awarded by the end of Q1. We definitely view it, we have and we continue to view it as an incremental opportunity. There's no revenue at all in 2017 as you wouldn't expect that's contemplated with FirstNet. And we're still actively in the game. And we'll see how it unfolds. I think the opportunity there for us will be or could be around broadband enabled devices, mobile apps, software services, and I think we're well positioned there, especially given the coverage in the U.S. and the domain expertise around public safety. So that's really the long and short of it. We'll see what happens over the next few months. And what was your second question?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: It was OpEx related to the two acquisitions?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: OpEx. So Spillman...
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): It was more the revenue – what kind of revenue impact we could have and what it could do to growth rate?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. So the acquisitions obviously are contemplated in the guidance for full-year 2017, Spillman is about $50 million a year. And I think that the important part of that and those acquisitions is you – we have a Services business now that's 40% of total revenue. When we take software and services, I think it's about 43% or 44%. You will see us continue to invest both organically and look opportunistically inorganically around software and services. So the larger the LMR platform, and you saw our Products segment there, the broader the footprint. That's a greater opportunity to monetize on services, managed services, support services. We'll always be on the lookout for acquisitions that would be Airwave-like in their attractive characteristics where we can operate and take ownership of those networks. So I'm very pleased with the strategy and the execution of it. And also, we've talked about right going from critical communications to critical intelligence. And the critical intelligence is having a better footprint and incumbency in the command center, and Spillman hits the sweet spot among others with ECW in filling out that portfolio. So I think we're well positioned going forward.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks. I joined the call a little bit late, but maybe you answered this. Can you just say whether you've outlined what the impact of acquisitions is in this year's revenues for the various acquisitions that have closed and year-on-year? That's one thing. So I'm trying to think about your organic growth rate. And then the second thing is on the cost cutting side. I heard a talk about further OpEx reductions, just in – over the long term period of time, you guys have been very well in taking cost out, is there still this approach that you could grow the top line low single digits and keep OpEx flat or even continue to bring it down? Are we at the end of that kind of process? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Kulbinder, so in the acquisitions, it's just noteworthy to talk about the two most important. Airwave is flat year-on-year at about $460 million, that's contemplated in our guidance. And I just mentioned a few minutes earlier that Spillman, the most recent acquisition in Q4, is about $50 million of annualized revenues. So obviously that is contemplated in our full-year guidance.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. The only thing to add, Kulbinder, if you were late to the call, as Greg articulated earlier, we expect iDEN to be a $50 million headwind in 2017.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: If you're doing the math, the puts and takes.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, okay.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. From an OpEx standpoint, I'm really pleased with what we've done. We achieved the organic reductions that we set out to do in the beginning of the year. And we will take OpEx down again, anticipate it to do that in 2017. Kulbinder, probably about $20 million or $25 million, but that includes absorbing $40 million of acquisitions. So we continue to bring further efficiencies and higher productivity out of the footprint of the business, and leverage is positive because it flows through and as we're growing again and at a very core – at a very significant organic growth rate in Q4 of 4% and we do contemplate continued organic growth in 2017, I think we're set up well from a leverage and flow-through standpoint.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, guys. First question for you is more housekeeping. In your FY 2017 guidance, what's your share for repurchase assumption for the year?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: It's about 50% of operating cash flow if we look at the framework that we outlined. So, when you run the numbers on that, its about $600 million to be used for either share repurchase or acquisition, depending upon how we want to take opportunities that present themselves in front of the business. The other thing, Keith, I'd say is it's a framework, not a prescription. So, as we think about it, that's kind of the guidepost or the way we think about it from this point going forward, but we'll look at opportunities as they come, and Gino and I will make the decisions accordingly. We have a very flexible balance sheet and remember this business is – the cash flow is strong. It's $1-billion plus a year going forward, so I think we have the flexibility to do what we need to do.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Yeah, okay. And then more of a theoretical question for you here. I know it's kind of tough to answer, but I've got to ask it. Obviously, we've got a change in administration here, we have a new SEC head and there's some discussions of tax reform and border taxes and things of that nature. But just in general, how are you guys thinking about the change in administration, how it may impact the business?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So early days, obviously two weeks into the President's presidency, but I'm cautiously optimistic. I think the favorable trends to us – so a few things. Corporate tax reform reduction is obviously, the prospects of that is a positive and the notion of less red tape and less regulation also is positive. But those two things apply to all businesses. I think what's unique to us with this administration is it appears that they have a strong priority around law enforcement and security and I think those themes and trends could prove to be favorable to us. We'll see supporting us going forward. Obviously, it's very early. There's other things around trade, immigration, you know that two-thirds of our revenue is North America. If we take examples of China, which gets a lot of news and noise. China is about 3% of our overall revenue now, it was down over 20% last year. This year, we're contemplating it to be flat to down and the management of our business there, even though it's a significant opportunity, we've thought about it in the context of the guidance we've provided you. So I think we have it sized pretty well and I'm cautiously optimistic about some of the opportunities that we may be presented with.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to George Notter from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Mr. Notter, your line...
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Can you hear me?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, we can hear you, George.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Yeah, I'm turning off the mute here. So, great, if I can ask about Product growth, you guys are talking about organic Product growth this year, but I guess I'm curious about where you see the biggest levers in driving that organic Product growth? Is that mainly North America? I know there were some changes being made in the sales organization in terms of analytics exercises to kind of focus your selling effort. I know you guys are focused more on verticals. I think there maybe even some pricing changes. But can you just talk about the big levers on Product growth? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. Maybe Jack and I will tag team this, but I'm very pleased with where we are on it. Q4 was strong. It was lead by North America. By the way, we had a very good Q4 in PCR, or we call it Professional and Commercial Radio. So, that quarter for that line of businesses was better than several of the last quarters. So I was very pleased with the performance of Jack Molloy's team. I think that we had growth in North America for Products sales. We also had growth in Asia Pac. I think that was commensurately offset by, obviously, the dramatic weakness macroeconomically in Latin America and the first half weakness of EMEA. But overall, I like the position that we're in and I think that – I think we'll have Products segment sales growth for 2017 and there's opportunities that are in front of us in each regions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. Can you comment on your visibility probably beyond Q1, do you feel more comfortable now than you were at the same point last year?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: We do. I think we've continually done a better job of managing the funnel and sizing up demand and risk adjusting, backlog as we talked about both year-over-year and sequentially is up. Aged backlog is up pretty handsomely. So I think we have as good a view as we've ever had quite frankly from a visibility standpoint into the business as we sit here today.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just more specifically on the U.S., if we exclude from another (37:16) acquisitions, do you still anticipate to grow revenue here in the U.S.?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes, we do.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Stanley Kovler - Citi Investment Research (U.S.): Yeah, thank you. I wanted to just follow-up a little more on the Products segment. And I have a follow-up. So with respect to Product, I just wanted to get a better sense of where we are within the backlog as far as the aging of the backlog and some of the deals that have been there for some time, and what impact that's having on the current revenue trends in Products? And within that, if you can also help us understand in your installed base, is it a matter of the fleet of products that your customers have that's getting old, that's driving some of the end device Product revenue? And then the final piece of that Product question would be, I just want to better understand the software elements of Product. It sounded like when you add software to Services, it would increase to 43%, 44% of revenue. So, maybe you can just reiterate what the Product versus software mix in that overall Product pie is? Thank you very much.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, okay, so let me make sure I can try to capture everything and if I don't, Stanley, follow up. But we talked about that Services which includes installation services as 40% of our business for 2016. So when you add software in of a few hundred million, it takes it to about 43%. That's a 2016 view. I think there's a number of things that are driving demand for our business. Some of it is age of the technology and refresh it, but a lot of it is upgrading it in current releases. It's the need for newer digitally more spectrally efficient radios with more feature functionality, public safety has always remained high in the value chain of mission-critical communications, particularly in developed countries, certainly in North America. I think that continues to be a strong component of overall demand. Things around border security, immigration, long-haul terrorism in other parts of the country all lend itself to the need for mission-critical, encrypted, secure, end-to-end, reliable, redundant always on communications, very different than a smartphone, very different than a cellular network. And in these times, I think there are a variety of things that remind people and reinforce the need to invest in land mobile radio. I think each time we put in a system, we see, Stanley, many customers still buying 10-year and 15-year maintenance contracts on these systems and platforms that are going in. So in addition to that, the more systems that are in, people think about monetizing and upgrading from a services contract and adding other software to it. So there's a lot of different factors. It depends by region, but there's a number of drivers from a demand standpoint that I think reflected very favorably in Q4 and reflect the fact that we continue organically that this business will grow in 2017, by the way, in both segments of Product and software. I wasn't sure I totally understood the backlog question you asked. But I would simply say that it's up. First of all, it was up in three or four regions. And it was up in Product and Services and it was up year-over-year and sequentially. And aged backlog was up very nicely. And the aged backlog increase in combination with improved process that I talked about earlier gives us higher confidence in the visibility and hitting the growth targets that we outlined for top and bottom line guidance.
Stanley Kovler - Citi Investment Research (U.S.): Thanks. I appreciate it. Yeah, the aged backlog question was the key there, so I appreciate the detail. I also just wanted to follow up on some of the more commercial trends. If you can just walk us through globally what you have done in PCR, both in Q4 and what the outlook is in that segment of the business for 2017? Thanks a lot.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We don't guide by that PCR segment specifically. We haven't and we don't expect to. What I would say, Stanley, though is Jack Molloy's team is executing very well. Thematically, we grew – not thematically, we did grow in all four regions in Q4. It's the best quarter I've seen in the PCR, the Professional and Commercial Radio business in several quarters. It's a combination of improving the product portfolio, better execution, new management, particularly in EMEA, Viv Francis has done a fantastic job there. And we – I just think that the team is executing well. The portfolio is stronger than it was a year ago. And I think it's a good opportunity for us. It was a little spotty historically on execution, and historically we had a product gap or two on the very low end. I think Bruce Brda's team on portfolio and Molloy's team on sales coverage and execution have done some significant things to solidify that business since its history in the last year or so.
Stanley Kovler - Citi Investment Research (U.S.): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, guys. I'll actually try to ask one question, but it's a broad one. And I did hear the responses to the previous question. So, that said, where is the biggest delta? Greg, I heard you say that visibility is the best it's ever been and you articulated the reasons, but when you think about where things could go differently from your current expectations for better or worse, what's the one or two things that could drive greater – have the most impact in terms of greater growth or coming up short?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Paul, good question. I should just say that I think that we've done a much better job in the rhythm of meeting or beating expectations. And that's for a whole host of reasons, but I think it's important just to mention at the top that that remains front and center on us taking forecasting very seriously and all of us individually, collectively having every expectation to deliver on the commitments that we've outlined. That said as context, things in the unknown in 2017 you can never predict FX. We've certainly seen that in 2016. We had Brexit that I don't think a lot of people predicted in June, July, but we were still able to hit guidance both right exactly in the midpoint of revenue for 2016 and overachieved at the high end of EPS and I think that's a credit to Gino and the finance team as the way they kind of baked in the volatility or potential variability of Airwave in fiscal 2016. But Paul, for sure, one of the unknowns is FX. I think that that's really the one that comes to mind, top of mind, I think you get into – could there be an economic downturn or a trade war? Maybe. But again, 65% of our revenue is North America and when I look at – let's take Mexico and China, since they are the most talked about. China is 3% of our business and we're forecasting it to be flat to slightly down. Mexico is less than 1% of our business. So despite all of the chatter politically between the U.S. and Mexico, the fact of the matter is our business is very small there. If anything, I think there's opportunity there for us. But – so I think the answer to your question, the best thing is FX is the biggest wildcard and economic volatility associated with a trade war would be the other one.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Greg, if I may, just a clarification on the previous question. In terms of the plethora of drivers that you have, can you remind us what is the average age of, to assume (46:59) there is an average of your – on the Products side. And what percentage – and I recognize it's only one of the drivers, but what percentage is at or near that end of life?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Paul, I don't know the answer to that. I could tell you that there's just so many different systems. There's literally thousands of systems installed around the world. I think the last count I remember there's about 11,000 or 12,000 systems globally. They vary so widely, I wouldn't be able to estimate an average. So I don't know the answer to that.
Paul Silverstein - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Hi, Greg, Gino.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: How are you?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Hi, Vijay.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. A question and a sub-question, if I may. The question is, software and recurring revenues is an important part of your fundamental story. I'd like to get kind of state of the state, how would you view software and recurring revenues, both Product wise and also impact to model as we head into the year? And then the sub-question would be on product mix and seasonality, now with new administration, new heads of fed agencies et cetera, do you anticipate any changes in mix, any – the seasonal variations this year in your fed business? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: In terms of annuity revenue or recurring revenue, about 25% of our 2016 revenue is recurring revenue or has the profile of recurring revenue. We love that, obviously, from a managed services and software standpoint. We're going to be very flexible on business model going forward and we'd like to accommodate customers in different ways to sell them solutions flexibly. Could be selling as a product, could be selling as a service, but we'll price flexibly to accommodate the demand requirements of our customer set. From a seasonality standpoint, specifically with the U.S. federal business, I have to give a shout out to specifically Mark McNulty here at the U.S. Federal business that runs it. He's done a great job, he and his team. We had a very good year in 2016. Double-digit growth, above $500 million. As we think about it this year, we're thinking about it being comparable to that number figure, probably flat to low single-digit growth coming off such a very good year in 2016.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. Greg, first maybe can you give us like a situation maybe in the UK where ESN, let's say, gets delayed in a meaningful way. I mean, would that – should we consider that as a positive for your LMR business there? And then secondly, Gino, can you maybe explain the unfavorable currency adjustment in your backlog, it included $20 million, $15 million on a sequential basis in Q4 versus $50 million in Q3. I know the pound obviously is a part of that, but is there any other currency that you would sort of highlight?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. In terms of ESN, it has been delayed to mid-2018. But in terms of our responsibility for ESN, we're on track. Our deliverables are progressing well against the Lot 2 requirements, which is software for apps and the data center. We remained very closely aligned with the U.K. Home Office, so I think it's good. Now, I did mention earlier that with the delay, it's probably about $25 million of revenue that we had hoped for in 2017 that looks like it has gotten deferred outside of that. But nonetheless, we continue to work well with the U.K. Home Office. I think it's too early to speculate on impact on Airwave. So we'll just continue to work closely with the customer making sure obviously that Airwave performs the way it needs to and it has and I think it will continue to and from our expectation from a contract standpoint, we're very pleased with the Airwave acquisition. But we are equally cognizant of doing everything we can for the U.K. Home Office on ESN and we'll manage those interdependencies.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And with respect to the $215 million adjustment at the end of Q4, that was predominantly – primarily related to the pound.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. It appears we have no further questions at this time. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kustor, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No. Thank you for joining us today. We'll be – we'll talk soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Stanley Kovler - Citi Research Fahad Najam - Cowen & Co. LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kustor, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Kustor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2016 Third Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Services; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainty. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the risk factors section of our 2015 annual report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. We're particularly excited to be delivering this call from our new corporate headquarters in Chicago and home of the World Champion Chicago Cubs. Pretty special. Having said that, I'd like to share a few thoughts about the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q3 was an excellent quarter. Our operational execution and solid financial results were anchored by strength in North America and our growing Managed and Support Services business. We grew revenue 8% along with significant growth in earnings and $348 million of operating cash flow. Second, we continue to invest in developing our software and services portfolio, including the recently announced Spillman Technologies acquisition. Spillman's command center software is an important complementary addition to our existing software portfolio. And finally, I'm pleased to announce that we're raising our full-year guidance for earnings and also raising the dividend by 15%. And as I look to next year, we remain committed to growing revenue and cash flow with an efficient cost structure while driving even more innovation. So at this point, I'll turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Q3 results include revenue of $1.5 billion, up 8% versus last year, including Airwave revenue of $131 million. GAAP operating earnings of $341 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings of $396 million or 25.8% of sales, up 530 basis points from the year ago-quarter. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.13 compared to $0.63 in the third quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.37 versus $0.82 in the year-ago quarter, a 67% year-over-year increase. Ending backlog is up $2.1 billion versus last year, $1.4 billion from Airwave, $600 million from Managed and Support Services, primarily driven by North America, and $62 million from Products. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Q3 Product sales were $920 million, down 1% versus last year on solid North America performance, offset by a large P25 project in Africa last year and China softness. Q3 Product segment operating income was $243 million or 26.4% of sales, up 250 basis points versus last year, driven by lower OpEx. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.4 billion, up 5% or $62 million versus last year, driven by North America. Sequentially, Product backlog was up $63 million with growth in North America, Latin America and EMEA. Turning to Services, Q3 Services revenue was $612 million, up 23%, including Airwave. Excluding Airwave, Managed and Support Services grew 5%. Services operating income was $153 million, up $82 million from the prior year. Operating margins increased from 14.3% to 25% of revenue on Airwave contributions and improved gross margin. Services backlog ended at $6.7 billion, up $2.1 billion versus last year. Of the $2.1 billion increase, Airwave was $1.4 billion and organic Managed and Support Services was up over $600 million. Sequentially, services backlog is down $136 million due to currency adjustments related to the British pound and Airwave backlog conversion to revenue against a fixed contract. Moving to operating expenses. Total OpEx from continuing operations was $369 million, down $27 million or 7% from the year-ago quarter, driven by continued cost reduction activities. Other income and expense was $48 million compared to $34 million in the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by higher interest expense. The Q3 effective tax rate was 33%. Q3 operating cash flow was $348 million, an increase of $47 million, driven by higher earnings. Free cash flow was $280 million, an increase of $29 million versus last year. We ended Q3 with cash of $1.7 billion and a net debt position of $3.4 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $109 million of stock at an average price of $73.11 and we paid dividends of $70 million. Turning to our outlook. We expect Q4 sales growth of 9% to 10%, including $120 million from Airwave. We expect Q4 non-GAAP EPS between $1.82 and a $1.87. For the full-year 2016, we expect revenue growth of 5% to 6%, and we now expect non-GAAP EPS of $4.67 to $4.72 versus the prior outlook of $4.45 to $4.65. This assumes a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 173 million shares. Full-year operating expenses are expected to be down approximately $120 million versus 2015. We expect the full-year 2016 effective tax rate to be approximately 32%. Operating cash flow is still expected to be approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion and free cash flow of approximately $800 million to $900 million. Finally, share repurchases are expected to be in the range of $800 million to $900 million. Looking briefly at 2017, I'd like to make a few points. First, we now expect Airwave to be approximately flat given the current foreign exchange rates and we expect iDEN to decline by $50 million next year. That said, we continue to expect overall growth in 2017 and will provide a full outlook on our next call. Moving to regional results. North America had another strong quarter with 4% growth, driven by both Products and Services. The pipeline and backlog remained healthy, particularly for multiyear services. North America remains on track for low single-digit growth for the full year. As expected, Latin America was down $15 million or 17% on continued challenging macroeconomic conditions and a $9 million iDEN decline. While this market remains challenged, we do see some signs of stabilization. EMEA was up 34% including Airwave. Excluding Airwave, EMEA was down 20%, as expected, driven by difficult comps, including the Norway installation completion and a large P25 order last year. Asia Pac grew 2%, led by services growth, which was partially offset by continued softness in China. Finally, I'd like to end with some notable segment highlights. In our Products segment, we announced several new products, including the APX 8500 P25 all-band mobile radio. This device provides unlimited interoperability across Public Safety LMR networks as well as the ability to interface with 4G LTE carrier networks and over secure Wi-Fi networks. We also won several notable deals that include a $37 million award to expand a nationwide TETRA network in Africa, $34 million for two P25 contracts with the U.S. federal government, and a $20 million award for a P25 network with a large U.S. utility customer. In our Services segment, we opened a new Network Operations Center in Penang to deliver mission-critical support services to customers in the Asia Pacific region. We also have been demonstrating our vision for the command center of the future using a combination of virtual reality and eye-interaction technologies to immerse a public safety command center supervisor in an incident scene. This focus on the command center underlines the recent Spillman Technologies acquisition, which adds important software solutions to our command center software offerings. We expect these investments and market traction to continue, as exemplified by our recent $12 million award from the Los Angeles Police Department for a command center upgrade. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a few thoughts. First, I was pleased with our performance in Q3. We grew revenue and improved earnings and cash flow. We made investments and performed well in a number of key areas, including continued growth in our Managed and Support Services business and strong results in North America. Additionally, the $600 million of organic backlog growth in Managed and Support Services I think is a strong indication of the confidence expressed by our customers in the ongoing criticality and longevity of LMR into the future. And finally, looking to 2017, I like our path and our momentum towards continued revenue growth, earnings expansion, and strong cash flow generation. And now I'll turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: Certainly. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congratulations on the Cubs. So my question is related to gross margin, Gino, it's very good on a consolidated basis. I haven't checked to see if that came from Services or Products or both. But obviously, it's been kind of accelerating but all over the board this year after years of having a relatively stable trend. So, I guess, first of all, what's the run rate right number for gross margin? And then secondly, what caused it to be reasonably volatile this year?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then, Greg, if I could ask a quick follow-up on a Product announcement this month. I think you announced or Southern Linc announced an LTE Push-to-Talk deployment. Is that the first LTE Push-to-Talk that you guys have done? Or have you done any prior to that? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Tavis, this is Gino. I'll take the gross margin question to begin with. As far as gross margins for going into Q4, Q4 we expect gross margins comparable with the prior year. And for 2017, early we'll give further guidance on our next call, but the expectation should be high 40%s. The margins have moved, as you indicated. There's a couple things driving it. We'll start with Services. Within Services, clearly, Airwave margin has impacted our gross margins as well as the Norway project roll-off. Remember, over the past several quarters, we've talked about margins returning for Services in the mid-30%s after the roll-off of Systems Integration. So those are two primary drivers on the Services side. On the Products side, comparable to the prior year in Q3 and mix to North America drove a margin profile in Q3.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Tavis, in regards to WAVE 7000, we're very pleased with the award from Southern Linc. WAVE 7000 is a result of a product reflected in the acquisition we made probably 18 months to two years ago with Twisted Pair. It's one of the early sales of WAVE. It's a high-end, high-performance Push-to-Talk solution. But we worked with that opportunity for several months and we're pleased we got the nod.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my question. Looking into 2017, so it's great to hear you are seeing already confidence about growth despite still some iDEN headwind. I was wondering what gives you that confidence. So if I look at North America organically, it's up low-single digit today. Do you expect continued growth there? Or do you have confidence in growth in 2017 because you think you will see the beginning of a rebound in market that has been badly hurt this year, like South America, China and Europe, are difficult comps? And then, of course, a quick follow-up. If you could give us a couple of comments on the Spillman acquisition, how much you think it contributes to growth next year and what's the business mix, and how do you see the integration of the business in MSI in particular? It feels like a fairly mature business. Is that the right way to think about, it's a mature business with which you're going to generate synergies, or is that a business you can grow?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So let me take the second one first on Spillman Technologies. We're not going to dimensionalize yet, Pierre, the revenue until the deal closes, which we would expect to be sometime between now and the end of the year. The way to think about it is it's right in the sweet spot of what we talked around deploying capital in command center software. So we have a high-end CAD offering, a Tier 1 offering, if you will, for large cities in CAD that we've been selling for several years. Spillman complements that nicely with Tier 2 and Tier 3, so it rounds out the portfolio around CAD, and consistent with the software in command centers that we said was critical to marry with the incident management and situational awareness of our radio communications offerings. We'll be able to dimensionalize it more specifically after it closes. I would, though, just say I think I would describe it as a small tuck-in, so I wouldn't want you to think of significant materiality in changing our expectations for 2017. As it relates to 2017, as Gino talked about, the way to think about it is Airwave being flat. I have to say Airwave's performed absolutely consistent to our expectations. The contract is unchanged. Obviously, we've had pressure from the pound from the time that we acquired it. But year-over-year expect Airwave to be flat at about $460 million. iDEN, as expected and pretty much almost done, winds down another $50 million in 2017. But even with those ingredients, we still expect growth overall and assuming that overall growth is, obviously, organic growth overall. But beyond that, we would then finish Q4 and specify the actual numbers on the next call.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure, Pierre.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. With respect to Airwave, I would've thought one thing, Greg, that were you guys upselling...
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Kulbinder, we can't hear you.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Can you hear me now?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. That's better.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. With respect to Airwave, I would've thought one of the benefits should've been on revenue growth for next year that you were upselling additional services and contracts into that customer. Is that not helping? I understand the translation impact of the currency, that's relatively straightforward. But why isn't that helping you a little bit? And then on the overall business growing, the confidence around that, is that order book based? Is that contracts you have in discussion? Just any points around visibility would be helpful. Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So I'll start with the Airwave contract. As Greg mentioned, Airwave is performing exactly as we expected and from a sterling perspective, has not changed. It's simply a matter of FX year-over-year being flat. There's no change to the contract, and we expect full-year 2017 revenue at about $460 million. Kulbinder, the integration is underway on Airwave and really we'll update you further on 2017 on our next call.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah, thank you. On the Managed and Support business, I guess, first of all, can you just help us understand how the 5% organic growth broke down by region? And then it sounded like North America was a meaningful contributor. So, just more broadly, can you talk about the opportunity for that business internationally as well as within the U.S. going forward?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think – go ahead, Bruce, if you want to?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So the growth has really been across all regions for Managed and Support Services. North America is the largest contributor, but we've seen growth I believe in every region every quarter for the last three years at this point for Managed and Support Services. So you can think of that as global in terms of the impact.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then as a follow-up, for EMEA as a region, just looking at the 20% decline overall backing out Airwave. First of all, can you just remind us how big of a headwind it was for Norway in the quarter? And then just taking a step back, just help us understand what's been weighing on organic performance within EMEA in particular and what you see is the biggest hurdle – what are the biggest things that you have to do to return that geography to growth going forward?
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Matt, good evening. It's Jack. Couple comments. So Norway in particular was a $30 million headwind. In the quarter, part of our 20% down excluding Airwave is also a large ASTRO Project 25 deal in North Africa. So we have two pretty chunky headwinds there. When you think about it moving forward, we do expect low organic growth in Q4 in EMEA. So we are seeing some things improve. Without getting into a great level of detail, in Q3, we've seen some things start to stabilize in Eastern Europe. But in general, the business is getting healthier as we kind of get through these big comps with Norway and North Africa, as I mentioned.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And just to follow up really, Kulbinder, on the second question you had, Kulbinder, with respect to 2017 – and obviously, we'll give you far more color on 2017 in our next call. But really the view of 2017 does start with aged backlog currently in 2017 versus the prior year. So, our position through the end of Q3 in backlog aged in 2017 and, as Jack said, some comparable or some favorable comps in a couple of regions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. Greg, first question regarding FirstNet and with the involvement or now the exclusion of pdvWireless from the contract negotiations. Are you guys still involved in the FirstNet bidding process?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: We are. We're fully engaged and committed to FirstNet. I think we expect an announcement soon this month or next month. That's kind of what we're thinking about. And I think we're well-positioned. Remember that we believe it is additive to land mobile radio. I think the best example of that is what we talked about earlier, a few minutes ago about the $600 million of organic backlog growth in Managed and Support Services. But we've worked very closely on it, had an extensive team on it. And I think we are well-positioned, given the domain expertise in Public Safety, our go-to-market sales force, and some of the uniqueness we also bring in the interoperability of existing LMR that'll interconnect to LTE networks.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. And if I can follow-up to that. With the ESN over in the UK being delayed, is that adding to your backlog with the Airwave extension?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: No, it's not. And I'll let the UK Home Office speak about their own requirements. What I would say on ESN is we, particularly Bruce Brda's team, are closely engaged with the customer. I think the deliverables that we're responsible for are progressing well. In fact, I was just in London last week. We stay closely aligned with that customer, and we will continue to work closely with them on whatever they decide ultimately the rollout schedule will be.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you, and congrats, guys, on the backend-loaded World Series win there. One question and a clarification. Greg, could you talk a little bit – you mentioned FirstNet – could you talk a little bit about pipeline for other large public service LTE networks as well as other strategic wins? That sounds like you announced a lot in the September quarter. So if you could add on the pipeline there. And then just two verticals if we could hit on, I think China was highlighted as a little bit weak. If you could just touch on what happened there. And also how is the U.S. Federal vertical in the September quarter? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So, let's talk about kind of the Public Safety LTE opportunity. Remember, as we think about it, I think – forget FirstNet for a minute. Outside of FirstNet and the four big awards that we've had, I would describe it globally as slow and fluid. Now, we're thrilled that we won the four largest awards to-date. We were (28:14) one of those being ESN, of course, we're working actively on all four of those engagements and, as I mentioned earlier, we've been very active in participating in a response for FirstNet. I think that from a revenue expectation standpoint, I talked previously about approximately $130 million of Public Safety LTE revenue this year. As we think about it, even though we're not guiding for 2017, in terms of that area of opportunity, I would say it's comparable to maybe slightly up. But again, even with FirstNet, we're not anticipating any meaningful revenue at all on FirstNet for 2017. So, obviously, we've invested in a leading-edge portfolio over the last several years. We really like our position globally and here domestically. And we'll see what unfolds here with FirstNet between now and the end of the year.
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Tim, hey, it's Jack. So, I guess, two different questions. First of all, China. China is approximately or probably a little less than 3% of our overall revenue. We're coming off a strong 2015. I think the biggest challenge we have as it relates to China is its preference to some of the indigenous manufacturers there. So, as we see China moving forward, there's continued uncertainty. I would kind of counter that and the fact that Asia Pacific as a region still grew 2% in Q3 and we expect kind of comparable kind of growth in Q4, despite the Chinese pressure. Pivot it to the federal market, extremely proud, as Gino and Greg alluded to earlier of not only North America, but I think in particular the federal team. We had a very strong close to the fiscal close, which was at the end of September, which you're aware of. It's a $500 million approximately business for us. We expect comparable kind of growth rate this year that we had in 2015. I would highlight that there is strength in pipeline both on the DoD side of the business as well as with the civil law enforcement administration side of things there. So, again, we're proud of what's happening in the federal space now.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks very much. I guess I wanted to kind of go back to one of the potential growth avenues for the company. You guys obviously have used inorganic opportunities or M&A quite well historically. But I was just kind of wondering if there is anything new on the horizon in terms of new opportunities inorganically. Maybe you can just talk more about what you're looking at from an M&A perspective. Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think our expectations along those lines are unchanged, but more specifically, we will continue to pursue and evaluate acquisitions. Think of them in three buckets: the command center software, which we announced with Spillman, look to close that between now and the end of the year. The Managed Services business, we obviously closed Airwave in February, and there are a few opportunities of what I would characterize as mini Airwaves, a lot more mini Airwaves, nothing of that size. But if there's opportunities where we could get a healthy return on invested capital by taking over the management of a Public Safety network either domestically or internationally, we'll evaluate it and consider it. And lastly, just areas that reinforce our durability in the Public Safety platform business, we'll give consideration as well. But it's consistent with what we've talked about, primarily with a focus around software and services.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes. Thanks. Hi, Greg, Gino.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: How are you?
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hi. I'd like to hear a snapshot on order trends that your sales teams are seeing here in the U.S. and also in Europe and APAC as we head into the new year. And has the strong dollar delayed or downscaled any overseas purchase orders? And then, Gino, quickly, is there conservatism built into your fourth quarter guidance given the third quarter beat? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. So, Vijay, what I would say, our outlook for Q4 grounded in 9% to 10% top-line growth includes a few things. Number one, the core business returns to organic growth in Q4. Really important. We stated that is our intention and we anticipate fulfilling that. So that's obviously a significant key component. Second, Product backlog has grown both sequentially and year-on-year. Also important as we are almost midway through Q4 from a momentum standpoint. Third, overall backlog growth is up in North America, EMEA and Latin America. And as Gino referenced a few minutes ago, aged backlog overall is up year-on-year as well. So those are nice trends to run through the tape through Q3 and positions us very well I think both for performance that's incorporated into the way we've thought about the guidance for Q4.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Perfect. It's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. As a follow-up on the M&A question, I was wondering if you could maybe give us some color as far as what states or localities do you think you would need a bigger presence in?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I don't think we need a bigger presence in any of them in terms of acquisitions, per se. Now, Molloy has done a good job increasing our presence from a go-to-market standpoint. We've added some sales coverage in some of the commercial markets, non-public safety. We've added some go-to-market sales coverage in EMEA. But I don't think as we look across the global landscape that we're lacking in any one particular region. Now having said that, if there are opportunities that we think are convenient and provide a nice return on invested capital in one theater or another, we'll consider it and we'll pursue it accordingly.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks. And one last question. The sequential increase in revenues, it sounds like from a midpoint standpoint, it's like about $300 million. Is there any particular region that we should be seeing most of this growth coming from?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, as I mentioned – I mean, in Q4, I think we're anticipating growth in all regions. And so the backlog has been up in virtually all of the regions. So I think, as always, 65% of our company is North America. So from a dollar standpoint, you can think about it and dimensionalize it with that being larger than the other regions. But I think Molloy and team have done a nice balanced job to give us what we need to for forward-looking momentum.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go next to Stanley Kovler with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Stanley Kovler - Citi Research: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to clarify one thing about the fourth quarter or full-year 2016 guidance. If you can just help us understand how much of that outlook for next quarter is impacted by currency headwinds? And then I have a follow-up.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: From a currency headwind perspective, it's de minimis. It's not a driver and it's not really much of a headwind year-over-year.
Stanley Kovler - Citi Research: Understood. And my larger question is just if you can help us with 2017. I know you don't want to get too far ahead of yourselves in terms of guiding. But if we're looking at the different moving parts between Products and Services, it feels like Product revenue growth would be up for the first time in four years heading into 2017. How should we think about that? And as part of that, can you also discuss just the general trends in some of your businesses related to software command and control? How quickly are those areas ramping of segments that you previously called Next-Generation Public Safety – or if I got the terminology wrong, but I think that was close enough there. Thank you very much.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think it's TBD, too early to talk about Product-specific segment for 2017. It has been up in backlog for a number of quarters consecutively and we're pleased with the trends on that, but wouldn't get out yet talking about that segment for 2017. I think on the kind of Next Generation Public Safety area, software and services, if you want to describe it that way, I'm pretty pleased with it. I think we're measured in our investments. It's not large, as you know, but it's important. If you think about Services as an example, 40% of our revenue – 40% of the company's revenue is Services and 25% of the company's revenue is recurring. So, as we build traction and expand multi-year services backlog, that's a great thing. And again, it represents the confidence our customers have in the efficacy and the performance of LMR and the longevity of it. And then we layer on additional applications, intelligent middleware, command center software, analytics and other things that we think could position us well with value-added services and software in the command center that are on top of our typical infrastructure or mission-critical communications product business. So I'm pleased with it. I think there'll continue to be some opportunities for inorganic as well within the envelope of the capital allocation model that we've talked about on a normalized basis. So we've always talked 50/30/20. 50% of our operating cash flow would be used for share repurchase or M&A, 30% for CapEx, and 20% for dividend. And I think we'll continue to operate in that envelope – 30% actually dividend, 20% CapEx. I always am dyslexic on that, sorry. But I think we have a good balance sheet and a good position to be able to pursue these.
Stanley Kovler - Citi Research: Thanks for the detail.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Fahad Najam with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Fahad Najam - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you for taking my call. Can you hear me?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yep.
Fahad Najam - Cowen & Co. LLC: So if I look at your OpEx to revenue ratio, I think this is the first time where your OpEx to revenue ratio is actually a little bit below the Street expectations. Should we expect going forward the tailwinds that you're enjoying on OpEx are largely now behind us?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. We reduced OpEx $27 million in Q3. I think the team has done a fantastic job of making our cost structure more competitive and lowering the fixed cost profile of the business so that as volume grows, we have variable cost that attaches to it. Look, I think the heavy lifting is behind us on the OpEx and as we think about it going forward, we think about it, the overall OpEx is roughly flat to slightly down, but flattish in 2017.
Fahad Najam - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just going back to the questions that you've been asked on growth opportunities, can you give us some quantification as to – if I think growth opportunities outside of public LTE thinking of video analytics, smart call center, contact center solutions that you guys have announced, roughly what percent of your revenue today are – you said it's small, but help us understand in terms of percentage what it is and how fast it's growing for you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Again, I think the software piece of it is a few hundred million. It's relatively small. The Services business, as I talked about, is much larger. I think as we think about it, we believe that software and services should be able to perform at a multiple in terms of growth rate of the core business. So whatever that may be, but it's 2x or 3x perhaps as a multiple of top line revenue growth that would be contributory from software and services.
Fahad Najam - Cowen & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you so much.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question will come from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Did I hear that correct that you expect OpEx to be roughly flat in 2017? Is that what you just said?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think that our current thinking is flattish to maybe slightly down, but flattish would be probably more prudent at this point.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Understood. I'm just wondering, is there anything that's known, like pension expense that goes up next year? Because you've clearly taken down expenses pretty significantly this year, so I would assume there was maybe more room in 2017.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Well, as our team knows, there's always more room. But I think from a planning standpoint, we've taken a ton out. If I look over the last five years or so, it's almost a third of actual below gross margin operating expense that's come out. To your point, there's always good guys and bad guys, but managing the mix of that as well as foreign exchange, I think our current thinking is generally flattish.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Fair enough. And then on Airwave in 2016, you commented that that business has performed in line. Did it also perform in line on the bottom line? Did it contribute the $0.50 that you were expecting, or was it potentially better than that?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: It performed as expected both top and bottom line.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So $0.50 to the bottom line?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. $0.50 to the bottom line, I think that was a very – an early estimate we gave. And you think about it in terms of $0.50 on a GAAP basis and better than that on a non-GAAP basis, approximately $0.80.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: $0.80. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kustor, Director of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I'd just want to thank everybody for joining us today and look forward to updating you on our next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc. Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.
Analysts: Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Chris Kutsor, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Kutsor, you may begin your conference.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome to our 2016 Second Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Product Services; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We have posted an earning presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in today's earnings news release, in the comments made during this conference call, in the Risk Factor section of our 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty update any forward-looking statement. I'll now turn it to over Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the second quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q2 was a strong quarter of earnings, cash flow generation and backlog growth compared to last year. With a growing Product backlog and healthy pipeline, we're well positioned for the second half of the year and we'll continue to focus on revenue and operational efficiency. Second, our Services business continues to execute, growing 26% including Airwave, while our managed and support services business grew 4% organically and we're proceeding full steam ahead with the integration of Airwave after recently receiving unconditional clearance from the UK Competition and Markets Authority just a few weeks ago. And finally, today we announced a $2 billion increase to our share repurchase authorization. This follows $11.6 billion in total repurchases over the past five years, driving a 51% share count reduction. The steady improvement in our business and continued managed and support services growth will generate strong earnings in cash flow driving total shareholder return. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on our second quarter results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you, Greg. Second quarter results include revenue of $1.4 billion, up 5% versus last year, including Airwave revenue of $146 million, GAAP operating earnings of $224 million, non-GAAP operating earnings of $324 million, or 22.7% of sales, up 370 basis points from the year-ago quarter. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.61 compared $0.72 in the second quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.03, which represents a 51% year-over-year increase. The earnings per share growth was driven by Airwave, continued cost savings and reduced share count. Ending backlog was up $2.2 billion from a year ago. Services is up $2.1 billion on $1.6 billion from Airwave, as well as managed and support services growth in North America. The Product segment backlog was up $64 million, also driven by North America. For the remainder of call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook. As expected, Q2 Product sales were down 8% from the prior-year at $801 million. The majority of the decline was due to weakness in Latin America, parts of Europe and China. Q2 Product segment operating income was $176 million, or 22% of sales, up 170 basis points versus last year, driven by steady margins and a lower cost structure. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.3 billion, up $64 million from last year and up $82 million sequentially. Deal flow and orders have been solid, particularly in North America, supporting our expectations for Product revenue growth in the second half. Turning to Services, Q2 Services revenue was $629 million, up 26% percent including Airwave. In Q2, managed and support services comprised approximately 30% of total MSI revenue. Organically, managed and support services grew 4% during the quarter. Services operating income was $148 million or 23.5% of revenue, up 670 basis points from the prior-year. Services backlog ended at $6.9 billion, up $2.2 billion versus last year. The backlog growth is attributed to $1.6 billion of Airwave in EMEA and an increase of over $500 million in North America. Sequentially, Services backlog decreased $214 million, including a $170 million FX adjustment related mostly to the British pound. Total OpEx from continuing operations was $362 million, down $31 million or 8% from the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activities. Other income and expense was $57 million compared to $39 million in the year-ago quarter. Net interest expense was $54 million compared to $39 million a year ago. Q2 operating cash flow was $292 million, an increase of $143 million over the prior year, driven bring improved working capital and higher earnings. Free cash flow was $201 million. We ended Q2 in a net debt position of $3.5 billion. We repurchased $555 million of stock during the quarter at an average price of $68.37. And finally, we paid dividends of $72 million in the quarter. Turning to our outlook, we expect Q3 sales growth of 6% to 7%, including $130 million from Airwave. We expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS between $1.17 and $1.22. Our view of the full year outlook remains unchanged. Revenue growth of 5% to 7% and non-GAAP EPS of $4.45 to $4.65. Operating expenses of approximately $1.45 billion, a reduction of $120 million inclusive of the additional Airwave OpEx. Full year effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 33%. Operating cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion and $4.75 to $5 of free cash flow per share for the full year. Moving to regional results, North America performed as expected, with revenue down slightly at 1% versus a strong quarter a year ago. Demand for our managed and support services continues to drive multi-year contract wins, while backlog growth, in both Products and Services, supports our expectation of growth in the region in the second half and for the full year. As expected, Latin America was down 36%, or $34 million, on continued challenging macroeconomic conditions and iDen declines. While we expect the region to remain challenged, the business is stabilizing and we are encouraged with a recent large order of $28 million. EMEA was up 47% inclusive of Airwave. Excluding Airwave, the region was down 17% primarily related to lower Norway installation revenue and weakness in Eastern Europe. Asia Pac declined 2% on currency headwinds and a decline in China. Excluding currency, Asia Pac grew 1% driven primarily by growth in Australia. I'd also like to share some brief segment highlights. In our Products segment, we continue to innovate with several key product launches and customer-focused solutions, including the launch of several new radios, including a low cost digital Vertex radio addressing the low end of the channel, as well as a new high tier TETRA radio. We also announced the addition of the WAVE 7000 solution to our software portfolio. WAVE 7000 software enhances workgroup communication with high availability push-to-talk, linking users across LMR and LTE networks regardless of radio, smartphone, tablet or other device. In our P25 ASTRO portfolio, we won several large systems deals, including a $200 million multi-county award in the Richmond, Virginia area. We also received a $44 million order from a North America utility customer and in July, we won a $28 million order in Latin America, the first deal in the region over $10 million in the past six quarters. In our Services business, we launched WAVE Cloud Connect in Australia. This SaaS cloud-based solution leverages WAVE 7000 to deliver broadband based secure push-to-talk communications, connecting LMR networks with smartphones and tablets. In our managed and support services business we are proceeding with the integration of Airwave following the unconditional clearance from the UK's Competition and Markets Authority. We secured many large services deals, including a $19 million renewal to extend services with a key customer in Australia and in the command center, we received multiple orders in North America for software, services, and application providing customers with advanced analytics and operational intelligence. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Gino. Let me just close with a couple of quick thoughts. In Q2, we executed well, both financially and operationally. In addition to growing sales, earnings and cash flow, we launched several new products and continue to invest in growing the business. Looking forward, I'm encouraged with our progress heading into the second half of the year. Backlog is up in both Products and Services. North America remains solidly on course. Latin America is showing signs of stabilizing and we expect the Products segment to return to revenue growth. And finally, we remain firmly committed to growing the earnings and cash flow of our business. This commitment includes being responsible stewards of capital and is reflected in our capital return history and today's announcement of a $2 billion increased authorization. Driving continued durable earnings and strong cash flow from our business enables financial flexibility for the further return of capital, strategic acquisitions and organic innovation. And with that, I'll now turn it back over to Chris.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow up to accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question is coming from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Please go ahead. Pierre, your line is open. Do you have us on mute?
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hello. Can you hear me?
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. We can now, Pierre.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you. Sorry for that. Thanks for taking my question. So I just wanted to make sure I get your guidance for Q3 and what your full-year guidance implies for Q4, right. So am I right thinking that your organic growth in the third quarter would be still slightly negative, but it's reasonable to expect that you will be posting positive organic growth year-on-year in Q4? And then I'd have a very quick follow-up on gross margins. So you delivered a very good improvement in gross margins sequentially this quarter. If you could give us some color that what were the drivers behind that? And whether we should expect continued improvement in gross margin in the second half of the year? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Pierre, on Q3 and second half full year outlook, we think it's supported by the fact that product backlog is up, both sequentially and annually. To your point, we expect products revenue to improve in Q3 and return to growth in Q4. We mentioned the fact that Latin America is stabilizing. We had a $28 million order, the largest in four years and we do expect organic growth to return in the second half. On gross margins, I'll turn it to Gino.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yes. On gross margins, Pierre, we've seen an improvement in gross margins as expected, driven by the Services segment. Margins remain constant in the Product segment and the return to the mid-30s as we've talked about for a couple of quarters, once the systems integration activity related to one specifically large project subsided, it returned to mid-30s for gross margins.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Pierre.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. I have just a couple of questions. One just on second half revenues. If you hit your Q3 guidance, you're going to have to grow in the mid-20s or close to that, I think, sequentially to your full year number. On just the visibility you have around Q4, is that (17:28) by the backlog as well or is it just your Q3 guidance is fairly conservative. Any comments around that would be helpful. And then on the $2 billion extra buyback, what's the cadence of how you will deploy that? Is that something we think about over the six quarters? Just how you think about that that would be helpful. Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, Kulbinder, I think that our view of full year is supported by both backlog improvement in both Product and Services. We especially like the fact that we expect and anticipate Product revenue to improve significantly in Q3 and return to growth in Q4. When you de-layer that, we believe the business organically returns to the growth in the second half. I think it's a combination both of backlog and aged backlog visibility and the pipeline that Molloy and the worldwide team see at this point. In terms of the share repurchase authorization, we have $400 million left in the authorization. We bought back $555 million in Q2. In composite over the last five years, we have repurchased 11.6 billion as I mentioned, a 51% reduction in share count at an average price of $57.58. We had previously referred to the fact that on an annual basis, we expected $750 million to $1 billion in share repurchase for this fiscal year. I think that remains unchanged. I think the higher volume in Q2 represents what we found to be opportunistic and we seized on that opportunity.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Cabral with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. I wanted to dig into the growth in managed and support services. And if you could just help us understand how you're going after that opportunity from a go-to-market perspective, as well as if these are largely greenfield opportunities or if these are competitive take-outs that you're seeing. And then just from a margin perspective, any sense for how this business stacks up relative to the wider corporate average would be helpful?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, this is Bruce Brda. I'll take your question. The growth in managed and support was driven heavily by the Airwave introduction into our portfolio, but we also saw organic growth in managed and support services as well in the mid-single digits. That's comparable to the growth we achieved through 2015 as well. Managed and support is really attached to our Product. So there isn't competitive takeaways. This is driving up penetration into our install base and attaching managed and support services to more new deals as well. On a going forward basis, as Gino mentioned with the Norway integration project behind us, we would expect margins to be comparable in the mid-30s on a going forward basis.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. And then on operating expenses, clearly, that's been a big focus for the company over the past few years. But as we start thinking about looking out beyond 2016, do you feel there's still room for cost takes-outs from currents levels or after you've completed the $120 million that you're going to do this year? I guess any color on how you're thinking about managing costs in more of a normalized environment would be helpful.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, I think that the team has done a fantastic job as we've simplified the organization, streamlined the portfolio and focused on what we do well from G&A to manufacturing rationalization to real estate footprint across the board. And Brda, in particular, platforming R&D has done a great job. I think I'd make two points. We always believe you can do more. But, as we think about 2017, we certainly are not expecting an increase in BGM OpEx against the current profile of the business. That's the way I would think about it at this point in time.
Matthew Cabral - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. I've got a couple of questions so let me get them out and then you can answer. First, given the decline in the pound, a couple of issues related to that. Can you talk about what Product backlog trends would have been sequentially and year-over-year under a cost currency? Would that be growing sequentially and year-over-year? And also on the pound decline, is the $146 million of Airwave revenue this quarter relative to the $130 million expectation for next quarter, is that pound related or is there variability in that revenue extreme? And then second, Greg, on FirstNet, I understand kind of even the uncertainties are uncertain at this point. But, I guess, any color you'd like to give on that. And then, specifically, I guess, Rivada Networks has an agreement with a number of industry players, Motorola not one of them. And what I'm wondering in that regard is given your share of embedded systems on P25, is there a conceivable way to integrate with those systems without having Motorola involved in some form or fashion? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I'll let Gino start with the pound.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So a couple of comments on the pound. The impact of the pound to backlog is most visible in Services' multiyear duration. So, as we mentioned earlier, $170 million revaluation is included in that. Keep in mind as well as we – revenue Airwave, the fixed contract in Airwave that is a decline for the Services backlog as well. So those were two elements that went into that $210 million sequential decline in Services. With respect to the $146 million to $130 million, that is entirely due to the pound. There's no change to the contract. The contract is fixed. We continue to expect $450 million of revenue for the full year. The prior estimate we gave was a prudent conservative estimate based on a couple of things. Uncertainty around Brexit and completion of the purchase accounting and the deferred revenue calculation. So our expectation continues to be $450 million of revenue. The contract is fixed and $146 million to $130 million is entirely a result of the pound.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And, Tavis, as it relates to FirstNet, what I would say is we've obviously participated in the RFP response. I think we're very well positioned for a combination of reasons. Number one is our expertise in public safety. Number two, is our go-to-market strength and customer intimacy and sales force, and third, I think a little bit in reference to your question, I think the unique ability for us to be able to interconnect Public Safety LTE to the LAN mobile radio systems that are installed here in the U.S. As you know, we don't expect any really FirstNet revenue expectations for this year or next year but I like the position that we have. And I like how we have responded to the RFP and we'll leave it up to the customer to decide what the right architecture and consortium is to go forward.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Thank a lot.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thanks, Tavis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon. Hey, Bruce. Maybe you can fill us in in terms of the managed and support services? I think you guys said 4% growth for the quarter. Can you break out versus the U.S versus the Rest of the World?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah, in Managed and Support, we've been experiencing pretty consistent growth throughout all of the regions. It's heavier in North America but we've got great growth across all the regions in managed and support. That's on the organic side obviously. When you add in Airwave, it heavies up in EMEA but it's consistent across all regions.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. Great. And then if we just talk about the LTE environment, has there been any significant developments around the world? Obviously, you guys are working on the two Middle East contracts but are there any RFPs that are going on – outside of FirstNet, of course, that would give you some encouragement the LTE environment's growing?
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I would say outside of the big four projects, LA, London, and the two in the Middle East, of course, FirstNet being the fifth, I would describe the Public Safety LTE opportunity as a bit fluid and slow. We don't expect any meaningful revenue. I talked about FirstNet already. We don't expect any meaningful revenue this year or next year on ESN in London either. So, I think it's fairly methodical and measured. We're focused on implementing the big four. We're focused on winning FirstNet, and I think that as time has gone on there's also an increased realization that LAN mobile radio will be around for a long, long time. And the interconnection between Public Safety LTE, which is additive to the installed base of LMR is pretty meaningful. But that's the way I would describe it. Our revenue 2015 and 2016 is comparable, about $130 million and I think I would expect even though we're not guiding into next year I think it would be – our LTE revenue would be comparable in 2017 as well.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Two questions, if I could. First, back to the Services, a big focus for the company and Airwave was a nice move. Greg, could you talk a little bit about other potential buy opportunities or whether you can build it or other opportunities you think that will be out there for you to either organically or inorganically grow that business? And on to the Products side, it sounds like, overall for public safety still you guys are in the early stages of body cameras and other things, could you just talk a little bit about maybe some other new products that you think could kind of move the needle a little bit more in the next twelve months? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Yeah. On Services, we love the Airwave acquisition. We're especially appreciative and pleased with the unconditional clearance from CMA. We're always on the look or lookout for other what we refer to as "mini Airwaves," if they're there. I think there might be some, but they're not nearly as material or of the revenue density as Airwave. Having said that, I think Molloy and Brda are teaming well to get a lot of the managed and support services growth organically, better sales execution, software user agreements, multi-year maintenance, and I think Jack's team has done a really good job attending to that.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: On the second part of your question, Tim, this is Bruce Brda, with respect to body-worn video, we really have two portions of our solution here. One is the evidence management solution or the back end that stores the digital evidence, and we've taken an approach where we've integrated that in with our other command center software assets, call-taking, CAD, records, counsel, et cetera. And then on the device itself, with the demands on the officer for on-body real estate we've taken an integrated approach, an integrated voice, so remote speaker mic, with video recording as well as radio control on a single platform and we think that gives us a unique advantage in the marketplace. Having said that, this is really a try before you buy market and while we're engaged with a number of customers around the U.S. and some internationally as well, and we made initial shipments in Q2, we don't expect the revenue for 2016 to be material with body-worn video.
Timothy Patrick Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stanley Kovler with Citi. Please go ahead.
Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask about backlog and specifically in Services. So if I back out the FX impact you referenced for Services, and there's a little bit of rounding in the $8.2 billion total that you quoted but Services looks like it may have been flat to perhaps down a little bit quarter-over-quarter. Can you help us understand how the pipeline looks? You quoted specifically some wins that you've had regionally in North American and other places. How does the second half look in terms of the buildup in backlog and where do you think you'll exit the year? Thanks.
Bruce Brda - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. So just recapping Services backlog, Services backlog sequentially was down $210 million. $170 million of that is in adjustment to our backlog position based on the pound. And as we recognize the $146 million of revenue, in Q2, against the fixed Airwave contract, the result of those two was a decrease in sequential backlog. Obviously, absent those two we did have sequential backlog growth in Services. We did grow managed and support services specifically 4% organically. So from a backlog perspective, heading into the second half with respect to Services, we're comparable to slightly ahead of where we were in the prior year.
Stan Kovler - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks. And if I can just follow-up, as you look out at the environment for public safety especially with what's been going on in Europe, what does your pipeline look like on from a Product perspective and in terms of actual Products and perhaps this is on both hardware and software that you're talking to with customers out there and what's the urgency level and time-to-market of any kind of deployments there?
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So, Stanley, this is Jack. I think a couple – maybe two comments on Europe particularly in Europe but our comps from an overall perspective as we start to look at the second half of 2016, our comps eased due to the Norway roll off. To your point around security, in Europe, in fact, I just talked to our Head of Sales in EMEA the other day on this. There's certainly border security issues that we think can stimulate both Product and Service revenue opportunities but they're not moving super rapidly. There's funding around them and there's governance and things like that. But we definitely see business in the second half picking up largely due to comps.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I do also think though from an overall tone standpoint in addition to what's going on in Europe and the climate for policing here in the U.S., we've always said mission-critical public safety is high on the priority list. It's as high as it's ever been and it's reinforced by some of the unfortunate circumstances that are going on. What I would say also anecdotally while you did ask about Europe, I think we've seen some increased interest particularly around the older systems here in the U.S. with a sensitivity around encryption and protected police communications. So systems here in the U.S. that might be older, longer in the tooth, if you will, where the bad guys may unfortunately have the opportunity with not too much effort to listen in. I think some of those communities are engaging in those conversations with us, making encryption and secure communications a higher priority vis-à-vis an upgrade and a modernization that I think over time will be a positive demand driver.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Brian (35:10) on for Vijay. Thanks for taking the question. Could you give us some visibility around expectations of geographic demand in the back half of 2016 and then maybe into 2017? So any detail around what you're seeing in China, Eastern Europe or Latin America? Thanks.
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay. Brian (35:35), it's Jack. So I think as we look at the second half, obviously it's not appropriate to comment on 2017 right now. But in general to give you some regional color, North America in the second half, which is obviously our biggest region, as we said all along, North America will grow in 2016. Product pipeline, as well as Services pipeline look strong. We talked about Latin America, and again, Latin America is less than 5% of our overall revenue. Again, less pressure in the second half due to comps. We also believe we've de-risked a lot of the large projects there. And, I think on the bright side, we see Southern Latin America improving. We see the business in Mexico stabilizing. And I think the big point there is in spite of some of the headwinds we faced in the last 12 months, we've maintained our investment in the region. And we think we've created a good level of demand that we'll fulfill here in the future. When we think about EMEA, which I just commented on, Europe, Middle East and Africa, again, our comps ease in Europe. There is a fair level, even in spite of oil, in the Middle East, the business remains strong. I think one point of emphasis here would be in Africa. Africa is an area, really what I would say is an area that we've invested in. We're investing in more significantly in go-to-market. We've shored up kind of our lower end of our portfolio product that we think is very attractive in the African market. And then if we – as we start to pivot to Asia Pac, Asia Pac is actually – it's been a good news story. In constant currency last year it grew 8%. It will be up this year in constant currency, particularly, and again as Gino highlighted in the opening in Australia. I will tell you China, China is less than 3% of our Company's revenue. 2016 will be a challenging year. But we've got really suppressed expectations candidly about China, just due to some of the preference that I think the Chinese government has towards some of the indigenous providers. So, I think that's probably a summary of the fly over as we see it regionally around the world.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Yeah, thanks. First, I guess I wanted to ask what timing do you expect as far as revenue recognition for the Richmond P25 project that you won. And secondly, if we look at buybacks guidance that you gave the last quarter, you obviously bought a lot of stock in the second quarter. Should we be expecting – I mean, we should be planning for a significant slowdown at this point in the second half, is that correct? Thanks
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I'll let Jack answer Richmond first.
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Andrew, on Richmond, it's a multiyear revenue expectation. We'll have a small amount in the back half of this year. But it's again, it's a multi-year as a lot of these big milestone based projects are.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: And, Andrew, on the share repurchase, we guided annual repurchase of $750 million to $1 billion. We were out of the market largely in Q1 because of the Airwave M&A activity. We were opportunistic given what we thought were pretty attractive levels in Q2. I think our annual guidance remains unchanged of $750 million to $1 billion. So, I would just leave it at that and that would be our expectation at this point in time for the full year.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. Thank you for taking my question. Could you update us on the expectations of FX impact on full year revenue? I think the previous number was $60 million of FX impact. An update would be great. And can you also comment on your expectations about Product operating margin in Q3 and second half generally? Do you expect to see same seasonal margin trend on the Products, I mean, in Q3 and Q4 like we saw recently?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Sure. I'll take the – actually I'll take both of those. The FX question first. Certainly, the FX is included in the guidance we gave for the full year. We said after the – on the Q4 call and Q1 we said we saw at the time based on spot rates headwind of about $60 million. At this point, we see headwinds in the $40 million range for the full year. But, again, it's contemplated within the guidance. Specifically, the volatility has been around the pound. And, again, we haven't changed our view of full year revenue for Airwave at $450 million despite the movement in the pound. Secondly, on Product gross margins, you can expect to see the same type of seasonality, certainly as the volume increases in Products in the second half of the year.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Good afternoon, everyone. I wanted to go back on this LTE question. Greg, could you talk maybe a little bit to the services and device opportunities you see Motorola addressing with Public Safety LTE? So services, data, devices, voice products, where you think you are there? And then longer-term how you think about the potential risk as LTE voice devices potentially displace terrestrial radio devices? And then I have a follow-up.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: I think that the PS-LTE opportunity, as I mentioned, is slow to develop. It's certainly a lot slower and less material than we thought three years ago, just to reference a point, or even when the legislation was passed in the Middle Class Jobs Relief Act in 2012 it was U.S.-centric. I think it's for a combination of reasons. Countries have to develop and allocate the spectrum. You've got to line up the appropriate funding. I do think, though, we're very uniquely positioned, positively, better than anybody, quite frankly, and I say that as a reflection of our knowledge and expertise in P25 and TETRA LMR and the complexities and customization that go with that and the interoperability and interconnection required of LMR platforms, whether they be P25 or TETRA to the additive broadband network that gets deployed. I think it would span services, some applications, devices, I don't see consumer smartphones replacing mission-critical radios for a whole host of reasons around power management, spectrum, efficiency, group talk, as well as things that are embedded in the 3GPP standard and so many other things that would be required for that to happen. So I think Public Safety LTE is a good opportunity for this company. I think it's additive to our LMR business. I don't think there's – it's substitutional or cannibalizing in the future. I just don't see that. And I don't think it's a reflection of our head in the sand. I really don't because we push ourselves constantly here and challenge each other. It's a direct reflection of what we're hearing from our customers and it's worth reminding in LA, we are building an LMR system at the same time and updating an LMR systems right now at the same time PS-LTE is being deployed. That's also true in the UK, which you know about the commitment to multiyear fixed price contract with Airwave and the eventual migration to ESN. And we'll see how quickly that happens and in what complementary nature ultimately that gets rolled out in. And the two Middle East customers, right as we speak, are investing in LMR, and Public Safety LTE and we're getting Service contracts that are multiyear 10 years, 15 years plus. So the customers are speaking and the market is speaking. And we're going to seize on both those opportunities. So Public Safety LTE is more muted. Again, $130 million last year, comparable this year. I would guess it's comparable maybe slightly up next year as we round out those implementations but between infrastructure, devices, applications and the interconnection to make the end-to-end system work, I think we're well positioned.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. That's really helpful. Thanks. The other question I had is looking at the contracts that you talked about, how do you view the average duration of your contracts? Is there a pattern? Are they extending? There's been this percentage figure you disclosed in our 10-K of the percentage of backlog that you recognize in subsequent years has actually been declining so I'm trying to see if there's a read through there. And then final piece, curious why Airwave revenue sees no adjustment this year but does see adjustment in future years. Is there something built into that contract that it's booked and recognized this year already so the pound movement doesn't influence it or is there something else that's plays into that? Thank you.
Greg Brown - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: So let me do Airwave and then I'll turn it over to Molloy for contracts. The reason our guidance on Airwave revenue of $450 million is unchanged despite the contraction in the pound is a tip of the hat to Bonanotte and the finance team because as we modeled he and the team modeled different scenarios right at the close of the acquisition. We knew that there was uncertainty out there with Brexit. We wanted to get the contract in hand; we wanted to get the organization integrated. So Gino and team were prudent. So even with the pound contraction of about 15%, maybe 16%, since that Airwave acquisition was done we're not changing our revenue guidance of approximately $450 million. At this point, given the spot rate in the pound, we would expect Airwave revenue to grow next year because we have 12 months of revenue recognition versus 10 months.
Jack P. Molloy - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Okay, Greg. So I think the second – Ben, to the second question around projects think of – dimensionalize it two ways or two things. Most of these projects won – by the way, projects were proud to have won, the Richmond area that we talked about, we spoke about King County last year, in the State of Iowa. These are essentially multi, you know, we talk about – they could be hundreds of sites and so each and every one of those sites kind of has life story themselves meaning civil, permitting, environmental, OSHA, those kind of requirements that tend to have longer duration. So we typically think of those things taking anywhere from 12 months to really two years to revenue to get through all the ratable things. That's the first piece of it. And then typically also within those contracts there's a device component and those things are more actionable and we can work with customers to pull those in for revenue. But ultimately each project has its own dimension. A lot of them are civil and site related, longer duration, the second piece of it is devices. We can typically action those with customers in a quicker fashion. And then the last element of them is obviously the multi-year support and I think it's noteworthy because it's been brought up a few times today but every – basically every customer in North America and typically in a lot of different countries overseas now doesn't enter into an agreement until they think about at least five years. We've had customers that have gone up 20 years of life cycle and managed and support service agreements. So those obviously have even longer duration in those revenue every year. So I think that probably answers your question.
Operator: Thank you. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Chris Kustor, Director of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Chris Kutsor - Motorola Solutions, Inc.: Just like to thank everybody for joining us today, and we will talk soon. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Jack P. Molloy - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales Bruce Brda - Executive Vice President-Systems & Products
Analysts: Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Gopal Mehta - Cowen and Company
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good afternoon. Welcome to our first quarter 2016 earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Services; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this afternoon's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call and the Risk Factors section of our 2015 annual report on Form 10-K and in other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Shep. Good afternoon and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the first quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q1 was a good quarter relative to our sales and earnings expectations. North America continues to execute well with growth of 2% including increases in both products and services sales along with encouraging order activity. Second, our focus around growing the Managed and Support Services franchise continues to build momentum. We grew Managed and Support Services 6% organically in Q1, closed Airwave, added $1.8 billion to our backlog position, and made significant progress in streamlining and packaging our Services and Support offerings. And last, we continue to build a leaner and more agile organization as we drive further operational efficiency. There are a number of examples that illustrate this change, including the completed sale of our Malaysian manufacturing facility, a 40% reduction in product SKUs in a little over a year and a targeted shift in R&D to strategic growth areas. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Greg. Key Q1 results include revenue of $1.2 billion, down 2% versus last year and down 1% in constant currency. Airwave revenue was $61 million. GAAP operating earnings were $100 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $166 million or 13.9% of sales, representing a 110 basis point improvement from the year-ago quarter. EBITDA grew $20 million to $215 million. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.10 compared to $0.40 in the first quarter of 2015. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.52 which represents a 37% year-over-year increase. This earnings growth was driven primarily by ongoing cost reduction and further optimizing our capital structure. Ending backlog is up $2.5 billion versus last year and up $1.9 billion sequentially. Of the $2.5 billion year-on-year increase, Airwave accounts for $1.8 billion. Managed and Support Services backlog is up $700 million, and Product is up $30 million. The $1.9 billion sequential increase was primarily due to Airwave, Managed and Support Services, and a $32 million increase in Product. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Moving to the Product segment, Q1 Product sales were $702 million, down 7% versus the prior year. The decline was primarily due to weakness in Latin America and Europe as well as currency headwinds. Q1 Product segment operating income was $84 million or 12% of sales, up 10 basis points versus last year as a result of the ongoing cost reduction actions. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.3 billion, up $30 million versus last year and up $32 million sequentially, driven by North America. Product backlog has grown in seven of the past eight quarters. Turning to Services, Q1 Service revenue was $491 million, up 6%. Excluding the $61 million of Airwave sale, Services declined 8% primarily on systems integration related to Norway as well as a decline in iDEN. The focus growth area of Managed and Support Services grew 6% organically. Inclusive of Airwave, Managed and Support Services now represents approximately 25% of our total revenue. Services operating income was $82 million or 16.7% of revenue, up $16 million from the prior year. Operating margins increased 250 basis points on improved gross margin and lower OpEx. Services backlog ended at $7.1 billion, up $2.5 billion versus last year and up $1.8 billion sequentially. The $2.5 billion of backlog growth versus last year is attributable to $1.8 billion of Airwave in EMEA and $500 million of Managed and Support Services in North America. Moving to operating expenses, total OpEx from continuing operations was $354 million, down $43 million or 11% from the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activities. For the year, we continue to expect savings of approximately $120 million, including the addition of the OpEx related to Airwave. Other income and expense in Q1 was $42 million compared to $37 million in the year-ago quarter. Net interest expense was $49 million in Q1 compared to $40 million last year. Moving to taxes, the Q1 effective tax rate was 26%. We continue to expect the full year 2016 effective tax rate to be approximately 33%. Turning to cash flow, Q1 operating cash flow was $13 million, a decrease of $143 million. Free cash flow was a use of $38 million. The lower operating cash flow was the result of higher incentive payments and higher tax payments, while working capital was a smaller source of cash than last year. We remain on track for approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of operating cash flow and $4.75 to $5 of free cash flow per share for the full year. We ended Q1 in a net debt position of $3.1 billion. During the quarter, we repurchased $64 million of stock at $71.41. The lower buyback levels in Q1 were primarily due to the Airwave transaction. In total, we have repurchased $11 billion of shares at an average price of $57.13 and have approximately $1 billion remaining on our current authorization. Finally, dividend payments were $71 million for the quarter. Now, turning to the outlook, we expect Q2 sales growth of 1% to 3%. Airwave revenue is expected to be approximately $130 million. We expect Q2 non-GAAP EPS between $0.82 and $0.88. Our view of the full year 2016 outlook remains unchanged at 5% to 7% sales growth. We also expect non-GAAP EPS of $4.45 to $4.65. Airwave is expected to be approximately $450 million in revenue. Moving to regional results, North America grew 2%, driven by both Products and Services demand. Demand for both Managed and Support Services as well as APX device sales were key growth drivers in North America. Backlog growth was once again very strong in Services with an increase of approximately $500 million from last year. Additionally, Product backlog was up $23 million sequentially. We remain on track for growth for the year. Latin America was down 42% on continued challenging macroeconomic conditions, the impact of a stronger dollar and iDEN declines. While the macro environment has clearly impacted the channel business and demand for large systems, our overall margins within the region remain solid. We have adjusted sales coverage on key accounts and continue to support our partners and customers during the downturn. EMEA was up 1% inclusive of $61 million of Airwave revenues, offset by declines associated with the Norway project, pockets of channel weakness, and currency headwinds. Asia-Pac declined by 4% on currency headwinds and expected softness in China. Excluding currency, Asia-Pac grew 1% with a strong quarter of Managed and Support Services revenue growth. I'd also like to share some brief segment highlights. In our Product segment, some of the notable awards won during the quarter include a $42 million contract with Montgomery County, Maryland to upgrade their P25 network to the latest release, a $23 million contract in Central Africa for a nationwide P25 system, a $25 million order with a North African nation for our latest MOTOTRBO trunking solution, and we won another Public Safety LTE contract with the United Nations for a deployable LTE system and devices. Highlights from our Services business include the award of a significant and strategic contract in the U.K. to provide WAVE 7000 interoperability between the existing Airwave LMR network and the new ESN LTE network when operational. We won a large multi-year maintenance and software upgrade contract with a large U.S. utility customer that utilizes our full suite of services. And finally, our Smart Public Safety momentum continues with strong double-digit revenue growth and continued innovation. New offerings include CommandCentral software to help public safety in the command and control center with real-time operational views, situational awareness in the field, and improved decision-making. New wins in Smart Public Safety includes several Emergency CallWorks awards that bring next generation 911 capabilities to public safety answering points. I would now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Gino, thanks. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, Q1 was a good start to the year in terms of delivering on our sales plan and maintaining momentum in North America and our Managed and Support Services business that we believe will be key growth engines for us in the coming years. Second, we remain acutely focused on delivering significant earnings growth and free cash flow per share increases for full year 2016 and beyond. And finally, our teams continue to make good progress on our growth in innovation initiatives. While there's plenty of work that remains to be done, I'm pleased with the underlying trends we're seeing in our backlog growth and recurring revenues. While the team is streamlining and strengthening our services portfolio, improving sales coverage, adding key commercial vertical resources, optimizing channel efficiency, and making the right targeted investment areas in such as Smart Public Safety and software. And I'll now turn the call back over to Shep so we can then it open up for questions.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up so we can accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to place a question?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hello. Can you hear me?
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: We can hear you, Kulbinder.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks. A question first of all for Greg. I guess just in terms of the priorities for MSI in terms of delivering organic revenue growth, when do you think that's going to be? I'm just thinking – I know there's been lots of impacts over the last couple of years, narrowbanding currency, macro and all the different factors. From where we are now just for the overall organization to organically start growing the top line, is that a priority? Is that something we see as we get to the back half of the year? What drives it? Could you speak a little bit about that, please? And then basically for Gino, just on Airwave, can you maybe just help me understand how quickly the revenues tail off for that business? I assume at some point it will. But I have never got a clear understanding as to, is it after two years or three years or four years? What's the financial dynamics of that acquisition? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Kulbinder. So from an outlook standpoint, a couple of points. Q1 over-performed against our expectations. I'd say that was largely driven by North America to kind of frame that. Second point I'd make is for the first half of our view of the year, I think it's entirely consistent with our expectations a quarter ago, and we're maintaining our outlook for the full year. From an organic perspective, we expect growth in the second half of this year organically, segregating out Airwave.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: And, Kulbinder, on the Airwave question, the current contracts are extended through 2019. And at that point in time, based on the ESN rollout, we'll determine how much longer they go beyond that.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And, Gino, just to clarify one thing on that point, though, is there an opportunity as you bring product solutions to that customer that this could extend to be a multi-year business beyond it? Or is it uncertain at this time? Or I'm trying to understand the longevity even beyond that perhaps.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, Kulbinder. I'll start and perhaps some of the other folks might want to jump in. When we look at the U.K. Home Office and Public Safety in the U.K., we've had a relationship for decades regardless of technology. We expect that relationship to continue regardless of technology. Throughout technology upgrades, service offerings, we've maintained a great relationship with the Home Office and with Public Safety, and we expect to continue that and expect that to go beyond Airwave and ESN.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And just to add a specific piece of color, since both the Airwave transaction has closed and the order for ESN, we received a significant order from the U.K. Home Office for a piece of software that will provide interoperability between LMR, Land Mobile Radio, and LTE and that's a new contract that we got just this past quarter. So I think things are progressing well and we're well-positioned.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, thanks. Very clear. Thank you.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kulbinder.
Operator: We go next to Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you both for taking my question. I was just wondering about like your performance in the U.S., 2% organic growth and also all the comments you have made about your backlog both in Services and in Product. So is it fair to say that this growth is more on the low end than the high end of the kind of growth you expect from the region going forward? And in particular, if I look at the second half, it looks like – so as you've said, you expect organic growth to come back. And based on your guidance, I get the feeling it could be more than 2% organic growth. And in that picture, would the U.S. accelerate, or do you expect growth to come back mostly from international markets? Thank you.
Jack P. Molloy - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales: Pierre, good evening. It's Jack. So I guess a couple comments. When you think about Q1, we had both Product and Services growth in North America. I think that's an important point. We also grew the Managed and Support Services 9%. And as you alluded to, our backlog was up $575 million, again, primarily driven by Managed and Support Services, but we grew both segments. If you think about 2016 in total, as we said, we'll grow the North American business. It continues to be a good environment for both state and local and the federal business for us. A couple things to think about is we've improved sales coverage, so we're starting to see some return on that. And then we're also – we've gone into better data analytics in terms of our ability to target and capture additional software features on the equipment that we sell, the products that we sell. So again, as we said, we expect to grow in North America in 2016.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks. And maybe a quick follow-up specifically on the comment that Gino made on your Product backlog that has been up like for six quarters or seven quarters in a row. What does a Product backlog mostly relate to? Is that like a handsets backlog or is that more infrastructure or features, and what's the typical duration of your backlog on the Product side?
Jack P. Molloy - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales: Yeah, so, Pierre, our backlog as we see it today has trended more towards devices. We've certainly seen particularly in Q1. In the back half of 2015, our mix has really gone to devices over infrastructure. But I will add that we've obviously seen with the backlog growth, we've seen the return of some large scale projects. State of Iowas and those kind of deals. So it's a pretty good mix as we said. Big growth in Services, some growth in devices as well.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Gino, I don't have anything to add on that.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: The only thing I'll add, Jack, is from a duration perspective, clearly the Managed and Support Services is a longer duration, multi-year contract. Product is typically a shorter duration, although in Products we could have system deployment that would extend several quarters.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question, please?
Operator: Okay. We'll go next to Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. First, I guess you mentioned it, but maybe a little more explanation on what's going on in EMEA. I think if you back out the Airwave revenues, it was down like mid-20s percentage year-over-year. So maybe just a little more detail there. And then kind of bigger picture on the revenue this year, if I look at Q1 and the Q2 guidance, it looks like your growth rate ex-Airwave will be down 7% or 8% in the first half of the year. Can you give us a bridge to what gives you the confidence for turning that around to something that looks like it needs to be kind of low to mid-single digit organic growth in the back half of the year? Thanks.
Jack P. Molloy - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales: Okay. Hey, Tavis. It's Jack. So I guess in regards to EMEA first, obviously Q1 was up 4% ex-currency, but when you look at the business organically, obviously we were down 26% in EMEA. And a large part of that is due to the fact of our Norway, the integration runoff and the comps there. We also saw a decline in devices. The other piece of it is if you think about EMEA, we've had some pockets of weakness in the channel at the low end, particularly in Europe. But again, we continue to see – I mean, when you start to think about the region in 2016, we'll see continued pressure in the first half with the runoff of Norway as well as FX. Gino, I don't know if you have anything you want to add as it relates to the second part of the question.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, the second part of the question being confidence in...
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In the full year second half.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...in the full year. So if we look at our backlog aged into the second half, it's comparable to what it was last year, Tavis, and clearly in the first half, the first half Latin America specifically, Q1 and Q2 have been hit hard from a year-over-year perspective. If we look at what happened last year in Latin America, Q1 and Q2 were reasonable quarters and really the falloff happened in Q3 and Q4. So a combination of order activity, increasing backlog, and visibility that we have into the second half give us confidence for the – the expectation isn't for significant growth rates in the second half, but certainly better than performance in the first half.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then if I could ask a follow-up for you, Gino, on kind of the same topic but on the cash flow statement. So I know cash flow normally ramps throughout the year but you're starting from a pretty low base this year in Q1 2016. So is there anything that held cash flow back this particular quarter that should reverse or anything else we should be aware of as we try to get to $1.1 billion of operating cash for the full year?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, a couple things to think about, Tavis. Q1 2015 was abnormally high. As you know, Q1 is typically our smallest quarter due to timing of some of the receivables. And if you look at our trailing 12-month, we're ahead of where we were the prior year. So really we were expecting cash flow to be lower in Q1. It was driven by higher incentive payments for 2015 performance versus 2014 variable pay payments that the majority of which are paid out in Q1 and higher tax payments. And working capital, working capital was a source of cash in Q1 2016, just not as large of a source as it was in Q1 of 2015. As a matter of fact, from a cash conversion cycle, we improved four days in the quarter. So we still expect operating cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion for the full year and free cash flow per share of $4.75 to $5.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Gino, as I look at the Services gross margin and really gross margins overall, it seems like they're perhaps a little bit lower than what we expected with the Airwave acquisition. Is there anything in the Services gross margins that we should be looking at?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So if we look at Services, as you mentioned, the Services gross margin were up year-over-year based on the Norway roll-off. We talked about Services gross margin getting back to that mid-30s percentage as our run rate and that did happen. What happened in Q1 were really three things. There was an FX impact, a volume impact on the product side, and a mix shift from product to services. As Services grew 6%, products contracted 7%. Those are really the three items that impacted Q1 margin. For the full year, we continue to expect full year gross margin to be comparable to last year. You mentioned Airwave. Airwave does have a little bit lower gross margin than our base business. But again, our expectation for the full year are gross margins comparable to what they were in 2015.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. And thinking – I'll ask one quick follow-up after that. Share repurchases were a lot lower than we expected. Now, understandably you guys couldn't buy back anything until Airwave acquisition was closed. Should we think about the share prices now you guys are going to be a little bit more opportunistic or is the thought process you're still going to buy aggressively?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So we remain committed to return of capital. There's no change to the model. There's no change to the assumption of how much cash we need on the balance sheet to run the business. So for planning purposes, the expectation of $750 million to $1 billion of share buyback is still valid for planning purposes.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take the next question from George Notter with Jefferies.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Hi. Thanks a lot, guys. It feels like you've got a fair amount of momentum right now in the Managed Services business even excluding the Airwave piece. But I guess I'd love to just ask you more broadly about the environment for Managed Services deals and are municipalities and states and other organizations now more open to those kinds of business models as opposed to owning and operating networks? And talk about what kind of changes you're seeing there? Thanks.
Bruce Brda - Executive Vice President-Systems & Products: Hey. Thanks, George. This is Bruce Brda. We have seen an increase in the Managed Services business, primarily driven by a couple of things. Number one, the smoothing of cash flows, spend from our customers' perspective; second, and maybe more importantly, is the complexity of the networks are increasing on an ongoing basis. Our customers don't have the resources or the capabilities to manage a lot of those. And so we have seen both an increase in what we would consider support and managed, so long software upgrade agreements and multi-year support plans. And that's driven largely by North America, but also seen around the entire globe.
George C. Notter - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we will go next to Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. I have one clarification, and a question. Based on your comments, revenue performance in Q1 and the guidance for Q2, it appears like some of the revenue has got pulled forward into Q1. Could you clarify if that's right? And is that the reason why your full year outlook has not changed? And then my question is on backlog. Could you update us on how much revenue do you expect to recognize from backlog this year now that you have integrated Airwave?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, on the first one, you're right. I think that we over-performed in Q1 against our original expectations. That was largely driven by North America. So in Q2, our guidance, we think, is prudent. Obviously, we're holding the full year in Q2 specifically we have pressure from Latin America of probably about another $40 million, the roll-off of Norway of about $30 million. And to your point, probably some revenue that we would originally have thought would have appeared in Q2 slid to Q1. When you net all those ingredients, it's entirely first half and full year as we expected. Backlog.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, with respect to the backlog question, as I mentioned earlier, we're approximately at the same position we were comparable to last year, aged in the year from a backlog perspective. And with respect to Airwave, the incremental $1.8 billion we have talked about a $450 million Airwave number. So clearly that $450 million would come out of the $1.8 billion of Airwave backlog.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I just wanted to ask you, you'd given the amount of activity in international markets in Public Safety LTE, specifically in TETRA markets. I'm wondering if you guys have seen any impact on your infrastructure business in TETRA or any impact at all on those markets from the potential shift to LTE in some of these countries.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. I'll let Jack Molloy expand, but we haven't. As we have mentioned with LTE, in the four largest engagements that have been awarded in the world so far, we won all four: Los Angeles, two countries in the Middle East, and the U.K. But simultaneously, we see continued investment in LMR even with those LTE awards. We think that LTE is additive to LMR. We're seeing increased interest between the interoperability between LMR and LTE, hence the award I mentioned from the U.K. Home Office in Q1. So, no, we don't see any chilling effect on TETRA infrastructure in international markets as a result of LTE consideration.
Jack P. Molloy - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales: The one thing that I would add to that is the situation in the U.K. was unique in that they did not own either their spectrum or their network. So they had a different decision than really every other customer we have or we serve around the globe. To the best of my knowledge, they're the only customer in the world that didn't own spectrum or network and again had a different set of options presented to them than any other customer we have with the TETRA network.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. And just a follow-up on that, what would be your expectations of investments in infrastructure now that you own the Airwave asset?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Specifically to Airwave, Andrew?
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah, since you own the business, what kind of investments in infrastructure do you foresee making between now and 2019 in that business?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Minimal, minimal CapEx in that business, Andrew.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. First, I guess can you maybe give us an idea on when you think China might turn around and grow again? And then secondly, with FX stabilizing in Latin America and being such a small part of your revenue now, do you think the worst is over and that you think – you see that region growing again too?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: In terms of China, first of all, we had one of our strongest years ever that I can remember in China last year. But China was down about 25% in Q1 off of a high compare and some lumpiness in strong order activity. I think it will be down probably 20% or 25% for the full year. So we are not expecting any growth in China. Instead, we are expecting contraction of about 25% this year for the remainder.
Jack P. Molloy - Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales: Andrew, I guess maybe a couple comments on LatAm. So I think the first point that I think is important, if you think about LatAm as a region, it's 5% of MSI's total revenues. The second thing I would say is, to your point, when we think about the first half of the year, we were down 42% in Q1. Most of the pressure from a comparables perspective does reside and is the challenge for us in the first half of 2016. But I would really say, having obviously spent a good portion of time in the region that if the situation remains fluid, both from, I think, a natural commodities perspective and a macroeconomic perspective. Some countries are faring better than others, but it remains a challenge. I will say the one bright spot is we remained, and we will sustain our investment in the region both from a go-to-market and from a technical resource because we do believe the market will rebound again. It's just tough to really put your finger on exactly when that will happen right now.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Vijay Bhagavath with Deutsche Bank.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, thanks. Yeah, hi, Greg, Gino. A question and a follow-up. The question is on heading into the back half with all of the change of guard, the drama we are seeing with the U.S. elections, would you see any impact at all with any of your business with the Fed agencies or even with state and local with elections and change of guard? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Vijay, I guess a comment. We don't really – no, we don't necessarily see anything with the federal elections that will impact our business in the federal market. Demand really post-2013 has been pretty stable, pretty solid in our business, and really that's across the continuum for both Product and Services. So, no, we don't anticipate any impact or any slowdown as it relates to the upcoming election in our business in the federal market.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very helpful. A quick follow-on for Gino in terms of OpEx heading into the back half. From a modeling point of view, give us some idea as how should we look into OpEx for the remainder of the year. Thanks
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, Vijay, we said $120 million total reduction year-over-year, and we did $43 million in Q1. So the modeling for the back half of the year, the first half will be a little bit more from a reduction perspective than the second half. And remember, the $120 million is a $120 million reduction year-over-year after the addition of approximately $30 million of Airwave OpEx. So really the reduction and the base business is approximately $150 million year-over-year.
Vijay Bhagavath - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go next to Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gopal Mehta - Cowen and Company: Hey, guys. This is Gopal Mehta for Paul. Two questions. One is a quick clarification. On the organic growth revenue, did I hear you guys correctly that you expect the organic growth for full year, or was that just for second half?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Just for second half.
Gopal Mehta - Cowen and Company: Second half. Okay. And then the second was if you could give us some quantitative color on those – some of the big wins you guys mentioned and how that translates to the backlog.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: So it really depends on the awards. They're different. Certainly, the Services award would be aged over several years. They're multi-year awards. System deployment would likely be aged over several quarters, and then there was some APX subscriber backlog that would be realized as revenue in 2016.
Gopal Mehta - Cowen and Company: Got it. Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions at this time. I'll return the floor back to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: No. Thanks. We appreciate everybody joining us today and we look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap – Vice President-Investor Relations Greg Brown – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gino Bonanotte – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: George Notter – Jefferies Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs Keith Housum – Northcoast Research Ashwin Kesireddy – J P Morgan Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be made available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to our 2015 Q4 earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Products and Services; and Jack Molloy, Executive Vice President, Worldwide Sales. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Bruce and Jack will join for Q&A. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this afternoon’s earnings release in our earnings presentation and the comments made during this conference call and the risk factors and MD&A section of our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Q3 report on Form 10-Q, and in other reports that we have filed or furnished with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Shep, and good afternoon and thanks everybody for joining us. I'd like to make a few opening comments before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q4 was actually a good quarter in terms of margin expansion and cash flow generation. Managed and support services grew 7% adjusted for currency, and North America also outperformed our expectations against the difficult prior year compare and we saw solid growth in Asia Pac. Second, when I think of the full year, 2015 was a year of transformation and achievement that positions us well going forward. We delivered $830 million of free cash flow, took out over $210 million of operating costs, returned $3.5 billion in capital to shareholders, increased our quarterly dividend by 21%, and improved the efficiency of our capital structure. And finally, last Friday, we announced the close of Airwave acquisition, which is a strong and important addition to our services franchise. Airwave owns and operates one of the largest public safety radio networks in the world and will provide a platform to expand our managed services business on a global basis. This business has significant managed services infrastructure and operational assets that could be leveraged for future growth opportunities in this space. The addition of airwave increases our recurring revenue streams by 50%, adds geographic diversification, delivers another source of robust free cash flow, and the transaction is cash and earnings accretive in year one. I’ll now turn the call over Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Good afternoon everyone. Key Q4 highlights include revenue of $1.7 billion, down 8% versus last year, and down 5% in constant currency. The primary drivers of the decline were currency and economic headwinds in Latin America and Eastern Europe. In addition, the Norway nationwide network transition from systems integration to managed services contributed to lower revenues. Ending backlog was up $698 million versus last year and up $486 million sequentially. Multi-year managed and support contracts continue to drive backlog growth. GAAP operating earnings were $389 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $458 million, or 27% of sales, representing a 70 basis point improvement in the prior year. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.56, compared to a loss of $4.02 in the fourth quarter of 2014 due to pension restructuring. Non-GAAP EPS of $1.58 was up 26% year-over-year. The EPS growth was driven primarily by cost reductions and lower share count due to repurchases. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. For the full-year, revenue declined 3%, but was flat in constant currency. EBITDA grew 6% to $1.3 billion. Operating earnings increased 230 basis points to 20.5% of sale. Earnings per share grew 29% to $3.33 per share. Free cash flow was $830 million, and free cash flow per share was $4.11, which has grown double-digits since separation in 2011. Moving to product segment results for the quarter, Q4 product sales were $1.1 billion, down 10% versus the prior year, and down 7% in constant currency. The decline is attributable primarily to FX and economic headwinds in Latin America and Eastern Europe. Q4 product operating income was $340 million, or 30% of sales. Ending product segment backlog was $1.2 billion, up $40 million versus last year. The year-over-year backlog increase reflects growth in Asia-Pac, the Middle East and North America, offset by declines in Europe and Latin America. Turning to services, Q4 services revenue was $557 million, down 3%. Excluding currency impact in iDEN, the services business grew 2%. Managed and support services grew 7% in constant currency with growth in every region. Services operating income was $118 million, or 21% of revenue, up $29 million from last year. Services operating margins were up 580 basis points and improved gross margin and OpEx reductions. As expected margin improvement was driven by the completion of several large systems installations, including the Norway project. Services backlog ended at $5.2 billion, up $658 million versus last year, and up $601 million sequentially. Customers continued to sign long-term services contracts to upgrade, maintain, and manage their networks. $340 million of this backlog increase was driven by our recent Public Safety LTE contract win in the United Kingdom. Backlog was up solidly in all regions except Latin America. Moving to Q4 operating expenses; total OpEx from continuing operations was $386 million, down $45 million, or 10% from the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activities and a stronger dollar. For the year, OpEx is down $212 million or 12%. The largest drivers of the decline include employee reductions in G&A, pension expense and favorability from currency. We have now taken out over $550 million of OpEx in the last three years. Q4 other income and expense was up $12 million to $51 million compared to the year-ago quarter. The increase was due to additional interest expense. Looking at taxes, the Q4 effective tax rate was 31%. Full year 2015 effective tax rate was 33%. Our cash tax rate was 11% for 2015 and we continue to expect our cash tax rate to remain at approximately 15% through 2019. Turning to cash flow; Q4 operating cash flow was $414 million and free cash flow was $370 million. These results were driven by aggressive OpEx reductions and improved working capital efficiency. We ended Q4 in a net debt position of $2.4 billion. We also repurchased $179 million of stock at $69.23. The lower buyback levels for the quarter were due to blackout restrictions for the Airwave transaction, which was pending at the time. Total capital return for the quarter was $239 million, inclusive of dividends. We also increased the dividend by 21% during Q4 to $0.41 per share. Program to date, we have repurchased $11 billion, or 49% of our shares outstanding, at an average price of $57.06 a share. I’ll now provide our outlook for both Q1 and the full-year inclusive of Airwave. Looking at Q1, we expect Q1 sales to decline 4% to 6% including currency, which is expected to be $20 million of translational headwind. This outlook includes approximately $55 million of revenue from Airwave. The decline in Q1 is driven by three items: the Norway contract transition finishing the systems integration phase, continued weakness in Latin America and currency headwinds. We expect non-GAAP EPS between $0.37 and $0.42 per share. For the full year, we expect total company sales, for 2016, to increase 5% to 7%, including approximately $450 million of revenue associated with Airwave. We expect operating expenses to be $1.45 billion, down another $120 million versus 2015, inclusive of Airwave, or $150 million in savings in the core business.  We expect adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of $1.62 billion to $1.66 billion, an increase of approximately 25%. We expect EPS in the range of $4.45 to $4.65 per share, an increase of approximately 30% versus 2015. This EPS outlook reflects an average diluted share count of 170 million to 175 million shares. We expect operating cash flow of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion and free cash flow of $825 million to $900 million, resulting in free cash flow per share in the range of $4.75 to $5 per share. Moving to Q4 regional results with comments on both Q4 and 2016. North American Q4 was down 1% and flat in constant currency. Services in North America grew 2% for the quarter. For full-year 2015, North America posted 3% growth. We’re pleased to finish 2015 with continued execution and expect 2016 sales growth to once again be in the low single digits as we improve sales coverage and capture value for new features and services. In Q4, Latin America was down due to continued economic weakness, a stronger dollar and a decline in iDEN. Revenue declined $58 million or 42% with Brazil representing the largest decline. Although, we expect Latin America to be down in 2016, our outlook is for the decline to be much more concentrated in the first half of the year. In Q4, Europe and Africa was down 21%, excluding FX, sales were down 14%. The Norway transition to managed services and continued weakness in Eastern Europe were the primary contributors to this decline. In 2016, we expect this region to grow due to the addition of Airwaves, while the underlying business will see some headwinds in the first half as a result of the Norway integration completion, Eastern Europe weakness, and currency. Asia Pac revenue declined 2% for the quarter, but grew 6% in constant currency. This region demonstrated signs of stabilization in the second half of 2015. We expect revenue to be approximately flat for 2016, due to difficult prior year compare and economic volatility in China. The Middle East region was down $2 million due to timing of systems integration of the major LTE business. We expect strong growth in 2016 similar to 2015, with ongoing LTE deployments. Moving forward, the Middle East region will be incorporated into a new EMEA region. I will close with a few segment highlights. Our product segment continues to innovate, improve time-to-market and optimize cost. Our optimization and simplification results include successfully outsourcing our Penang manufacturing operations to San Mina and successfully reducing our SKU count at year-end by approximately 40%. We launched new products and extended our technology leadership in Q4, including new devices, which are purpose-built for commercial customers in hazardous locations. Upgraded infrastructure software that improves the capability to sell software features and licensing applications, which will be an important source of growth moving forward. In parallel, the services segment continues to demonstrate solid growth on a constant currency basis. In addition, our managed and support services business continues to win significant new business that is building multi-year backlog and recurring revenue streams. Our primary services growth areas of managed and support services grew 7% in constant currency, which reflects growth in every region. We expect another year of solid growth in 2016. The Smart Public Safety business continues to grow with new wins and deployments led by our Emergency CallWorks suite of software and services.  We extended our Public Safety LTE leadership with a country-wide Public Safety LTE win in the UK with an award value of $430 million, excluding any potential devices and we’ve successfully demonstrated Public Safety LTE trials in several regions. And in Q1, we closed the acquisition of Airwave, which adds significant capabilities to our managed services business by providing a platform, people, systems and tools enabling the support of both LMR and LTE networks. This transaction was funded with $675 million of additional debt as well as the use of foreign cash for the balance of the purchase price. And finally, the business is expected to continue to generate very attractive EBITDA and free cash flow for this foreseeable future. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, despite headwinds presented by a stronger dollar and areas of macroeconomic weakness, we delivered solid growth in several areas for the year, including North America, Asia-Pac and the Middle East, as well as our managed and support services business. Second, we plan on over 30% EPS growth this year. We expect to build on our momentum in North America, add strategic capabilities to our services franchise with the addition of Airwave and continued to drive backlog with large state and nationwide deals. And at the same time, we plan on driving further operational efficiency with another $120 million in cost savings this year. Finally, I believe we are uniquely positioned to bridge the complimentary aspects of Public Safety LTE data with mission critical LMR voice. Our LMR market leading franchise remains rock solid as we continue to win major awards and build multi-year backlog in services, while at the same time, we won the four largest Public Safety LTE awards valued at over $800 million. We continue to make the required investments in people and capabilities as we incorporate more services and software into our business that will enable us to deliver the right solutions at the right time for our customers. I feel confident that we're building a stronger and more competitive Company with durable earnings and cash generation that is well-positioned for the future. And I'll now turn the call back over to Shep, before we open it up for your questions.
Shep Dunlap: Okay, thanks. Before we begin taking questions, I'd like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up, so we can accommodate as many folks as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to proceed with a question?
Operator: Certainly. At this time, the floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is coming from George Notter with Jefferies. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. I guess I have a whole slew of questions here. But I want to start with the guidance for Q1 – a touch below kind of what we were looking for – I think also just treat them a little unclear on how the street handled the Airwave numbers certainly but can you kind of walk through the step down we're seeing in Q1 is it just seasonality or are there other things kind of driving that. And also I want to ask about Airwave. You're looking for $450 million in sales for 2016. I thought Airwave was running about $600 million a year and obviously we can adjust for the closing of the deal on February 19 but it sounds like you're still looking for little bit less on Airwave than we were thinking the run rate was previously. So those are my questions, thanks.
Greg Brown: So, George, let's take Q1 first. I think the way you think of the ingredients is it's consistent with what we signaled last earnings call. So in terms of the headwinds Latin America will be down about $40 million that’s inclusive of iDEN for Q1, Europe we expect to be down approximately $40 million primarily driven by Norway as the largest contract we've ever had transitions off of the systems integration phase. And the third one as we've articulated is FX of about $20 million based on the spot rates today. So think of about $100 million of headwind, the tailwind is $55 million of Airwave, which represents the stub period of closing last Friday on February 19. So that's how I would think about it. The $450 million of Airwave on an annual basis also represents a partial year. We haven’t guided yet obviously and won’t signal yet on the full year fiscal 2007 for top-line.
George Notter: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Simona Jankowski: Hi, thank you very much. I was wondering if you could quantify the EPS accretion you are expecting from Airwave this year. And then in terms of the longer-term trajectory for Airwave’s revenues, how should we think about the UK Public Safety Network transitioning to the mobile operator there relative to Airwave’s revenues in the UK?
Greg Brown: Hi, Simona. Well, first of all, I’ll take the second one first. We're thrilled with the acquisition of Airwave both strategically and financially. As we talked about $450 million of revenue this year, I think probably the most important element is that as part of the negotiation. We've resolved all disputes and all contracts have been extended through the end of 2019. So when we now think about the predictability and financial visibility and commensurate earnings and cash as it relates to that acquisition, it’s substantial and represents just under $2 billion in backlog through the extension of those contracts through the end of 2019. We've worked very closely with the UK home office. They've been great in this engagement in working with us to successfully close the Airwave TETRA network where all contracts are extended through 2019. And also we are to your point, the beneficiaries of the ESN award of $430 million, which we view also we’re well positioned to pursue. So we will work very closely with the home office customer as we transition and I think for a long time how complimentary networks co-exist. So we will drive the value creation through Airwave and also work closely with the customer on the rollout of ESN at some point in the future. On the EBITDA for 2016.
Gino Bonanotte: EBITDA – for EBITDA contribution of Airwave and I think Simona you, the question was specific to EPS contribution of Airwave in 2016. It's approximately $0.50.
Simona Jankowski: Thank you for that. And just to clarify, when you talked about the $2 billion backlog through 2019, is that inclusive of the $430 million for LTE or is that additional?
Greg Brown: No, that is not inclusive of the $430 million for LTE, the $1.95 is Airwave only.
Simona Jankowski: Okay, and then just past 2019, are there any tips for revenues that will remain in place at that point. Or is it going to switch over to your LTE maintenance?
Greg Brown: I think we’ll work with the customer in the appropriate transition. And it’s too early to make that call, but from an acquisition standpoint, we feel very good about our risk adjusted return of capital as it relates to the acquisition of Airwave.
Simona Jankowski: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thank you, Simona.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Great, thank you. Greg, as we look at ESN award from the UK. Is there any of that $430 million included in FY2016.
Greg Brown: No.
Keith Housum: Okay. Should we think about that being pushed out beyond FY2017 and how should we think about that award?
Greg Brown: I think from a financial planning standpoint, probably, yes, I would push it out past 2017. But again, we’re going to work very diligently with the home office on the right optimization and mix. But from a planning standpoint, that’s probably a prudent thing to do.
Keith Housum: Got you. And then changing gears over to the operating expense savings here in FY2016. You guys obviously did a great job here in 2015 taking expensive dollar system. What’s your primary targets for taking out the $120 million here in 2016.
Greg Brown: Well, I'd let Gino add something but I would simply say that I think its representative. Those reductions are pretty consistent with the reductions we’ve made to-date historically in terms of composition and mix. But as importantly Keith, the majority of the actions required to get to these cost targets for 2016 have already been taken. That’s important to know.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We’ll go ahead and take our next question from Ashwin Kesireddy with J P Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ashwin Kesireddy: Thanks for taking my question. As it relates to the core business, can you talk about your international full-year outlook? And I was really hoping if you could comment on whether your international outlook has gotten better or worse over the last few months, excluding Airwave?
Greg Brown: Well, I think if we go around the globe, North America which again is two-thirds of our business had a very strong 2015. And as they build backlog, we expect that growth to continue into 2016 at low-single digits. So we’re very pleased with North America. Latin America is distressed. It’s been consistently distressed from last year. I think it will probably decline at rates comparable to last year. I think it’s worth noting that the majority of the decline in Latin America, which we expect to be down. We’ll likely most – likely occur in the first half of this year. And then we would normalize through the balance of the year. We expect EMEA to be up with Airwave. Without Airwave, it would be down primarily driven by the role of Norway. And Asia-Pac roughly we expect to be about flat. We’ll grow in certain areas. We would expect given the nature of some of the macroeconomic items in China as well as some of the dynamics of the Chinese marketplace. We would expect to be down in China. So all in North America up low-single digits, Latin America down pretty markedly at levels in 2016 comparable to 2015, EMEA up with Airwave, down without Airwave primarily driven by Norway and Asia-Pac about flat with China declining.
Ashwin Kesireddy: Great, thank you. I just wanted to go back to the Airwave discussion. Can you give us a sense of the depreciation levels associated with the business and also tax rate probably they're running at a lower tax rate than your corporate average.
Greg Brown: Yes. Your first question was depreciation? Is that what it was depreciation…
Ashwin Kesireddy: Yes.
Greg Brown: …depreciation associated with Airwave?
Ashwin Kesireddy: Yes, that’s right.
Greg Brown: So the depreciation associated with the Airwave deployment is approximately $80 million a year. And I'm sorry what was the second part of the question?
Ashwin Kesireddy: Tax rate.
Greg Brown: Tax rate associated with Airwave.
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. We’ll follow-up Ashwin with tax rate. So Jack, if we could follow-up, we'll get you that information on the specific tax rate.
Ashwin Kesireddy: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Thanks for taking my call, my question. I wanted to start, what was the absolute LTE contribution in 2015? Did you get to the $100 million figure? What's your expectation on where that is in 2016? And then I have a follow-up.
Greg Brown: Ben, we exceeded the number for 2015. It was about $130 million in 2015, a little higher than we had projected which we were pleased about in terms of 2016. And we look at kind of the unevenness and rollout of the four contracts we're implementing LA-RICS, two in the Middle East and ESN is the fourth award but again as we’ve talked about earlier will have 2016 activity. We’re thinking of 2016 PS LTE revenue contribution to be comparable to 2015 given that we were pleasantly surprised with the over performance in 2015.
Ben Bollin: Thanks. When you look at the FirstNet RFP, that's kind of been issued in their discussion around timing and their strategy with the statewide rollouts beyond the awards issued later this year. How are you feeling about your positioning within that? And then, when would you expect opportunities for bigger revenue contribution coming out of the North American Public Safety LTE on those awards?
Greg Brown: Well look, the idea of FirstNet around interoperable data in Public Safety we feel pretty good about the responses to the RFP are due back May 13, we’ve had interest from a few different partners, we do plan on participating as you probably would expect in that response. We view LTE and Public Safety LTE in regards to the FirstNet as we’ve said a number of times before to be additive to our LMR business and we continue to grow in North America. We continue to add multi-year service contracts in North America. We continue to build backlog in North America with LMR. So, I think given our incumbency and our Public Safety expertise and our ability I think an ideal position to provide interoperability between LMR and over time Public Safety LTE in North America. I think we’re very, very well positioned. We don’t think of any revenue contribution in 2016 or 2017. And as FirstNet is talked about they are targeting an award by the end of the year may slip into really 2017, but that’s kind of the composite attributes of the way we’re thinking about FirstNet.
Ben Bollin: Thanks and one last one if I could get it. Given the guidance on top line and operating margins and kind of those cost cuts, what's actually built into your gross margin assumptions into 2016 that doesn't translate to even better flow through?
Greg Brown: Well, I think from a gross margin standpoint, as we incorporate Airwave everything blended together we think of the gross margin in the high 40s for 2016. That incorporate the shift to services a bit, incorporates obviously, the margin profile of Airwave. But having said that we expect to as we talked about grow EBITDA and grow EBITDA margins and grow operating cash and free cash flow as well in 2016.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Greg Brown: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude the Q&A portion of today’s program. I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. So we look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. A replay of this call will be made available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-04 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The web address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our 2015 third quarter earnings call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President of Sales; and Bruce Brda, Executive Vice President, Systems and Products. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Mark and Bruce will join for the Q&A portion. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this morning's earnings news release and the comments made during this conference call in the risk factors section of our Q3 2015 report on Form 10-Q and our 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. And with that, I'd like to now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. And thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the third quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and outlook. First, Q3 was another solid quarter. The core business remains resilient in several areas. North America sales grew 5%, the fourth consecutive quarter of growth. And as expected, Asia Pac returned to growth with a very strong quarter while the Middle East continues to expand robustly. Second, our operating discipline and cost initiatives are delivering excellent results. During the quarter, we generated 13% growth in operating earnings and 32% growth in earnings per share. And we're now on track for approximately $200 million in OpEx savings for the full year 2015. And finally, our focus on investments in managed and support services, smart public safety and public safety LTE continued to gain momentum. Our managed and support services business grew solidly in constant currency. Our recent acquisition of Emergency CallWorks for Next Generation 9-1-1 is performing better than expected, and we're hosting new public safety LTE trials in every region in the world. We're encouraged about the growth opportunities these areas represent, and we'll continue to pursue new initiatives in these areas. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and outlook before returning to provide some closing thoughts.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks, Greg. Third quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, down 1% versus the prior year quarter. On a constant currency basis, sales grew 3%. Backlog is up $681 million versus last year. GAAP operating earnings were $231 million, while non-GAAP operating earnings were $292 million. These non-GAAP earnings are 21% of sales, representing a 250-basis-point improvement from the year ago quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.63 compared to $0.27 in the third quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.82, which represents a 32% year-over-year increase. This growth was driven by our ongoing cost reduction and simplification initiatives as well as reduced share count. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Products segment Q3 sales were $925 million which is flat versus the prior year, but up 3% when adjusting for currency impact. Q3 products segment operating income was $221 million or 24% of sales, up $46 million versus the prior year quarter driven primarily by our cost reduction. Products segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.3 billion, up $171 million versus last year and up $65 million sequentially, reflecting the sixth consecutive quarterly increase. This increase was driven by North America. Q3 Services revenue was $497 million down 3%. Excluding the impact of currency and iDEN, the Services business grew 3%. Services operating income was $71 million or 14% of revenue. Lower sales volume and systems integration margin related to a few large projects, were partially offset by lower OpEx. Gross margin in managed and support services, as well as smart public safety, were up. Services backlog is $4.6 billion, up $509 million versus last year and down $69 million sequentially, inclusive of a $60 million currency revaluation, customers continued to sign long-term Services contracts to upgrade, maintain and manage their networks. Total company operating expenses from continuing operations were $396 million, down $39 million or 9% from the year ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activity, including the expansion of lower cost shared service centers that have benefited from a stronger dollar. We now expect full-year OpEx to be about $1.58 billion, a $200 million reduction from the prior year. Other income and expense in Q3 was $34 million compared to $29 million in the year-ago quarter. Our Q3 effective tax rate was approximately 35%. We expect the full year 2015 effective tax rate to be approximately 33%. We also continue to expect our cash tax rate to remain at approximately 15% through 2019. Cash flow from operations in the third quarter was $300 million, an increase of $415 million versus last year. Free cash flow was $250 million. The improvement in cash generation was primarily driven by lower pension payments and improved earnings. We remain on track for approximately $1 billion of operating cash flow and $800 million of free cash flow for the full year. We repurchased $2.1 billion of stock and paid out $70 million in dividends during the quarter. This resulted in a net debt position of $2.2 billion at the end of Q3. Moving to regional results, North America revenue grew 5% ahead of expectations once again, under-pinned by strong Product and Services growth. We posted solid growth in both state and local, as well as U.S. federal business. Underlying demand remained solid for our products and services, and the pipeline and backlog remain healthy. Latin America was down on challenging macroeconomic conditions, the impact of a stronger dollar and continued iDEN declines. While these variables were assumed in our prior outlook, the 22% decline was more than expected. The continuing rise of the dollar, particularly in the second half of the year, is having a more pronounced translation impact in Brazil and transactional impact in countries where U.S. dollar-denominated sales have resulted in large double-digit price increases to our customers. The Europe and Africa region was down 23%; the region declined due to FX, the Norway implementation wind-down, and weakness in Eastern Europe. Moving to Asia Pac, the business returned to growth in the quarter, posting an increase of 14%, and was up 24% in constant currency terms. We expect growth in Q4 due to healthy backlog growth and a strong pipeline. Finally, the Middle East region again grew strong double digits and backlog is up over 100% versus the year-ago quarter to approximately $400 million. I'd also like to share some brief segment highlights. The Products segment growth of 3% in constant currency was driven primarily by North America and Asia Pac. We also delivered meaningful profitability expansion in this segment, improving operating margins by 500 basis points. We continue to innovate, drive down costs and simplify our business processes. Some of the Q3 product highlights include launching our Digital Evidence Management Solution, which combines our secured cloud-based CommandCentral Vault software with voice communication, body-worn video, voice recording, and emergency alerts delivered in one compact device. The recent APX 8000 digital radio launch has far exceeded initial expectations for new product revenue. This quad band device includes advanced Wi-Fi and Bluetooth functionality which acts as a personal area network and serves as a platform for future APX devices. Additionally, we remain on track for a 40% SKU reduction by year end, furthering our drive for simplification. The Services segment grew 2% in constant currency and was up 3% when excluding iDEN and FX. Focus areas of managed and support services and smart public safety were up in constant currency. Our recent acquisition of Emergency CallWorks, which is a converged solution for Next Generation 911 call taking that can be deployed in the cloud or on premise, continues to outperform our expectations, including several Tier 1 customer wins. Our Public Safety LTE business continues to gain momentum. In addition to the two international deployments and the LA-RICS deployment, we also have multiple large trials ongoing with international police forces, testing and utilizing our unique public safety LTE solution. This includes interoperability between LTE and LMR networks enabled by our WAVE technology, third-party mobile applications, and broadband devices. Now turning to our outlook, we expect total company sales for Q4 to decline 6% to 8%, or down 3% to 5% including the impact of currency. The weakness in Q4 is driven by incremental currency headwinds, which we now expect to be approximately $65 million, and further macroeconomic weakness in Latin America and Eastern Europe. We now expect full year revenue to be down approximately 3% or up 1% in constant currency. We expect non-GAAP EPS of between $1.45 and $1.50 for Q4 and $3.20 to $3.25 for the full year. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gino. Let me close with a few thoughts. First, Q3 was another solid quarter relative to our sales and earnings expectations as we performed well on a number of measures: revenue growth in North America, revenue growth in Asia Pac, and revenue growth in the Middle East. That said, we saw increased softness and economic uncertainty in both Latin America and Eastern Europe which are tempering our views of Q4. Second, our execution around cost savings and capital return continues to demonstrate strong results. We're on track for OpEx reductions of about $200 million this year, and we're planning on $125 million more in OpEx reductions for next year. We purchased over $2 billion of our shares during Q3, which now brings us to a reduction of nearly half of our share count just over the past four years. Based on these efforts, we expect to see sizable free cash flow per share expansion as we move into 2016 and beyond. And finally, we're seeing progress in our investments in innovation. Strong initial revenues associated with the launch of the new flagship APX 8000 digital radio as well as the Digital Evidence Management Solution, which combines our secure cloud-based CommandCentral software with voice communications, body-worn video and voice recording, all-in-one device. This is an embodiment of the way we think about innovation in bringing together devices, software and services in a streamlined solution that meets the needs and use cases of our customer base. I'll now turn it back over to Shep.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up, so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: And we'll take our first question from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. My question is for Greg. I mean, in terms of what's tempering the cautiousness for the fourth quarter, revenue guidance in particular, Greg, just versus three months ago, can you may be breakdown in order of importance what the drivers are, because I looked at the exposures you have to South America and Eastern Europe, and they are not massive in terms of the overall revenues. And also the currency moves have also been happening a fair amount in the first half as well. So just versus three months ago, can you speak about what's changed, and then also on the – there was a mention there of price increases. Is that quite broad-based where you guys have been hit by currency over the last year? Or is that quite a minor impact? If you could just clarify that, that would be great.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So Kulbinder. So the way we think about this, is we've seen incremental pressure in the second half of this year. I actually mentioned this at the Bernstein conference in September. We started to see pressure in Latin America and Eastern Europe in the August-September timeframe. What's happened is it's become more pronounced. I would dimensionalize it the following way. Think of it as approximately $100 million of incremental net pressure in the second half. I'd say $30 million of that is foreign exchange, Kulbinder, $50 million is further deterioration in Latin America. Remember 80% of our revenues in Latin America are U.S.-denominated and about $20 million is further deterioration in Europe, Eastern Europe, where all of our sales are U.S.-denominated. Now some of this was mitigated in Q3 by the over performance and strong performance in both North America and Asia Pac, but that's how we dimensionalize and see the pressures in the second half of the year. I think to your point around pricing, where we are U.S.-denominated and we've had that kind of pressure, we're seeing more of a price disparity with some of our portfolio. But in Q3 and Q4, we're taking action to adjust accordingly. But that's what's happened over the second half.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then maybe just on the operating cost. The OpEx reduction for next year, is that a new kind of program, or is that always envisaged? I've kind of lost count?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That is a new reduction of $125 million for next year. The $200 million, it just represents the continued progress and solid execution that we announced. There's nothing new about it. It's more of a continuation around platforming, moving from high cost to low cost, eliminating duplication and redundancies, efficiencies around the SKU reduction that Brda is leading on product simplification. But it's manifesting it very well, and the $125 million reductions for next year are off of the full year OpEx base this year, so more efficiencies and more effectiveness.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. Very clear, thanks.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Kulbinder.
Operator: We will take our next question from Rod Hall with JPMorgan.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, Hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. Could you comment on your growth expectations for 2016? Maybe walk us through some of the drivers that could get you back on growth path for next year?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Ashwin. Well, first of all I think it's important that our view of this business being a low-to-mid single-digit growth business in a normalized environment remains unchanged. I remind you that we talked about some specifics about next year. Norway revenue, as the largest project in our company's history winds down, $80 million of lower revenue in 2016 versus 2015. The good news to that is it's a very, very low margin revenue. So, that's the good news associated with that. The second headwind is the $40 million of iDEN as expected, next year in 2016 over this year. And as of today, from a spot rate FX standpoint, we probably have about $40 million of additional FX in next year. Now when you put all those ingredients into the blender, that results in probably about $60 million of pressure in Q1. We're not going to guide, Ashwin, on the full year until next quarter's call but I think it is important to note that North America, we do expect to grow in 2016 at comparable levels to 2015 as they've been building backlog and executing strongly and consistently throughout 2015.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. If I may have a follow-up, honestly...
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...I don't think I heard any target for next year, or reiteration of the $100 million for this year. Could you just clarify that? Apologies if I missed that.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: You mean on the cost reduction?
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No. On LTE revenue for 2015 and 2016.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Got you. So, we still expect to achieve our approximate $100 million in Public Safety LTE revenues for this year. Lot of good work by Bob Schassler and the team on LA-RICS specifically as that project completes this year. We haven't guided specifically on a number for public safety LTE revenues in 2016, but it's fair to say, Ashwin, we expect it to grow next year as we continue some work on LA-RICS but also build out the larger implementations in the two Middle East countries that we're working on.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Can we just get an update on you had the investment from Silver Lake last quarter. If you can give us an update on some of those initiatives that that investment was going to be seeding around partnerships, investments, acquisitions; maybe just give us a sense what's going on with that. And then I had a follow-up.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sure, Tim. The engagement with Silver Lake's been great. They have operationally connected into the business in a pretty seamless way with folks. We're working on a number of work streams. I would categorize them in the consistent areas that I outlined when we first did the deal. I would say that we're partnering around managed and support services as well as smart public safety and specifically some of the software areas. There's also an initiative we're launching with them around cost of goods or what I would call above gross margin, both product and services. So operationally they've interconnected very well with the management team here on a number of work streams. In terms of inorganic, they'll work with us closely as we evaluate things that make sense or may make sense in adjacent areas that we would feel are compelling and accretive. But so far so good. Early days, but very pleased with their engagement.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thanks, Greg. And then, Gino, just to follow-up on the gross margin line, and I think you mentioned the SKU reduction. We've been seeing the gross margin slide lower the last few years here. Could you just talk a little bit about whether it's SKU reduction or what else can help reverse that trend we've seen in gross margins? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Tim. The gross margin pressure we've seen this year is primarily related to large systems integration projects, a couple of projects whose margin is lower than our overall margin. If we look at margin across products, it's comparable in the main to prior periods as well as services, Managed and Support services, Smart Public Safety, those margins remain healthy. We expect gross margins to improve over time as the projects, large projects, roll off by the end of this year. And we also, as importantly, perhaps more importantly, expect operating margin improvement as we expand our services portfolio and services business.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks very much. A couple of questions. Just the first one around FirstNet with the RFP coming up here and vendor selection next year. Can you just update us on how you're positioned and what your expectations are and who you think you're up against?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, Simona, we'll continue to evaluate it closely to see ultimately what requirements are codified in the final RFP targeted by the end of the year. Our operational engagement with FirstNet has gone well. Particularly, I would recognize them and thank them, both FirstNet and NTIA, as we've worked all hands on deck on the LA-RICS build out and initial network completion. So I think that's gone well. They're outlining a set of requirements. We had a meeting with them a few weeks ago. We stay closely connected with them as they ultimately determine both the business model, the framework for the network rollout, and we'll determine after the final RFP is let, how we participate and choose to compete. That will be a 2016 decision to determine how we respond. And I think those responses are due either Q2 or Q3 of next year.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. And then on the body camera launch a couple of weeks ago, can you just help us think through how meaningful that could be from a revenue perspective for the company. In particular, how much of that is incremental versus substitutive to your existing camera resales? And how big is the opportunity potentially for adjacent software or infrastructure sales kind of around and in support of the cameras themselves?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Simona, I think of it as an incremental opportunity and I say that because even though we sell or resell a body camera today, I think sales have been pretty muted and not very meaningful. This is exactly the way we have thought about innovation in that we're less interested in competing in commodity hardware. We're more interested in a value-add, differentiation integrated solution. So we took the back-end around content management, the cloud-based solution around CommandCentral Vault obviously in a secure communication's model where we're integrating it all into a speaker mic. First responders have too much on their belt and too much on their body. So a consolidated, integrated, encrypted superior solution in our view was the way to go. Software, services and all integrated in one device. So we feel good about it and I view it largely as incremental. I think the addressable market I would characterize as maybe $250 million of $300 million. And that's more restricted looking at the addressable market size of the body worn camera. But I do think it also lends itself to your point into potential adjacencies around software as a service. That product will be shipping in a matter of months, so we'll update you accordingly. But we feel very good about that product roll-out.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Thank you for taking my questions. Just sharing a thought on your guidance for Q4. So the number you put out is a bit below what your full year guidance was implying and slightly below where expectations were. But looking at it sequentially, it's at the end of the day your fourth quarter that looks very reasonable. And when I look at the last couple of years, you've had like a strong seasonality into the year and like a very strong Q4. And that was a fairly new seasonal pattern. So my question is does that mean that this very strong Q4 patterns, the general pattern that we've seen in the last couple of years was kind of due to very temporary effects? And going forward we should expect more like normal seasonality followed by (27:52)?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think to your point that when you look at suspending Q4 for a minute and looking at second half, it's generally close to the guidance that we gave, normalized for foreign exchange. I mean said another way, we still expect growth for the full year in constant currency. And the EPS is within the range we gave at the beginning of the year and just recently a quarter ago, although obviously now we're targeting it toward the lower end of that. I think. Pierre, you'll still see generally normal seasonality of the business that's reflective along traditional linearity. If I take North America specifically, even though we're not anticipating growth for North America in Q4, in part to your point, that's on a very strong comp a year ago and North America is performing exactly as we expected, actually so is Asia Pac, but North America for the full year 2015 it's actually performed stronger than we expected for the first three quarters. They are growing backlog and building backlog along the way and as I mentioned, North America which is 65% or 70% of our revenue, we expect to grow in 2016 at comparable levels to 2015. They are executing very strong and very consistently with Jack Molloy and his team.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Silverstein with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Fahad (29:36) in for Paul. I apologize, I have a few questions. So first off on the OpEx reduction, what portion of the OpEx upside was driven by favorable FX tailwinds?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Of the $200 million for this year, about $80 million is favorable FX, which is a good guy, a tailwind. But commensurately, incentives are an $80 million headwind, so they kind of offset each other, Fahad (30:07), on the FX. We're taking $200 million of real cost out of the business this year.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. So looking at 1Q 2016 where hopefully FX is somewhat more stable, do you still foresee this $80 million of a tailwind or does that go away in (30:28)?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, I think FX is an issue for us given year-on-year comps. As I mentioned, the spot rate as of this week, it's $40 million of incremental. I think that manifests itself more in Q1 and Q2 of next year and then should normalize based on spot rates today. But having said that, we're taking another $125 million of costs out in 2016 irrespective of fluctuations of FX.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thank you. Then on your share buyback, can you help us understand your share buyback for 4Q and for 1Q 2016? How should we be looking at that?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Gino mentioned last call that we were targeting approximately $3.5 billion of repurchase for the full year 2015. That's unchanged. We obviously executed on the tender and took a big chunk of shares out this past quarter. I think going forward as the balance sheet's been normalized, I think you should think about capital return along the lines of the framework that we've outlined of operating cash flow, which is 50% repurchase or M&A, 30% dividend, 20% CapEx is a framework of the way you should think about it, given the fact that we've normalized the balance sheet with the tender and have achieved net debt.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Now going back to a macro view, looking at your strength in Middle East, and looking at the falling oil prices, do you see that as a headwind going into 2016? Do think that will change the buying patterns of your customers there and elsewhere which are predominantly based on oil imports – exports, sorry?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think for sure that's what's tempered our view of Q4. I don't necessarily see that changing going into 2016. So we will be guarded and measured, and we'll update you on 2016. As it relates to kind of a region specifically for us, we talked about North America and the color around 2016. Gino mentioned we have robust backlog in the Middle East. So even though there's pressure on oil price reductions largely in that region, we've got healthy backlog and very good visibility, I think, into 2016 for that region. Latin America we don't see changing anytime soon. So I think our views will remain tempered exiting Q4 and into 2016. And Europe, I would dimensionalize around the Eastern Europe issue that we highlighted. And the only other thing worth mentioning specific to us, of course, is the Norway wind down on revenue. But that's kind of how we see it going forward.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. And lastly, looking at some of these integrated video solutions that you sold, can you give us an idea in terms of like the number of opportunities, deal pipelines that are in the foreseeable future in your pipeline? Just to kind of give us a sense on how we should be seeing these opportunities maturing over the next year.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think, actually, Fahad (33:49), I think it'll be better to update you a quarter from now since we just made the announcement and the product rolls out in the next 60 days. What I will tell you is the initial feedback with the Chiefs Conference here in Chicago was strong. It was strong because they like an integrated device, they like the fact that it has content management for crisp extraction on evidentiary and storage requirements, and they like that it's consolidating and thinking about and sensitive to what a first responder carries on his or her chest or belt. So I think it's a little premature to kind of signal the pipeline and the quantification of it. We'll update you in a quarter, but the initial feedback and engagement has been very good. And we're in conversations with a number of customers right now.
Unknown Speaker: If I could follow up on that. So who are the purchasing decision makers? Are these the sheriffs, the police office units? Or are these CIOs that are traditionally not the people that you've sold into? Is the buying pattern for these solutions different from your traditional channels that you sold into?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's both. I think it's the traditional communications group as well as IT. The IT and CIO are becoming more and more involved with the procurement of public safety given the complexity of these IP networks, the sophistication of software. And that's a good thing because our engagement, as we think about North America in particular, we've had our direct sales force talking smart public safety, talking about managed services, talking about the command center, talking about Next Generation 9-1-1. So it's not an unnatural extension, it's a logical extension given our distribution and go-to-market strategy.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: All right. Next question please?
Operator: And we'll go next to Mike Koban with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Or quite a few of them have actually been answered, so what I have left is really just kind of housekeeping. I was just wondering if you guys would – I know you've said it. I think I missed the number, but would you please repeat the backlog number that you guys have for this year?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: The backlog number as of the end of Q3?
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Yes, yes. Excuse me. Yeah, that's correct.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: $6 billion, and the growth year-over-year was 13% or $680 million.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Excellent.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Growth in the Products segment for the sixth straight quarter, and Services growth was basically flat including a $60 million FX adjustment.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thank you. And then did you provide any, or would you provide any free cash flow expectations for the full year of 2015?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: For 2015, we said we remain at free cash flow of approximately $800 million, and operating cash flow of approximately $1 billion.
Mike Koban - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Great. That's all I needed. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question. As it relates to the gross margin improvement in Products, as I look at it, outside of fourth quarter, it's probably one of your best quarters in a while. Do we look at that percent of roughly 57%, is that roughly sustainable over the next several quarters? Is that a new level we should be thinking about?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think you need to look at the composition of Q3 and the performance of North America and specifically some of the products in North America. We mentioned the APX 8000 launch and the market reception to the APX 8000 launch. So the profile in Q3, the mix, skewed a bit to North America and skewed a bit to full-featured products.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Got it. I appreciate that color. Okay. And then as we look – follow up question for you on Eastern Europe. As you looked at what developed over the quarter, I guess if you could provide a bit more color on the pressure in Eastern Europe and expectations of that perhaps beyond just the fourth quarter?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Clearly, currency continued – the ruble continued to devalue, 90% year over year, incremental 30% in the second half of the year. So we saw a continuing pressure. Greg mentioned that in Eastern Europe we're predominantly USD-based, so we're seeing some pricing pressures, particularly at the low end. And we expect that to continue based on macroeconomic conditions. We mentioned oil. There was a question around oil as well as political turmoil right now in Russia. So we expect that to continue into 2016.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew DeGasperi with Macquarie Capital.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Just quickly, in Asia Pac really good results. I was wondering if you could maybe break it down by region where was your strongest area? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Actually, we have performed very consistently in Asia Pac throughout the year. We exited last year with good backlog and good visibility to pipeline. We talked about still being down year-over-year in the first half, but returning to growth in the third quarter and fourth quarter, which is exactly what we've done. And that's really despite some FX pressure in Australia, probably about $35 million, and about $50 million of FX pressure throughout the region. In terms of the overall region, we've actually performed fairly consistently throughout the region. We think about it, and we talked about it in the past, the region being China, Australia and kind of the rest of Asia as kind of the composition. That's continued to be pretty much the case. We've had some declines as you know in Australia; again, they've been facing the FX pressures. China has continued to perform as expected for us, so we were pleased with that. And for the full year we think we will meet our expectations, actually grow slightly in actual dollars and grow low double digits in constant currency, so pleased with the execution throughout Asia.
Andrew DeGasperi - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the cost of goods initiative. In the past you've talked a little bit about some platform strategies, warehousing, OEM strategies, and now you're talking a little bit about Silver Lake and what they might be able to help you with. Can you tell us what you've achieved thus far? What do you think is left? And what that can do to the broader business?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, and I'll have Bruce jump in on this too, but I think that the SKU reduction work has gone exceptionally well, we've talked about we're on track to reduce our SKUs by about 40%. I think the platforming of the systems and product business led by Brda has gone very well to achieve economies of scale in cost of goods. When we think of the cost of goods initiative, or call it above gross margin, I think the engagement with Silver Lake and work will yield higher benefit on Services, above gross margin than necessarily Product above gross margin. And as we think about the deployment of Services people we think about their utilization, their load-balancing, their productivity, software and system and IT tools that we use to track the Services organization, that are more sophisticated and capable today for MSI than even 18 months ago with utilizing software like Flexera and others around feature functionality and service deployment. So I kind of look at that engagement with Silver Lake more yielding services above gross margin efficiencies than necessarily product cost of goods itself, because of a lot of the work that we've done already.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Follow-up. Last year in the 10-K, when you did report the backlog. I believe the percentage that was expected to be recognized in the next 12 months was 33%. I think that was up from 32% the year prior. Can you talk to how that percentage has trended during the first three quarters of the year, if it's been to expectations, if you've seen any big deviations in that percentage? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Trending to expectations, haven't seen any deviations. And we will update you at the end of the year on our aging and expectations for 2016.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah I think the stronger performance in North America through the first three quarters was really sales in the quarter that were orders converted to revenue in the quarter. Our backlog aging has performed really as we've expected.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions. I will return the floor back to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. As mentioned at the outset, we've made a number of forward-looking statements during the call, including outlook related to sales, EPS, cost, operating leverage, cash flow both operating and free cash flow and gross margins, as well as effective and cash tax rates, currency and growth by region and product, as well as capital return and share repurchase and public safety LTE revenues. That's it. Thanks. We look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Mark Moon - Executive Vice President and President, Sales & Marketing
Analysts: Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Joe Del Gaudio - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The web address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. Welcome to our 2015 Second Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, President of Sales; Bob Schassler, Executive Vice President, Solutions and Services. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary. Mark and Bob will join us for Q&A. We posted an earnings presentation and news releases at our website motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, which we encourage you to refer to. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this morning's earnings news release and the comments made during the call, in the risk factors section of our 2014 annual report 10-K and in other reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statements. I'd now like to turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the second quarter and the overall business before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q2 was another solid quarter. North America grew 5%, marking its third consecutive quarter of growth and the overall business grew 2% when adjusting for foreign exchange. Operational execution continues to drive improved profitability and cash flow generation as reflected in our double-digit growth of EPS and double-digit growth in free cash flow per share. Second, our growing backlog and strong pipeline illustrate the confidence our customers have in choosing our technology solutions. We posted a third consecutive quarter of sequential backlog growth, ending the quarter with a record $6 billion of backlog and a healthy pipeline moving forward. Third, I'm very pleased to announce that Silver Lake will make a $1 billion strategic investment in our company that we will use to further accelerate growth in our Smart Public Safety Solutions and Services. And finally, we announced our intent to commence a $2 billion tender offer, representing a significant step toward further improving our capital structure. This accelerated return of capital reflects our continued confidence in the future growth of the company. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide some additional details on Q2 before returning to provide additional context with respect to our strategic announcements made this morning.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Greg. Second quarter revenue was $1.4 billion, down 2% versus Q2 2014. On a constant currency basis, sales grew 2%. Additionally, orders were up 11% year-on-year and ending backlog is up $624 million versus last year. GAAP operating earnings were $254 million, while non-GAAP operating earnings were $260 million or 19% of sales, a 460-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.72 compared to $0.30 in the second quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.68, which represents 45% year-over-year growth. This growth was driven primarily by our cost savings and simplification initiatives. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. Product segment Q2 sales were $867 million, down 2% versus the prior year, up 1% when adjusting for currency impact. Q2 Product segment operating income was $176 million or 20.3% of sales, up $43 million versus the prior-year quarter driven by our cost reduction actions. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.3 billion, up $138 million versus last year and up $48 million sequentially, reflecting the fifth consecutive quarterly increase. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by Asia-Pacific and the Middle East. As expected, we saw a decrease in Europe backlog as we continue to deploy the Norway countrywide system. Turning to Services, Q2 Services revenue was $501 million, down 1%. Excluding the impact of currency, the Services business grew 4%. Services operating income was $84 million or 16.8% of revenue, up $16 million from the prior-year quarter. Lower operating expenses drove the profitability improvement. Services gross margin was 33.5%, in line with our expectations for Q2. Services backlog is $4.7 billion, up $486 million versus last year and up $125 million sequentially as customers continue to sign long-term service contracts to upgrade, maintain and manage their network. Moving to operating expenses, total company operating expenses from continuing operations were $393 million, down $69 million or 15% from the year-ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activities as well as a stronger dollar. These reductions were significant across all categories, with the largest savings coming from G&A. As of the end of Q2, we are now on a run rate to deliver savings of approximately $175 million versus 2014. We believe our business is well-positioned to deliver solid operating leverage. Other operating and expense in Q2 was $39 million compared to $40 million in the year-ago quarter. Our Q2 effective tax rate was approximately 35%. We continue to expect the full-year 2015 effective tax rate to be approximately 33%. We also continue to expect our cash tax rate to remain at approximately 15% through 2019. Turning to cash flow, cash flow from operations in the second quarter was $140 million, an increase of $22 million or 19% versus last year. Free cash flow was $92 million. The improvement in cash generation was primarily driven by improved profitability. We remain on track for approximately $1 billion of operating cash flow and $800 million of free cash flow for the full year. We ended Q2 in a net debt position of $285 million. In Q2, we repurchased $285 million of stock at an average price of $61.63 per share, while paying out $72 million in dividends. We also announced this morning that we intend to commence a tender offer to repurchase up to $2 billion of our share. This is a significant step in improving the efficiency of our balance sheet, while maintaining an investment-grade credit profile. And it's consistent with our belief that buying back our stock represents an excellent opportunity, given our view of company value and future growth. Turning to our outlook, we expect total company sales for Q3 to decline 1% to 3%, which corresponds to flat to up 2% including the impact of currency, which we expect to be approximately $50 million. We expect non-GAAP EPS between $0.68 and $0.73. Moving to the full year, our outlook remains unchanged. We continue to expect full-year 2015 sales to be flat to down 2%, which translates to 1% to 3% growth in constant currency terms. And we continue to expect full-year non-GAAP EPS of $3.20 to $3.40. Moving on to regional results, as mentioned by Greg, our North America business continues to execute, posting the third consecutive quarter of growth at 5% for the second quarter. We expect North America to show modest growth for the full-year 2015 with a healthy backlog. Latin America was down as expected versus tough comparables, including one large deal in the prior year as well as an expected iDEN decline. Challenging macroeconomic conditions as well as the impact of a stronger dollar continue to temper expectations for the year. The Europe and Africa region was down 15% in total, but just 2% when excluding $29 million of currency impact. We expect this region to experience headwinds of currency pressure and the nationwide Norway project transitioning from deployment to long-term managed services. Despite these near-term hurdles, we remain confident in our competitive positioning and long-term opportunities in this region. Turning to Asia-Pac. The business has stabilized, growing at 4% in constant currency. Backlog in this region is up $97 million or 16% and our pipeline is stronger. We expect Asia-Pacific to show growth in the second half of this year. Finally, our Middle East region is going strong double-digits and backlog is up over 100% versus the year-ago quarter to $418 million. Our Public Safety LTE business continues to gain traction and attract customer interest, while our LMR business is also growing robustly. I'd also like to share some segment highlights and key initiatives. Our Product business continues to execute on innovating for customer needs with a shift towards software enablement, while also improving operational performance. This is reflected in the segment's healthy gross margin and lower OpEx, which drove strong profitability of 20.2%. An example of innovation that's driving growth and bolstering gross margin includes a major order for the newly released APX8000, which is seeing strong demand. This new radio platform integrates Wi-Fi broadband and LMR into a single device, while also integrating four different radio bands to provide interoperability as well as high voice quality. By integrating Wi-Fi, customers are able to more effectively add new features and functionality via over-the-air software loads. Another example of innovative solutions solving specific customer needs is the launch of our new line of intrinsically safe TETRA radios, specifically built for hazardous working conditions found in our target verticals of oil and gas, fire and rescue, mining and airports. There are a number of proof points that illustrate operational efficiency improvements in the business resulting in lower OpEx structure. For example, we have streamlined R&D by reducing various testing labs from 19 to 5, shifted resources to lower-cost worksites, and we're on track to reduce SKUs 40% by year-end 2015. Throughout the quarter, we won key customer deals that highlight this customer-focused innovation and software enablement such as a $12.5 million purchase by the U.S. Army for WAVE software that will be used by all the programs in the Army Program Executive Office C3T. WAVE is our application that converts radio communications into voice-over-IP, which allows a user with authorization and a voice-enabled IP device to participate in voice communications regardless of the network or device. $66 million of wins with four customers in the oil and gas and utility industries covering both P25 and TETRA technologies, targeted devices with unique software features position our solution as long-term investments for our customers. Shifting to Services, the Services segment continues to show solid growth in constant currency terms. Our core integration services are executing well and we're encouraged by the opportunities underlying the key growth areas of lifecycle support, managed services and Smart Public Safety Solutions. Lifecycle services encompasses our upgrade agreements for system refreshes and maintenance of both hardware and software. We continue to see growth and strong adoption in software maintenance agreements. Some examples of larger wins include multi-year contracts for $19 million in Hong Kong, $13 million in Quebec and $8 million in Pennsylvania. Managed services continues to be an area of focus for growth. During Q2, we booked orders for several long-term deals, including two contracts totaling $68 million that span over 20 years of operations in managed services in Austria and a $20 million extension to an existing contract in Australia. Additionally in Q2, we launched the North America Managed Services Network Operations Center and have since transitioned customers into that NOC, providing unmatched expertise and scale. Other notable Smart Public Safety wins include a computer-aided dispatch contract for $14 million in the U.S. and a $9 million contract in Australia. Our Emergency CallWorks acquisition is executing well, having secured six new customers this quarter and helping to expand our reach into next-generation, IP-based command-and-control centers. Additionally, we added a partnership with Wynyard, which in conjunction with our acquisition of PublicEngines, will enhance our Smart Public Safety offering. Finally, our Public Safety LTE efforts continue to move forward as planned. The existing deployments are on schedule and we still expect Public Safety LTE revenue of approximately $100 million for this year. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gino. So in addition to a solid quarter, as we mentioned, we announced an important partnership with Silver Lake. We believe this strategic investment is an endorsement of our strategy and a strong vote of confidence in our future growth opportunities. The partnership combines Silver Lake's technology expertise and track record with our brand, market reach, and Public Safety technology platforms around the world. This investment also matches the largest single PIPE investment that Silver Lake has ever done. I'm pleased that Silver Lake managing partners Egon Durban and Greg Mondre will be appointed to the Motorola Solutions Board of Directors. They both have a history of driving growth, creating value and bringing teams together to identify and deliver unique business opportunities in the technology industry. Today, we also announced our intention to commence a tender offer to repurchase up to $2 billion of common stock. This represents an important step towards significantly improving our balance sheet and returning more capital to shareholders, and is incremental to the $8.7 billion in share repurchase and $1.1 billion in dividends that we've returned over the past four years. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow allows us to maintain our investment-grade rating and our ability to drive the growth of our business through strategic acquisitions and investments in innovation. This accelerated return of capital reflects our confidence in the growth prospects and future value of the company. So in closing, Q2 was another solid quarter of outperformance relative to our sales and earnings expectations as we performed well on a number of measures including revenue growth in North America as well as the Middle East. We continue to position this business for improved operating leverage and significant earnings power as we grew backlog for a third straight quarter and we're now on target to deliver approximately $175 million in cost savings for the year. And finally, today's announcements represent not only our conviction in the durability of our business and its earnings and cash generation potential, but the power of our platforms and another important step in accelerating growth in Smart Public Safety Solutions and Services. In aggregate, we're confident and encouraged about the future of our company and our growth strategy and the value creation we can deliver. And I'll now turn it back over to Shep.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to pose a question?
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. Thank you. Our first question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Just on the question if you could just talk a little bit about the visibility the rest of the year, I think that full-year guidance implies similar to last year with a pretty big fourth quarter. So I understand backlog is up, so is that mostly a backlog-driven number? Or how should we think about risk into Q4? And then the clarification just a little bit more on the gross margin side. It seems like there's some positive developments on the Product side most likely offsetting a little bit of mix shift. But we've been a few years of seeing the gross margin come down. Gino, if you can talk a little bit about what we could see to get that gross margin line moving back up, that would be great. Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'll take the first question first, on visibility in the second half. As you mentioned, the first half to second half linearity, it's approximately the same as it was last year. From a backlog perspective, Q3 and Q4 is slightly below what our historic average has been, really given the over-performance in Q2, backlog that we anticipated being in the second half, shipments in the second half reflected in Q2 actuals. So with the over-performance in Q2, we remain confident on the full year and the full year outlook. With respect to gross margin, as we've talked about in the Q4 call and the Q1 call, the gross margin has been affected largely around systems integration in the Services segment, predominantly related to a couple large project deployments that have been occurring, Q4, Q1. We saw a little bit of an improvement in Q2. We continue to expect Services gross margin longer-term to be in the 35%, mid-30% range, approximately 35% and the Product gross margin is stable despite some currency headwinds.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Your line is now open.
Joe Del Gaudio - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Good morning. This is Joe Del Gaudio standing for Pierre. I had a couple of questions. One is, in addition to the $2 billion you mentioned in buyback and tender offer, are you expecting to buy anything else in the open market on a regular basis in addition to that? And the second question is, if you can comment a bit on your guidance for next quarter, it seems a bit conservative and low in terms of sequential growth. Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: ...question first. The – what we've guided to at the end of Q1 was approximately $600 million to $650 million a quarter, representing about $2.5 billion of buyback. Inclusive of the $2 billion tender, we now intend to repurchase approximately $3.5 billion in 2015. So after the legal cooling-off period at the conclusion of the tender, we expect to be back in the open market.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And Q3 guidance?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Q3 guidance, I'm not sure if you were referencing top line or bottom line, so I'll address both. Q3 guidance top line, clearly over-performance versus expectations. Our expectations in Q2 is driving some of that. And from an earnings perspective, it's really similar to Q2 and the incremental sales and associated gross margin driving the EPS range.
Joe Del Gaudio - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, Greg and Gino. Nice quarter. I guess another question on the Silver Lake capital. Should we view that as specifically being earmarked for acquisitions? Or I guess the other way to answer that is, should we think about it any differently in terms of how the balance sheet will look or how the cash balance will look exiting next year than we would've thought about it previously? And then in terms of LTE, the revenue rec of $100 million this year, remind me, I've kind of lost track in terms of what's been announced on LTE. Where would that leave you in terms of LTE backlog exiting this year? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: ...LTE first. We still estimate that we will achieve the approximately $100 million in Public Safety LTE revenue in this year. We expect – we'll be focused on the existing deployments and revenue derived from them, the two in the Middle East and in LA. So while we're not guiding for next year, we expect the Public Safety LTE revenue in 2016 to expand at a reasonable clip of which details will follow. On Silver Lake, Gino talked about our balance sheet. So we are in a net debt position exiting Q2. We clearly have a lot of capacity in capital, hence our intention to commence a tender. And even after the share repurchase that Gino outlined, which could be as much as $3.5 billion this year all-in, we have firepower remaining given the earnings and cash flow generation of the business moving forward to do more. I think Silver Lake brings us organic and inorganic opportunity and we will continue to look at acquisitions that may make sense, particularly in software or Smart Public Safety and Services. So, I think it strengthens our hand pretty nicely.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And if I could have an operational follow-up. The Europe business, obviously you're lapping tough comps. Number one, is there anything else going on there besides tough comps? And then secondly, do have enough visibility into the rev rec from the backlog to have a feeling of when that geography could stabilize or start to grow again?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, Europe/Africa has done great for us in the prior three-year periods. It does have macroeconomic headwinds today as well as the biggest project we've ever had in the history of the company for Norway as it starts to wind down. So, it was just about negative 1% or negative 2% normalized for FX. I still think that Manuel and the team are doing a nice job all in both on the system side as well as professional commercial radio. As we think about going into next year, there will be a more significant wind-down of Norway's revenue recognition, probably about $80 million of revenue headwinds out of that region in 2016 over this prior-year period. But overall we feel good about the opportunities that are in front of us.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Silverstein with Cowen & Company. Your line is now open.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you. This is Greg (25:59) for Paul. I appreciate taking my question. Just two quick questions, on the FX impact to revenue, can you just talk about the pricing impact, specifically is discounting more of a factor in the past quarter than it has been? And then around the OpEx tailwind from FX, can you provide some clarity on numbers or some type of contribution? Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. The FX impact on pricing depends on regional specifics. There is some impact in Latin America on pricing. We haven't really seen any margin erosion or ASP reductions, so we've been containing the FX pressure at least on pricing. With respect to the FX impact in budgets, I think was the second question, obviously interrelated, both questions. What we've said in the past is that we expected an EPS impact of about $0.05 to $0.10 for the year with respect to currency movement, with FX impacting BGM or reducing – the $175 million reduction year-over-year in cost, approximately a third of that is a result of the stronger dollar. If we look at our BGM profile, about 40% of it right now is denominated in something other than USD. So in conjunction with the Services business and our efforts around moving to low-cost centers, we've built in a hedge for FX movement, so it really doesn't impact the bottom line as much as it does the top line.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that on the revenue FX impact, it's about $50 million in Q2. We anticipate it being about $50 million in Q3, and on the full year, given the spot rate, it's about $190 million. I think that the only other thing I'd comment is, I think the more pronounced FX pressure have been a contributory factor to the compressed results in Latin America in particular. But we're managing it accordingly and it's incorporated into the overall guidance we're providing.
Mark Moon - Executive Vice President and President, Sales & Marketing: And along that line, as we continue to monitor pricing, ASPs have been holding, as Gino indicated, so we haven't really seen it affect product pricing, so to say, as Greg mentioned, just really the buying power because of Latin America being U.S. dollar-denominated for our projects and the impact of the currency there locally.
Unknown Speaker: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to go back to the discussion around Silver Lake. Back in February, you guys already talked about some of the growth initiatives in the Services segment and some of the focus areas for you. I was wondering if you kind of identified new areas of initiatives or new technologies that you need to develop that correlate to this partnership with Silver Lake.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that – good question. Thank you. As we said in February, we're emphasizing Smart Public Safety Solutions as well as Services. And I think the Silver Lake partnership is right in the sweet spot of extending and accelerating our existing strategy in this regard. I think they bring significant expertise in technology products and information solutions. They're smart, they're savvy, I think they'll help us on surgical M&A as well, both in terms of looking at the funnel of opportunity and executing on good deals potentially to supplement and complement what we already have there. We've been acquiring already. We did an analytics company a few months ago. We did a command-and-control software company with Emergency CallWorks, that's gone very well. We did a push-to-talk interoperable software company with Twisted Pair. So I think Silver Lake will – I think of it – them as accelerating and extending what we already have. We're bringing in new talent into the company. We have a new CIO and many of the people in IT are new. Tom Guthrie, who runs Smart Public Safety Solutions, has come in through an acquisition with Twisted Pair. I feel very good about the relationship, the capacity and the technology savvy that I think will be complementary to what we're doing already.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Is it fair to characterize this as – your strategy as going after more tuck-in acquisitions rather than making any big ones?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's probably fair, but I would say that if there's something more material and it's compelling and accretive, we'll consider that, too, so exciting times for what we're doing going forward.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. Just last question on public, on police video, do you see that as a growth opportunity maybe next year or even later? And do you think you need – do you have all the technologies necessary to benefit from any spending there?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Just to make sure I understood, was your question around video?
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, police video.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think video is a very compelling opportunity for us in many ways. I mean, you see front-and-center all of the rhetoric and narrative around body cameras and capturing video information at an incident with first responders, combining it with their communications. Video is one of the critical components in our Smart Public Safety Solutions strategy, not just the edge devices that may capture it, but the analytics aggregation, dissemination and pushing of that data and the high-bandwidth video into a first responder to a full-fledged complementary converged device. So I think video is very important to what we're doing going forward. I see it as growing in importance. And I think that will be also front-and-center with the value proposition that we engage Silver Lake on.
Ashwin X. Kesireddy - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks very much. A clarification first, if you can just comment on the split of infrastructure versus device sales for the quarter in terms of their growth trajectory. And then it looks like you're well on your way to hitting or even maybe exceeding the $175 million OpEx savings for this year. Can you comment on the potential for that number to go higher both for this year and then any incremental opportunities for savings into next year or do you feel like you've largely exhausted the opportunity for savings once you get through this program?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think on the cost side first, I think I would characterize the $175 million of cost reductions this year as probably in the seventh or eighth inning of our journey on cost reductions. Clearly, the majority of them are behind us. And I think the team has done a really good job, not just cutting expense but restructuring the business in a more thoughtful and simple way, doing things that we don't need to do after selling the enterprise business, getting after footprint, capacity, requirement, duplication. There might be a little bit more there going forward. We'll always be prudent on looking at the cost structure. But as we pivot now, and especially with today's announcement with Silver Lake, I think of this company's trajectory going forward more about growth, more about investment and more about expansion.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Simona, this is Gino. On the device versus infrastructure, devices in Q2 contracted slightly, and infrastructure was up, systems were up. Importantly, though, devices in North America were up. The contraction's really due to Latin America and the other geographies, not North America.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Gino. And infrastructure in North America, was that up as well?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan (sic) [Brian] Modoff with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, guys. So I guess we can also look at Silver Lake investment today as really kind of a change in strategy. At one point, you'd been considering potential sale of the business. Looking at this, clearly you're moving in the direction of growing your business. Is that a fair statement?
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think that's a fair statement. I think our focus has always been on growing the business and adding capacity and competency. I think, Brian, it's a logical extension of the path that we've outlined, which is: optimizing our balance sheet, which is a big part of today; improving the operating and the financial performance of the company, which is also a big part of today; building backlog, which gives us momentum for growth. So, I look at this as a continuation of what's been my focus and management's focus, which is growing this company.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then could you give me an update on FirstNet, where you see that standing? And then also, can you talk about your view of the importance of lower frequency radios and their stickiness to the business relative to perhaps the idea of using voice-over-IP over LTE at some point in the future as your main communication source for voice? Thanks.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. On FirstNet, I think we continue to work very closely with them. We're actively participating and engaging with them through the draft RFP process. By their own articulation, I think this will carry forward into an RFP, another RFP, by the end of the year or early next year. And I think that – I think their whole initiative will be very measured and elongated, and we're staying closely in touch with them along the way. As a sidebar, in terms of LA-RICS and that Public Safety LTE deployment, I think we remain on track. And Bob Schassler and his team have done a nice job accelerating what we need to get implemented by the requisite deadlines of that contract. In terms of your last point on voice-over-LTE, we've been specific in pointing out that there's voice-over-LTE and then there's mission-critical voice-over-LTE. And we believe that mission-critical voice communications that are embedded in these private networks for LMR have a long, long life. And Public Safety LTE, if you will, and instantiations therein are additive to the LMR business both domestically and internationally. So we feel good about our position, and we'll monitor it going forward.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks for the question. I joined a bit late, so maybe this was answered. But I just wanted to clarify what's the best way of understanding the seasonality of operating margins in Q3 and Q4 because I was previously under the kind of impression that Q3 gets back and Q4 rises and Q2 dips. But that doesn't sound like that's how you wanted to model it this year. So is it something that happened in Q2 that we should be aware of that helped margins maybe? That's the first question. Second one is once this tender offer on share repurchases is done, what's the best way of thinking about the ongoing buybacks? You were kind of modeling it more smoothly through the end of 2016 at current run rates, there's obviously going to be a step down in the share count. I just want to make sure I get that right. Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'll – Kulbinder, this is Gino. On the margin question, our expectation for margin in Q3 and in Q4 is in line with what we've seen in prior, certainly last year and in prior periods.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And I think on seasonality, I believe that our expectations on the second half of this year are generally comparable with last year.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: On the tender, as Gino mentioned earlier, we'll see how it shakes out. And after the tender closes out, there will be the opportunity for us to enter into, after the tender is completed in an open market capacity as we evaluate that accordingly.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): But just to be clear, Greg, on that point, you remain committed to ongoing share repurchases, in a sense, thanks to free cash flow being distributed beyond this as well, right?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. No change to the capital allocation framework that we outlined.
Kulbinder S. Garcha - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is now open.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks, guys. Good quarter. Hey, Gino, real quick, you'd mentioned that after the tender is over, you're going to have to take a timeout according to the rules. How long is that going to be in effect for?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: It's 10 business days, Keith.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Oh, just 10 days. Easy enough. Good. And then if you can just drill down a little bit deeper into the North American business, up 6%. It's another good quarter for you guys there. Can you provide a little bit more color on where that strength is coming from? Is it the PCR business? Is it the federal business? Just a little more color there, please.
Mark Moon - Executive Vice President and President, Sales & Marketing: Hey, Keith. This is Mark. Actually the strength has been across the board. As we'd mentioned earlier, we've been getting strength in the systems business as well as the device business. The PCR business last quarter was relatively flat, but it had been growing prior to that. And again, if you think about overall North America, growth has been 4%, 6% and 5% the last three quarters, so a little stronger than what – or it's certainly at the high end of our expectations. The federal business has also grown the last two quarters. And we expect it to grow again in the second half and to have modest growth again for the full year. So don't want to declare victory yet, but as we said, we thought that the narrow-banding effect had worn off and it looks like North America, even given when we talk about North America, they're facing some FX headwinds of about $20 million in Canada, but across the board, seems to be good growth and solid, if you will, pipeline to where we're looking at the future.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Genovese with MKM Partners. Your line is now open.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Great. Thanks a lot for taking the question. First, on the Silver Lake investment, I'm just trying to understand what additional business opportunities or end markets or product areas will this investment allow you to target? I'm just – I'm confused about these new business opportunities, what they are.
Greg Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think, Michael, I don't think they're new business opportunities. I think the Silver Lake deal is more about bringing additional capacity for us to go achieve them and go seize them. As somebody mentioned earlier, this is exactly consistent with – we outlined in our Financial Analyst Day in February. So this is all about doubling down on software and services, more specifically Smart Public Safety Software and our Services business. I don't think it's new. I think it's a reaffirmation of our commitment and an acceleration therein.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Great. That's helpful. And then the second point is that with this $2 billion tender offer, it's obviously going to reduce the share count above and beyond what we already thought, but yet we're getting the EPS guidance that's consistent with before. It doesn't seem to take the reduction in the share count into – I mean how is that taken into account in your guide?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: In the guidance – so it's important to note and, as I said earlier, the $2.5 billion in what we've guided to for the year and now it's $3.5 billion, but it's also important to note that from an accounting perspective, the Silver Lake investment, the shares represented in that investment will also be included in EPS.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Right. Okay. Thanks. I appreciate the clarifications. Thanks.
Operator: I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. We made a number of forward-looking statements during the call. That's including statements relating to the investment by Silver Lake and the use of proceeds and benefits thereof; the intent to commence the tender offer; our intent to maintain liquidity and investment grade; outlooks relating to sales, EPS, cost savings, operating leverage, operating cash flow and free cash flow as well as gross margins; effective and cash tax rates, currency; Public Safety LTE sales; regional growth; acquisitions and capital return, share repurchases as well as backlog. Thanks for joining us today and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be made available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The Web address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President Mark Moon - Executive Vice President & President-Sales and Product Operations Bob Schassler - Executive Vice President-Solutions & Services
Analysts: Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Dominic Ruccella - Northcoast Research Partners LLC Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately three hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode, and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, and good morning. Welcome to our 2015 First Quarter Earnings Call. With me today are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations; and Bob Schassler, Executive Vice President, Solutions and Services. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Mark and Bob will join for the Q&A portion of the call. We have posted an earnings presentation and news release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during the Q&A portion of the call. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this morning's earnings news release and the comments made during this call, and the Risk Factors section of our 2014 annual report on 10-K and other Motorola Solutions reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. I'll now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. I'd like to make a few opening comments about the first quarter and the business overall before Gino takes us through the results and the outlook. First, Q1 was a solid quarter for us. Revenue was flat, although when adjusting for currency, the business grew 3% with growth in all regions except Latin America. Additionally, we posted double-digit profitability growth with a 24% increase in non-GAAP operating earnings and a 36% increase in non-GAAP earnings per share. Second, I'm very pleased with another excellent quarter of growth in North America, which grew 6% on strong product sales. Overall, our business continues to show signs of improvement, including our backlog position at the end of the quarter, which grew 8%. And third, we continue to drive future growth through important investments in innovation, and we're driving an increasingly-efficient cost base that positions us well for improved leverage and stronger cash generation. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q1 results and our outlook.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Greg. Good morning, everyone. First quarter revenue was $1.2 billion, flat versus Q1 of 2014, up 3% in constant currency. Additionally, ending backlog was up $442 million or 8% versus last year, and up 1% versus Q4, inclusive of a $149 million unfavorable FX adjustment to backlog in Q1. GAAP operating earnings were $119 million. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $156 million or 12.8% of sales, a 250 basis point improvement from the year ago quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.40 per share compared to $0.33 in the first quarter of 2014. Non-GAAP EPS grew 36% year-over-year primarily driven by our cost-savings initiatives. For the remainder of the call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook, unless otherwise noted. Turning to the Product segment, Q1 sales were $758 million, up 1% versus the prior year and up 3% in constant-currency terms. Growth was driven by strong demand in North America for our P25 and PCR product lines. Q1 Product segment operating income was $90 million, up $38 million to 11.9% of sales versus the prior-year quarter, driven by our cost-reduction actions. Product segment backlog ended the quarter at $1.2 billion, up $132 million versus last year and up $43 million sequentially, reflecting the fourth consecutive quarter of increase. The year-over-year increase was driven primarily by Asia Pac and the Middle East, while we also saw an increase in North America. As expected, we saw a decrease in Europe related to the continuing deployment of the Norway system. Turning to Services, Q1 Services revenue was $465 million, down 2% as expected. iDEN and integration services declined, while key growth areas of managed services and lifecycle support services were slightly up compared to last year. Excluding both iDEN and the impact of FX, our Services business grew 3%. Services operating income was $66 million, down $8 million to 14.2% of revenue, driven primarily by lower iDEN sales and a lower gross margin in integration services. As we stated in our Q4 call, we expect lower service gross margin in the first half of 2015. We continue to expect a return to the mid-30% gross margin range for the second half of the year. Services backlog is $4.6 billion, up $310 million or 7% versus last year, and flat sequentially despite a $145 million foreign exchange adjustment in Q1. Moving to operating expenses, total company operating expenses from continuing operations were $396 million, down $60 million or 13% from the year ago quarter, driven primarily by continued cost reduction activities, as well as some benefit due to pension expense and a stronger dollar. Our largest decline came in G&A, while we also drove reductions in sales and marketing and R&D. As of the end of Q1, we are on a run rate to deliver savings of $150 million to $ 175 million versus 2014. We are well positioned to deliver solid operating leverage as we move throughout the year. Other income and expense in Q1 was $37 million compared to $18 million in the year ago quarter. Our Q1 effective tax rate was 29%. We continue to expect full year 2015 effective tax rate to be approximately 33%. We also continue to expect our cash tax rate to remain at approximately 15% through 2019. Turning to cash flow. Cash flow from operations in the first quarter was $151 million, an increase of $139 million year-over-year. The improvement in cash generation was driven primarily by working capital improvements, specifically accounts receivable. We ended Q1 in a net debt position of $43 million. In Q1, we repurchased $653 million of stock at an average price of $66.12, while paying out $75 million in dividends. Now, turning to our outlook. We expect total company sales for Q2 to decline 3% to 5%, which includes approximately $45 million in year-over-year currency impact. This outlook also includes approximately $20 million in headwinds in the second quarter related to the temporary delay of the LA-RICS Public Safety LTE deployment. We expect non-GAAP EPS between $0.51 and $0.56. Factoring in Q1 results, our first half expectations remain unchanged. Moving to the full year, our revenue outlook remains unchanged. We continue to expect full year 2015 sales to be flat to down 2%, which translates to 1% to 3% growth in constant currency terms. We now expect full year non-GAAP EPS of $3.20 to $3.40 a share. I'll now turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Gino. I'm encouraged by our Q1 results. North America was a particular bright spot which grew 6% on strong product sales. North America has posted two consecutive strong quarters of growth, and we believe the region will return to growth for the full year. Backlog is up in this region over $500 million on a year-over-year basis. Moving to the other regions, the Europe and Africa region declined 11% in Q1 due to currency. Adjusting for currency, the region posted 1% growth. Asia Pac saw a 5% sales decline in Q1 or flat excluding currency. Order activity here has been healthy, and aged backlog in Asia Pac is higher than the second half of last year. Our Middle East business, while smaller, is growing quickly, with a large rise in backlog, both year-over-year and sequentially, as the large Public Safety LTE win we mentioned last quarter added over $200 million to the backlog position. Latin America had a challenging quarter due to a strong prior year compare, along with a significant decline in iDEN, as expected. Additionally, there's also a number of countries there that are facing difficult macroeconomic conditions, which is tempering our expectations in the region for the full year. Turning to segment highlights and initiatives, in our Product segment, we're making progress across and against our growth initiatives of driving system upgrades, software enablement, monetizing product enhancements and new product introductions. In the quarter, we earned new business from customers upgrading aged systems, and purchasing additional software features and functionality. We also delivered more core innovation within our Product portfolio with a specific customer-driven solution such as the APX8000, a P25 portable radio featuring integrated Wi-Fi and quad band radio all in one device. The Wi-Fi capability enables more efficient radio management for our customers, with a faster broadband connection for software feature and firmware updates. Additionally, this breakthrough technology enables four radio bands in one device, and allows our public safety customers to communicate across borders and between systems using a single device that further improves interoperability. From an R&D perspective, the APX8000 incorporates our newest platform development approach that will be fully leveraged on future models in order to minimize cost and drive simplification. Another portfolio enhancement this quarter includes TETRA radio innovations specific to mission critical demands. Our new devices have improved ruggedness, coverage, audio and enhanced security features that better serve the specific needs of our public safety customers. In addition to new and improved device innovation, our North America P25 infrastructure now incorporates WAVE technology, which enables the convergence of LMR and LTE access from any device via an IP connection. Our customers are responding to these growth drivers through strategic wins such as the Norway project utilizing WAVE technology to enable secure approved users, the ability to monitor and utilize specific talk groups while outside the country or network; the $135 million South Australia network that's a major upgrade of an existing system with new features and functionality; the $46 million win with Hamilton County, Ohio that's an upgrade of their existing system with integrated voice and data capabilities that not only improves their network today, but enables continuous upgrades to new features and functionality via software updates going forward. Our Services segment revenue was down slightly this quarter due to currency pressure, iDEN and integration services declines. However, we posted increases in the areas of lifecycle support services, managed services and Smart Public Safety solutions. Lifecycle wins include a $32 million award with Hamilton County, Ohio for a multi-year hardware and software maintenance agreement on top of the $14 million hardware and system upgrade. It also includes a multi-year hardware and software agreement with the City of Columbus, Georgia for $7.2 million, plus $5.8 million for a multiyear PremierOne CAD maintenance agreement. Both of these support agreements are on top off a $6 million order for conventional equipment. Our managed services business earned several notable wins, including $62 million for a multiyear managed services contract that was a part of the South Australia Government Radio Network deal, and we also won multiyear managed services deals worth $9 million in Brazil and $8 million in Iraq. Finally, our Smart Public Safety Solutions business was bolstered with the acquisitions of Emergency CallWorks and PublicEngines. Both companies are leading providers of software-based solutions, solidifying our offerings in command and control, and next generation 9-1-1 call centers and intelligence-led policing solutions. Key wins include a $6 million command and control contract with a country in Africa, $3 million to expand the city of Chicago's video surveillance system, and several CAD and next-generation 9-1-1 wins, leveraging our new Emergency CallWorks portfolio. So let me close with a few thoughts. First, Q1 was a solid start to the year in terms of sales momentum and ending backlog position. We performed particularly well in both North America and the Middle East. Second, we continue to make excellent progress driving further operational efficiencies, while also improving speed and execution. We feel confident about delivering on our cost targets and will keep applying the proper rigor to size the business appropriately for the long term. And finally, we continue to aggressively return capital to shareholders. We bought back $653 million of stock and paid $75 million of dividends in Q1. We've returned over $2 billion to shareholders just in the past two quarters alone, and we've now moved into a net debt position. And that said, we remain focused on further improving the efficiency of our balance sheet. And I'll now turn it back over to Shep.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and a follow-up so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. And we can take our first question from Tim Long with BMO Capital. Please go ahead.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Thank you. Two questions for me. First, on the revenue side, obviously, backlog looks strong two quarters in a row here even, ex-ing out the currency. It looks like the second half implies pretty flat year-over-year. So just wondering why that's not a little bit stronger. Is there something in the aging of the backlog or something that maybe makes us feel better about heading into next year? And then secondly, on the gross margin side, I get in the quarter that services was a little bit of a drag. Just curious on the Product side, that was down a little bit as well. Just curious, are there any measures you can take to match the strong performance you're having on the OpEx side and maybe get some more efficiencies out of the gross margin line on Products? Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Tim. This is Gino. I'll start with the gross margin question specifically in Product. The impact of currency is really what we're seeing from a Product gross margin perspective. It's about 50 basis points on gross margin. Actually, it's a bit larger than that, offset by strong North America Product sales. And we continue to explore and work different options to minimize, certainly, the impact of FX, as we've done in OpEx. With respect to the backlog position, nothing's really changed in the aging. It is a little bit different expectation of the in-year orders versus backlog orders for the remainder of the year, but there is no change in aging – any appreciable change in the aging of backlog.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ehud Gelblum with Citi. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Very strong, stable results. A couple questions. First of all, at what point do you expect to lap Norway? And x-Norway, is Europe stable or still declining? And is it – once we get past – I assume by the end of this year, we'll certainly be past the initial decline in Norway, does Europe start growing? And then one of your competitors, Harris, obviously is having some issues. A lot of that is share gains by you guys. I'm assuming most of that is North America. Is there any way you can parse out how much of the strength you see in North America is share gains from Harris versus how much is underlying market growth? And then lastly, a comment on LTE. Obviously, LTE has had a rough quarter, both at LA-RICS and at FirstNet. What are your thoughts? We saw the guidance, the $20 million in headwinds from LA in Q2, but what are your thoughts on the $100 million for this year and for next year? And just kind of just walk us through the – your long-term thoughts on LTE. What are the different directions that can go in, both kind of in a normal bull case but also in a bear case? What could happen if LTE and FirstNet really doesn't get off the ground? What does that scenario look like for the next couple of years then for your business? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Hudy, a couple of things. Let's start with – I'll start with Harris. Yes, I think clearly that the 4% growth in Q4 led by Jack Molloy and his team, as well as the 6% in Q1, really strong performance. Now, we don't expect North America to grow for the full year at those levels. But that said, there's no question we are taking market share from them. I don't know the exact bifurcation of share gain versus overall market lift. What I would say is though, as per my previous comments, I thought that narrow banding would largely be behind us by the first half of this year. I would say that, that's still true given not only the North America growth performance, but the device performance specifically within North America. That's first. Second, LTE. Despite the LA-RICS delay and the $20 million headwind in Q2 and the down scoping of that project for the full year, I remind you that we have three projects, large ones, that generate probably 90% plus of the LTE revenue. Even with the headwinds in LA, and we're pleased that, that suspension's been lifted, we're looking forward to completing a successful system. We still believe, Hudy, we can do approximately $100 million in Public Safety LTE revenue this year because there's other puts and takes from the other projects. And in the main, we still feel pretty good about the full year and our earlier projections. Last in terms of LTE, we're focused on completing the awards that have been made, as we mentioned at the financial analyst meeting. We're still engaged with some customers in the Middle East, customers in Latin America, customers in Asia Pac. And we will continue to pace here in the U.S. to the pace of FirstNet. The draft RFP is out. It's still unclear what final configuration or business model will result in FirstNet, but we continue to work closely with them, and we'd certainly have a number of options that we're planning for, contingent upon how ultimately, Public Safety LTE gets rolled out in the U.S. So I think we're well prepared from a variety of different options standpoint, and we're still in a good position. And by the way, with the investments we made, we have the best portfolio, and I believe at least a two-year head start versus our competitors.
Mark Moon - Executive Vice President & President-Sales and Product Operations: Just to tag on to that, and then I'll speak to your question about Norway, Hudy. The other thing to point out on those three large deployments that Greg mentioned, quite honestly, even the smaller trials that we've got going, they're primarily infrastructure today. So when you think about future growth, you also got to think about they're clearly going to add devices, applications, additional services. So that's also why it was important for LA-RICS, although descoped, to get back started so that we can demonstrate the capabilities, and that will lead to some future growth of those kinds of items as we move forward. On Norway, clearly, the biggest burn-off, if you will, of the Norway revenue will happen in the second half, as we indicated earlier, then we'll see more of a reasonable trend. Obviously, that will put pressure on EA even for next year because we've had a strong first half in Norway this year. With that being said, though, just like this first quarter, we had growth in constant currency terms. So EA still continues to perform strong. We are eating out of backlog as we expected to be, but really because of Norway. We're still working on a number of large deals. Our funnel and customer activity is still pretty healthy. So I do see, as we go into 2016 and beyond, we will backfill behind Norway and begin to move back towards growth.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): That's very helpful. I appreciate that. Thanks
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Hudy.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Next question.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Please go ahead.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Hey. Thank you very much for taking my question. I'd actually like to talk a bit more about LTE because I get the feeling there has been a bit of confusion, especially in the last 24 hours, in the investment community about how LTE spending and the ramp-up of LTE could affect LMR spending on – in your client base. So I think it would be very useful to have your perspective on how LTE gets integrated with LMR, and if there is a risk of LTE, at some point, replacing LMR infrastructure, and if a ramp-up in spending in LTE could hurt spending in LMR. So your perspective on that point would be very, very helpful, I think.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So, Pierre, we – just to be clear, we absolutely view Public Safety LTE as additive, not substitutional to LMR, first and foremost. Our view is unchanged from that perspective. I mean, I can only tell you what customers are telling us and what they're doing, both domestically and internationally. And they continue to buy LMR. By the way, North America being a great example, referenced 4% in Q4, 6% in Q1. The Middle East is another good example. And in the three large projects of Public Safety LTE, they are all either have bought or are in the process of buying brand new LMR systems with multiyear services contract as well. So, look, I know there's a lot of noise about this, but at the end of the day, I feel very good about our position and investments in technology, and specifically, Pierre, mission critical voice and mission critical data communications. Customers are buying both LMR and Public Safety LTE. Backlog are at the highest levels I can remember. And remember, that includes multiyear services showing the staying power and longevity of our solutions and our platforms. So I know there's a lot of noise and misinformation, I just don't see it. I see LMR and our core platforms having a long installed life. And I see Public Safety LTE as being additive and eventually interoperable, so you have broadband data interoperable with narrow band voice. Many countries in Europe continue to buy country-wide TETRA systems. Some of those are also looking at LTE solutions. So I look at it as an overlay. And when you look at the work done in the standards community, and people use labels like mission critical, but there's mission critical voice and then there's mission critical voice for public safety. And you get into a whole host of different attributes in the first layer of the 3GPP standards, the second layer of the 3GPP standards, and then the actual network deployment components that are necessary for power generation and redundancy, and the device-device communications in case the site goes down. I think it's a space we know well, and I think we know both LMR and LTE well. We absolutely view them as additive, and we view them as contributing to a very solid growth story for us going forward.
Pierre C. Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thanks. That's very useful clarification. And I think it's a very important message to clarify, as you say, the noise we heard recently on that. Thanks for that.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Pierre.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, hi, guys. Thanks for the question, and good earnings. So I wanted to dig a little bit more into the Services line, well, I guess from a couple of angles, but it's really the same question, which is you guys are talking about the gross margin improving in the second half. I assume that, that's because the mix of installation services is reducing. But I just wanted to ask you guys if you could give us any indication what the proportion of maintenance services – or I'm sorry, of installation services in the current Services line is, so we can kind of think about how that gross margin might progress. And then the same thing from a different angle. I'm looking at your backlog, and the last two quarters, this big jump in Services backlog. I wonder, do you expect that backlog in Services to wind down in the second half? Or can you just talk about how that backlog is built up and how you expect it to move in the second half of the year? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure, Rod. This is Gino. We'll start with Services. So the – as we talked about in the last call, Services gross margin, we expect to be pressured in the first half, returning to normal growth rates in the second half. And it's really a mix within integration services, not to integration services, the projects that are deploying in the first half of the year. And the question on how much of our Services number is integration services, about 40%, 45%.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And, Gino, do you expect – what do you think that proportion will be in the second half?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I think the proportion will be very similar. It will be within that 40% to 45% range. Again, it's the mix within integration services, not to integration services.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then on the backlog for the Services backlog, what do you think that is going to look like as we move to the second half of the year?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We don't outlook backlog, but I will say that the backlog, Services backlog does include a large number of multi-year service agreements. So I would not expect that backlog to be peeling off in the second half of the year substantially.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Do you think – or should we expect the growth to continue or do you think it more or less kind of remains stable through the year?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I'm not going to comment on outlooking that backlog, but I will say there – you should not expect any major movement in the Services backlog down in the second half of the year.
Rod B. Hall - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And just, Rod, one other just question about overall backlog. From an aging standpoint, total backlog, now this is both Product and Services, it's slightly better than last year. It's about $50 million at this point better than last year for aged backlog for the remainder of 2015 all in.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Gino, a couple of quick guidance questions to dig into gross margin again. Last year, I think gross margin kind of ticked up sequentially each quarter pretty steadily. Is that the pattern you would expect from just a lower base in Q1, or is there kind of a specific quarter that there would be a bigger uplift? And then on operating cost, can you kind of repeat what the OpEx guidance is for the year? Is it $150 million to $175 million decline non-GAAP versus non-GAAP 2014, or I think there was a mention of a run rate number? I just want to make sure I was clear on what that OpEx guidance was.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Sure. So I'll start with the gross margin question, Tavis. Gross margin, it's really first half to second half, although we do expect to see a slight improvement in the second quarter over the first quarter. But it's largely a first half to second half improvement. With respect to operating expenses, the guidance is down $150 million to $175 million versus 2014 full year. The run rate comment was meant to articulate that we are currently at the run rate. Exiting Q1, we are on that run rate to deliver savings of $150 million to $175 million.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then kind of a bigger picture question for you, Greg, you made an acquisition or two in the quarter, some venture capital investments. And I guess give us a sense of how broad you would like the solution set over the next couple of years and how you get there from kind of primarily a radio business to something that might be kind of a fuller solution set selling into your core customers.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that from an acquisition standpoint, they – the general philosophy would be that they would be in line with the core business of what we do. Primarily, I think as you dimensionalized where we are today as a pure play, I think potentially things around the managed services area or the Smart Public Safety area might afford themselves to round out our portfolio, because we're building the end-to-end infrastructure and device solution. We have it on narrow band LMR. We also have it on a broadband Public Safety LTE. So things that would extend from a situational awareness standpoint to potentially the command and control room, and analytics that would allow the movement of content around software and services. So in general, from a macro standpoint, I'd say software and managed services would seem to be appealing to us. We feel very good about the core radio position and the enhancement of the technology portfolio on that side. But we'll continue to be very surgical in what we do.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And when we hear about a lot of demand for body cameras right now, is that something that you guys benefit from at all from a retail relationship, or is that generally a different purchase order from the purchase monitors?
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we do have a product around body cameras that we're in the market with today. I think that the whole push on situational awareness and the heightened awareness around video is a net positive beyond body cameras, by the way. I think there's other ways that we would be able to and could potentially capture video aside from just an auxiliary camera. But I think we believe the real value there is in the processing of video, the dissemination and aggregation of it, the analytics of it, the sharing of it. Because it's a ton of information that's going to be piling into these command centers, and with first responders at the site, how do you move it between the two? How do you extract it? How do you provide decision support? How do you do evidence tagging? So I think we're burning more cycles. We have hardware solutions and we'll continue to do that, but we think the real value of body worn video or this preponderance and importance of video is in the software movement and analytics of it.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks very much. I wanted to follow up on your comment on the North America improvement. Can you just expand a little bit on the visibility you have into that, in particular your aged backlog for this year as it pertains to that? And then I think you referenced the mix of devices versus the infrastructure in the quarter. Can you just comment on how that compares to what you've seen in recent quarters?
Mark Moon - Executive Vice President & President-Sales and Product Operations: So, Simona, this is Mark Moon. So when we think about North America, Greg talked about we were pleased with Q4 and Q1. By the way, coming out of that, our backlog position is better. A big piece of that backlog position improvement is in multi-year services, which is also good for future upgrades in what we do, but our Product backlog is also up, and the backlog aged in the year is actually stronger than it was at this point last year. So we're seeing the improvement that we thought we would see in North America. When you look at North America in general, overall, state and local spend and revenues are up. IT spend is up. Federal seems to be returning to a little bit more normal predictability for us. We were up slightly last year. As I talked to you about in the last call, while we were down slightly in first quarter, we still have got some good orders and we're building backlog, and we think we'll have modest growth for the full year. So we have good visibility, good activity throughout North America. I mean, we are encouraged by the activity we're seeing from customers in North America.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And on the mix of devices and infrastructure?
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think in Q1, the growth primarily was device-driven, which I think reflects our commentary around narrow banding as purchasing kind of returns to more normalized states.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then just lastly, for an update on the capital structure, do you see any additional capacity now to add debt from here?
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, from a capital structure standpoint, what I'd say is obviously, we've been very aggressive in returning capital. We've returned $3.1 billion over the last 11 months. Almost all of the proceeds from the Zebra transaction have been returned to shareholders. We did $2.1 billion just in the last two quarters. I like the fact that the share base has contracted 39% in just over three years. So I think we've been good stewards of capital, and we purchased $650 million back at $66-and-change. At today's levels, we absolutely see the stock is even more attractive today. So I think there'll be opportunities for us to pursue that moving forward. And we're in a net debt position, and we said we would move to that position. We're pleased that coming out of Q1, we're in it. So I think our balance sheet has a lot of flexibility that affords us options moving forward.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Silverstein with Cowen & Company. Please go head.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Fahad (38:19) in for Paul. I had a couple of questions. One, on your OpEx for the year, are there any benefits from the FX headwinds that you've indicated on your revenue line? Is the OpEx side being driven positively by the FX?
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: So we did – just to remind you, we did $200 million – over $200 million of expense reduction last year, and we're run rating to $150 million to $175 million this year. While we clearly have a benefit from FX, the overwhelming majority of those reductions are non-FX. I'd say 75% roughly are reductions, 25% is being the beneficiary of FX. We're getting after the cost, and with the opportunity as a pure play company, we're restructuring, reconfiguring, eliminating bureaucracies and redundancies, and duplications and footprint, and I'm really proud of the team and we'll continue to move forward on that.
Unknown Speaker: All right. And then secondly, regarding this St. Louis Police Department win, it seems you indicated Real-Time Intelligence solution that you sold, can you elaborate more on these next-gen growth driver businesses that you're involved in? How does that pipeline for those kind of projects look for you?
Bob Schassler - Executive Vice President-Solutions & Services: Yeah, this is Bob Schassler. We implemented our Real Time Crime Center in St. Louis, which, as we've talked about in the past, it's about a $5 billion SAM for us, and we've got probably about 12 new deals that we've actually signed in the first quarter. And the reception by customers really continues to be positive. As Greg talked a little bit about, the video analytics, body worn cameras is really part of that overall solution.
Unknown Speaker: So in terms of, like, sales from video analytics, and if I'm not mistaken, you also provide some storage solutions as well? Or is that...
Bob Schassler - Executive Vice President-Solutions & Services: That's right. It's really our overall Smart Public Safety solutions, so storage, video analytics, our PublicEngines acquisition is part of that, data analytics as well.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's fair to say, obviously, that's relatively small today. What's important, though, is customers, many would like to do business with one provider. So while there's a variety of different products, to the extent we, if we have the land mobile radio system and we can extend the relationship, the sales resources, the technical people into the command center, and do in hardware and/or software and potentially storage, it's a logical extension of what we do that I think generally will help our growth profile.
Bob Schassler - Executive Vice President-Solutions & Services: The only other comment I'd have is that these are really software-based solutions recurring revenue models, so they go on for five years to ten years, and it's really part of our overall Public Safety LTE solution combined with our Smart Public Safety Solutions, as we've said, are very complementary to one another.
Unknown Speaker: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Dominic Ruccella - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my call. This is Dominic sitting in for Keith. Noticing on the – given Q2 guidance and what was reported in Q1, did you guys see any business shifts from the second quarter, happen to come in a little earlier for you guys and impact your first quarter?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah, the...
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. First half is unchanged to our prior expectations. Q1 performed a little bit better, but the first half remains unchanged.
Dominic Ruccella - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. All right. And then are you guys seeing any impact on demand from FX coming from internationally?
Mark Moon - Executive Vice President & President-Sales and Product Operations: This is Mark, Dominic. We really are not. I mean, so far as we look at the piece, we've made some slight price adjustments in certain places. But in general, we're not seeing any competitive disadvantages. Certainly, the economic pressures in Latin America are putting tension on price power for them to purchase. But as far as competitive pressures on pricing, we're not really seeing any.
Dominic Ruccella - Northcoast Research Partners LLC: Okay. All right. That's it for me. Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Dominic.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Michael Genovese with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Yeah, thank you very much. You guys recently published an SEC document where you had some language in there about a long-term potential shift from Products to Services, and therefore, lower gross margins over time. So we saw some evidence of that in this quarter, but you're not talking about it on the call as a long-term trend. So how much should we be thinking about that as a long-term trend versus just adding another risk factor and covering your bases in an SEC document?
Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Well, I mean, we – it's indicative of the backlog position we're in. We've signed multiple multi-year agreements and Services backlog has been growing, so the comment just indicated that there will be a movement to Services. It'll make up more of our revenue, and the Services margin, although operating margin is very, very similar, Services margin is a little bit lower than our Product margin. That was the entire comment.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, at the end of the day, we think this is a good thing. It's a favorable trend. Having a higher mix of multi-year services is good. Having annuity based revenue is good. Having a long-term relationship with the customer is good because we still, irrespective of the mix, which I think is what we just are formally acknowledging over time as a future trend, we think that's a very positive thing to enable and further cement the relationships we have with our customers domestically and internationally. Having said all that, we still think that we can, with a lower cost structure, improve operating leverage, and from an operating margin standpoint, maintain or increase the operating margins and cash generation that's associated with the profile of the business in aggregate.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: So just to follow up there, so you're not saying that there's a fundamental outlook change in the Product business, the expectations there are on track with your previous expectations, or is there a change in the Product outlook? I'm just a little bit unclear on that point.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No. Just to clarify, as Gino said, Product margins are generally comparable. We expect them to remain comparable for the balance of the year. Gross margin pressures, Services-oriented, as expected, in Q1 and Q2, i.e., first half, i.e., largely driven by Norway and some large products. We expect the Services gross margin to increase in the second half and generally normalize in the mid 30s%.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Thanks very much.
Mark Moon - Executive Vice President & President-Sales and Product Operations: And then I think just to tag on just one quick second, what we have said, and Greg just said, is product profile really unchanged, but we expect our Services business to grow faster than our Product business in general. And so that would lead to this longer term trend. It's not necessarily something you're going to see in the next two quarters, three quarters or four quarters, but over time, that would be the case.
Michael E. Genovese - MKM Partners LLC: Okay. I appreciate the explanation. Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: It appears we have no further questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thanks. As mentioned at the outset, we made a number of forward-looking statements during the call. This includes outlooks on sales, gross margins, EPS, OpEx, EBITDA, other income expense and operating cash flow, as well as effective – and cash tax rates, the impact of currency, Public Safety LTE and LMR, regional growth, acquisitions, capital return and buybacks, as well as backlog. Thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately three hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gino A. Bonanotte - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations Bob Schassler - Executive Vice President of Solutions and Services.
Analysts: Kulbinder Garcha - Credit Suisse Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Tavis McCourt - Raymond James Pierre Ferragu - Bernstein Research Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be made available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time all participants have been placed on a listen only mode and the line will be open for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, and good morning. I'd like to welcome you to our conference call to discuss financial and operating results for the fiscal 2014 fourth quarter and full year. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President of Sales and Product Operations; and Bob Schassler, Executive Vice President of Solutions and Services. Greg and Gino will review our results, along with commentary, and Mark and Bob will join for the Q&A portion of the call. We have posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference, which we encourage you to review. I would also like to remind you that we'll be hosting our financial Analyst Day on February 17, at our headquarters in Schaumburg. Please feel free to contact Investor Relations if you have questions regarding the event. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation and during Q&A. These statements are based on the current expectations and assumptions that are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from these forward-looking statements, information about factors that could cause such differences can be found in this morning’s earnings press release. And the comments made during this conference call and the risk factor section of our 2013 annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q ended March 29th, 2014, as well as other MSR reports and filings with the SEC. We do not undertake any duty to update any forward-looking statement. I'd like to now turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Our Q4 was a solid quarter for Motorola Solutions and we continue to see signs of recovery in large parts of our business. As I think about the quarter and beyond there are a few thoughts I'd like to share. First, we continue to see improvement in our North America business. Q4 marked a return to growth and we're encouraged by indicators such as orders, backlog and device sales as we move into 2015. Second, just last week we secured a contract valued at over $200 million with a country in the Middle East for a nationwide smart communications network, utilizing our public safety LTE solution. This now gives us the three largest public safety LTE awards to date, with the LA-RICS contract implementation underway and $100 million deal in another Middle East country that begins deployment this year. It’s encouraging to see investments made over the past several years, starting to drive associated revenue. And third, our efforts around simplification and rationalizing our cost structure remain on course. We closed the year with more than $200 million in OpEx savings versus full year of 2013 and ended the year with a run rate that should position us well to achieve approximately $150 million of further reductions this year. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q4 results and our outlook.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. And good morning, everyone. Q4, 2014 revenue was $1.8 billion, a slight increase over Q4, 2013 and a reflection of robust order activity and faster than expected conversion of certain orders. These results come despite $27 million of currency headwinds in the quarter. GAAP operating earnings were a loss $1 billion, which included a one time charge of $1.9 billion due to our pension de-risking transaction. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $483 million or 26.5% of sales, up from the year ago quarter of 21.8%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was a loss of $4.02 compared to a gain of $1.12 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP EPS was $1.25 compared to a $1.37 in the year ago quarter, which included a $0.42 benefit from the formation of our international holding company in 2013. For the remainder of this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results, including those in our outlook unless otherwise noted. Turning to segment results. In products, Q4 sales were a record $1.25 billion, up 3% versus the prior year’s quarter. Growth was driven by strong demand in North America for a P25 and PCR device product lines, while TETRA devices grew robustly on a global basis. Q4 product segment operating income was $394 million or 32% of sales, up from $283 million or 23% of sales in Q4 of 2013. Significant operating leverage provided by our cost reduction actions drove higher operating income. Moving to product backlog. Product segment backlog is $1.2 billion, which has increased for three consecutive quarters. Product backlog is up $53 million versus last year and up $16 million sequentially despite strong revenues in Q4. The year-over-year increase in backlog is driven by North America and APME. For the full year, operating income was $754 million or 19.8% of sales, which is up from last year due to cost reductions realized in 2014. Turning to services. Q4 services revenue was $577 million, excluding iDEN, services revenue declined 2%, while declining 5% overall. Q4 integration services – revenue was down as expected versus Q4, 2013s record quarter which accompanied strong systems revenue in 2013. Q4 Lifecycle support services grew modestly overall and strong demand for our software maintenance contracts and steady demand for our hardware upgrades. Managed services grew across all regions as increasing complexity and the need for enhanced capabilities to support software-centric IT base networks continues to drive demand. Services operating income was $89 million, down $24 million to 15.4% of revenue driven primarily by lower iDEN sales and lower gross margin associated with systems integration mix. Gross margin in lifecycle management, managed services and smart public safety was relatively flat. While we will continue to see project mix related pressure in the first half of 2015, we expect gross margins to return to the mid 30% range going forward for our overall services business. Total company operating expenses from continuing operations were $431 million, down $86 million or 17% from the year ago quarter, driven by continued cost reduction activities. G&A and R&D posted the largest year-over-year declines and we expect significant savings across all major categories again for 2015. Q4 other income and expense was a net expense of $39 million compared to $19 million in the year ago quarter. The difference was primarily driven by ongoing higher interest expense in Q4 of 2014 and gains on investment sales in the prior year quarter. In Q1, we expect OIE of $45 million versus $19 million in Q1 of 2014 driven primarily by higher interest expense. Other income and expense is expected to be approximately $180 million for 2015. With respect to taxes, our Q4 effective tax rate was 35%. Our Q1 and full year 2015 effective tax rate are expected to be approximately 33%. More importantly, we expect our cash tax rate to be approximately 15% for 2015 and continuing through 2019. Turning to cash flow. Q4 cash flow from operations was a net use of $700 million which includes $850 million in funding related to the US pension de-risking actions, coupled with funding our UK plan. For the year, operating cash flow from continuing operations was a net use of $685 million driven by pension contributions of $1.3 billion. We ended 2014 with $4 billion in total cash and $3.4 billion in debt. In Q4, we repurchased $1.4 billion of stock. For the full year, we repurchased $2.5 billion in stock. We have reduced our net share count by 36% since the programs inception in Q3 of 2011. In addition, we paid $82 million in dividends during the quarter and $380 million [ph] for the year. Turning to our outlook. We expect 2015 sales to be flat to down 2%. In constant currency terms, this translates to growth of 1% to 3% versus the prior year. For the year, we expect growth in North America, growth in Latin America, excluding iDEN, growth in the Middle East, we expect to be flat in Asia Pacific, inclusive of currency headwinds, contraction in Europe and Africa due to currency headwinds and the Norway implementation completion, and a decline in iDEN of between $25 million and $50 million. We also expect OpEx to be approximately – to be down approximately $150 million year-over-year. Significant improvement in profitability, with EBITDA in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.36 billion, EPS of $3.15 to $3.35, and operating cash flow of approximately $1 billion for the full year. In Q1, we expect sales to decline 2% to 4%, reflecting better than anticipated order conversion in Q4, along with approximately $40 million in currency headwind. In constant currency terms, we expect revenue to be down 1% to up 1%. This outlook assumes North America growth for the quarter and a contraction in Europe and Asia driven primarily by currency headwinds. We expect Q1 EPS of $0.22 to $0.27. I'll now turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks. I'll now provide some additional color on our Q4 results and outlook. I am generally pleased with our Q4 results and more specifically the improving trends we're seeing in North America. Q4 revenue was up slightly and marked the quarterly record for the company. Despite stronger than anticipated end of the year order conversion, and currency headwinds, our backlog position still continue to grow and we ended Q4 with a higher total backlog, higher product backlog, and higher backlog schedule to ship in 2015. From a regional perspective, our North America business was up 4% in Q4, North America backlog is up $50 million in products and $586 million in services versus last year which is a positive sign for this region. The Europe & Africa region declined 5% in Q4, which marked the first decline in nine quarters, currency headwinds was the key contributor to this decline and is expected to weigh on our full year results in the region. However, I believe we have and will continue to execute well relative to the market in this region and are well positioned for long-term growth as these factors dissipate. Turning to the Asia Pac Middle East region, we saw an 8% sales decline in Q4. This decline was driven by Asia Pac. However, sales are starting to stabilize in this region and backlog is up sequentially as we're seeing some improvements in the customer pipeline. Our Middle East business continues to grow and build momentum in both product and services backlog. By the way these backlog numbers will continue to improve with the addition of the $200 million countrywide public safety LTE contract I referenced earlier. And finally, our Latin America business in Q4 increased 3%, excluding iDEN and 1% overall. Backlog in Latin America is up modestly year-over-year and up significantly from a sequential view driven by services. To wind down of iDEN will continue to negatively impact this region disproportionately in 2015. Turing to the segment highlights. First in products, we secured several strategic product awards in Q4, that include $148 million with the State of Michigan to upgrade their statewide ASTRO network, including over $30 million in services, $20 million with the state local customer in the Northeast, to upgrade to a fully P25 compatible solution with improved coverage and improved inner operability, $12 million with Eastman Chemical to enable their multi-state operations. Moving to services. I am encouraged by Q4 revenue growth in lifecycle support and managed services. I think marketplace trends, such as the prevalence of video and social media used in policing [continue to validate our investments scenarios, such as real-time crime centers, video and data analytics and CAD integration. Services backlog is up significantly on new multi year deals despite currency headwinds. Q4 brought several notable services wins, including a $64 million extension with Prince George's County to provide full turn-key services and maintaining their mission-critical systems and smart public safety systems, while keeping their networks up to date with various lifecycle products. A two year $36 million managed services extension of the Victorian Mobile Data Network in Australia, $31 million with the Las Vegas Metro PD for long-term software and hardware maintenance of radio and CAD systems, as well as technical support in lifecycle services. And $50 million with Mininco in Latin America for a multi-year managed services contract to include administration and monitoring of their network, as well as the maintenance on their devices and a helpdesk for end users. So, let me close by saying, this was a challenging, but transformational year for our company. We divested our enterprise business for just under $3.5 billion, significantly improved our risk profile and cash flow through pension de-risking actions, achieved more than $200 million in OpEx savings, including over $70 million in R&D reductions, while simultaneously shifting more investment towards new growth areas. We restructured the company to increase our focuses on services as a line of business and reaffirmed our commitment to capital return and a more efficient capita structure with $5 billion of additional repurchase authorization and $2.9 billion of stock buyback and dividends returned in 2014. As a result of these actions, we're in a better position. We're in a better position to grow, drive significant operating leverage, deliver strong cash flow and drive shareholder value for years to come. I'll now turn it over to Shep.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and a follow up, so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line on how to ask a question.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] We can take our first question from Kulbinder Garcha with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kulbinder Garcha: Hi, guys. Yes, thanks for the question. I just wanted to clarify one thing about the revenue trends. And – so constant currency, just taking currency out of it, in Q4 you saw slight re-acceleration, but you're decelerating again in Q1 slightly. I know it's very slight, but I was under the impression that just given the order backlog, easy comps, and visibility in government, LTE, all these things were going kind of cause revenues to gradually reaccelerate as you went through the year, but you're starting the year off a little bit slow. That's kind of one question on revenues. And on the first quarter earnings guidance, am I right that you're saying that the ops margin of the business is going to more than halve sequentially? That's a bit worse than the normal seasonal trend. I know obviously you have to look at what government used to do, but it seems a lot worse. Is there something on the cost side or mix side that is going to be significant in the first quarter or first half, that isn't there for the back half? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Hello, Kulbinder. This is Gino. I'll – we'll start with Q1, I think it’s instructive to note in Q1 that $40 million, we have $40 million of pressure from FX headwind in Q1. That’s 3% – 3 points of growth. As well as, iDEN being down $12 million, which represents another point of growth. In addition to about $40 million or 3 points of growth from better conversion of Q4 orders, more revenue in Q4. So that’s really what's impacting Q1. From a margin perspective in Q1, I think that was the second part of the question, earnings, we did as you referenced, we expect to continue to see some pressure in installation, in our installation services margin based on project mix and the projects that were expected to deploy continuing from Q4 into Q1. But we do expect that to stabilize and return to normal gross margin rates of 35%, all approximately 35%. Also, incremental interest in OIE as well was driving a little bit of the EPS.
Kulbinder Garcha: So Gino, to understand that point, this project mix, can you elaborate a little bit, because it's causing quite a seasonality, if I get your comments right, in the margin trends. So what exactly is it? And it goes away quite quickly, it sounds like. I'm just trying to understand what exactly is going on.
Gino A. Bonanotte: It does, it references some projects that we're currently deploying. As an example, the Nodnett project and we're deploying the northern part of Norway right now and the cost to deploy that is more challenging than the normal deployments. So it’s really a reflection of the mix of projects we've had in Q1, Q4 and Q1 as those projects roll off the margin stabilizes.
Kulbinder Garcha: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ashwin on behalf of Rod. Greg, I was hoping you could comment on recent FCC spectrum auctions and if there is any change in your thinking on the pace of US Public Safety LTE roll-outs. Also if you could give us some sense of how much US Public Safety LTE is included in your 2015 revenue guidance. And is there any chance you can give us a growth rate excluding that for 2015?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. Just a few things. So, we had talked about Public Safety LTE being about double in 2015 versus our run rate in 2014. We still believe that that’s the case and feel even better about that amount with the securing of the third contract I talked about in the Middle East. So we remain pretty resolute and expect that that will occur. But little bit north of a $100 million in 2015. I think the auction spectrum developments recently are a positive, specifically as it relates to FirstNet, the $44 billion of proceeds by the federal government allows the fully funding of the $7 billion that’s contemplated in the Middle Class Jobs Relief Act. So, at the end of the day here in the US, the two most important things to facilitate and enable Public Safety LTE to be rolled out are dedicated spectrum and funding. The spectrum has been dedicated as you know at the 700 megahertz slice that remains dedicated to public safety. And the $7 billion is now fully funded with a very successful close of the AWS auction. The only other thing I'd comment is our focus is on continued engagement globally on Public Safety LTE and there is still a pipeline of opportunities we'll pursue. But I think this year is quite important for us to implement the deals that we have, to implement LA-RICS, to start the implementation on the deal we just secured last week, and to implement in the second half of this year the other Middle Eastern country that we referred to with our $100 million deal. And as we continue to compete and win on these deals, we see no chilling or impact on LMR and continue to see LMR purchases and Public Safety LTE to be additive to those purchases. So, I think the auctions are positive.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And we can take our next question from Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ehud A. Gelblum: Hey, good morning, guys. Appreciate it. A couple clarifications. Can you give us a sense as to what the headwind from Norway looks like as you go into 2015? And then the product backlog looks strong, it keeps going up. One of the things I wonder, you said, Greg, that the product backlog with respect to what falls in 2015 was strong as well. Can you give us a sense to what the duration of that backlog did from the end of 2014 to the end – I am sorry from the end of 2013 to the end of 2014, with respect to if you were to say kind of the average of the backlog time wise. Did it stay relatively constant or are we putting more longer-term contracts into the backlog? Just to get a sense of how immediate that backlog is. And then lastly, Gino, on the guidance, can you give us a sense as to where you think the gross and operating margins kind of settle out. We can back in to it a little bit from the EPS, but it's a wide range of EPS guidance for 2015. I just want to make sure we're kind of on the right page as to the way that the operating margin settles out. And what share count you were using to given all the buybacks that are going to happen, to get us in to that rate range of $3.15 to $3.35? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Sure. Ehud, this is Gino. I'll start with respect to the Norway project, we're completing the implementation this year, later on this year and year-over-year 2015 versus 2014 there is less implementation revenue, approximately $50 million of less revenue from an implementation perspective. As we talked about the gross margins, the system, I'll remind you that the system is primarily deployment of the infrastructure. The initial part of the project with the opportunity for incremental handsets and multi-year services beyond implementation.  The phase that we're talking about is the implementation phase of the project. With respect to margins, we expect gross margin profile to be consistent with last year overall and gross margins in product and services to be consistent.
Ehud A. Gelblum: And backlog?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. The comment on backlog product, backlog as we mentioned product backlog is up. The duration of product backlog hasn’t really changed significantly. In services backlog, as we incrementally add multi-year service deals, the duration of the services backlog does extend further than our traditional services backlog, which didn’t include that magnitude of multi-year, in some cases, 15, 20 year service deals.
Gregory Q. Brown: Just a quick add on backlog thought, I think part of your question Ehud was, aging, as we talked about last year in Q1, for this year $125 million additional aged in to the year of our backlog.
Ehud A. Gelblum: Okay. That’s helpful…
Gino A. Bonanotte: And in constant currency terms that’s reflected in the 1% to 3% growth.
Ehud A. Gelblum: Correct. On the OpEx, you mentioned that OpEx would be down $150 million, I believe, next year. That gets us to around 165, if I'm doing the math, a little lower than before. Are there more actions that you're – is that a new program that's being implemented or is my math wrong or is it – or does FX help you a little bit on the OpEx side as well?
Gino A. Bonanotte: I think Ehud as we continue to march forward and we go through this organization in a very systemic way, under what we call a program run by Michael Lannis. We continue to find opportunities to streamline and cost save. We had $208 million of savings last year. We raised it to your point to approximately another $150 million, which by the way the majority of that from a run rate standpoint is already behind us, given actions taken last year. I don’t think that’s a limit or a floor, but from a planning standpoint, we think that’s the most useful amount to use at this point in time. But we will continue to simplify the organization, rationalize costs and as a pure play, we think those opportunities are extended to us.
Ehud A. Gelblum: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Simona Jankowski: Hi, thanks very much. Wanted to just clarify on your backlog comment. Is your shippable backlog for 2015 up, and if you can just quantify, by how much? And then I just had a question on your federal exposure in the quarter. I know that was something you had expected to come back. If you can just give us some comments on how big that was, and how you see that going forward.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Simona, this is Gino. I'll start with the backlog question. Age backlog in 2015 is up and it’s up $125 million. With respect…
Simona Jankowski: Okay. And that’s across products and services together?
Gino A. Bonanotte: That’s correct.
Simona Jankowski: Okay. Great.
Mark F. Moon: So this is Mark. With respect to our federal government sales, as we talked about last year, we expected the federal government business to stabilize. We did actually realize slight growth in 2014. So it did perform as expected. We still see that business continuing as we expect. We're kind of expecting flat to modest growth this year and we think it will relatively follow the way it normally has with first quarter and then ramping towards the federal close. First quarter being a little bit slower, but really no big changes, that business now unlike what happened at the end of 2013 where we saw a real drastic reduction. It has stabilized for us as we go forward.
Simona Jankowski: And Mark, is that business about 10% of the total and with it being up a little last year and expected to be up a little this year. It feels like it's still kind of run rating maybe 20% or 30% below where it used to be kind of back in 2012 before all of these sequester actions and so forth came in to place. So would you expect that to come back to those levels at some point? Or is this a permanent decline?
Mark F. Moon: So, the size of the business is roughly 7% to 8% of our total. It was slightly over $450 million last year. You are correct, that it declined as we talked about when we had that $150 million reduction 25% to 30%. We're trying to not estimate a big ramp to grow back. We're trying to take a view that it will grow back slowly. I don’t know that it’s permanently lost, but I don’t expect that increase to be as drastic as the fall off that happened at the end of 2013.
Simona Jankowski: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Tavis McCourt: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. First, on the gross margin guide, Gino, you indicated flattish year-over-year. I imagine foreign currency, although a modest headwind on the top line, has got to be a pretty material headwind on gross margin. So I'm guessing –I'm just asking, what is the offset there that allows you to feel comfortable in kind of a flattish year-over-year despite the FX headwind? And then Gino, I think Airbus's DS Communications business has been up for sale for a little while. Is there any strategic impact depending on who buys that? Any update on – do you have a preferable buyer, is there any update on kind of timing of that or is that something that you think just won't affect you either way? Thanks.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thanks, Tavis. On gross margin the headwind from a product cost perspective is not as significant as I think you're modeling. Certainly we do have headwind. We also have some tailwind based on where we manufacture and where some of our – from a BGM perspective, where some of the work is done, as well as from a manufacturing perspective.
Mark F. Moon: And as it relates to, Tavis, as it relates to Airbus, I think their announcement to exit the business clearly is been positive for us. I think it provides disruption and dislocation to a number of customer installations that rely on them. They have some interesting assets. We'll see how that plays out. But in the meantime, we are competing pretty vigorously on some key opportunities where we are not the incumbent. And we view that as an opportunity for us to pursue in 2015 and 2016. It’s a good development for us.
Tavis McCourt: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein Research. Please go ahead.
Pierre Ferragu: Thank you, good morning. Just a quick question on international. So, if I understand one of your comments in Asia, excluding currency, you viewed as actually been growing in South America. This institution looks very stable and that's in Europe and Africa that most of your decline is. So my first question is Europe and Africa, excluding Norway, excluding currency, how do you feel the year like 2015 looks like? And then my second question would be what's the longer term outlook for international? Is it the place where you would expect still very solid growth drivers, and would you expect international to actually grow faster than group average beyond this currency headwind, beyond like the – thus compare that Norway created for this year? Thanks.
Mark F. Moon: So Pierre, this Mark. As I think about international, I'll kind of give you a little color around the world, I'll start with the EA as you said. If you think of EA minus Norway and minus the currency headwinds as you said, the demand is still very positive in Norway. Our growth across the business has been good, again, excluding the currency headwinds which you asked me to do. The pipeline is also good, which was referenced in the comment of Greg saying, he think as these factors dissipate you'll see Europe and Africa return to growth. We also see Africa is a good growth area for us in the future. Latin America as you mentioned has been growing minus iDEN. We expect that trend to continue. iDEN will take down the overall numbers. But the core business in Latin America continues to grow. Middle East is actually coming off of really strong growth. And we made some organizational changes to even put greater focus on the Middle East. We've announced the large Public Safety LTE deal today, but we also good growth in that region. And then when we turn to Asia, as we talked about for a while, we've been disappointed with our recovery in Asia. But with that being said, we have built backlog. We actually have recognized some large deals, one of which was mentioned about Australia. We've got a good short term pipeline in addition to our backlog. So we see the Asia region stabilizing and being relatively flat inclusive of currencies and it would be growth without the currency headwinds. So all in all, to summarize and to answer your final question, we do see international. It’s a growth area. The region again, minus the large project and minus currency headwinds, we would expect to grow at a faster rate than North America.
Pierre Ferragu: That's great. Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead.
Keith Housum: Good morning, guys, thanks for taking my question. If we assume that FX rates today are roughly where they are today, does that change the competitive dynamics of where you guys do business around the world? I mean, doesn't it give Airbus or some of the Chinese competitors an advantage over you guys, based on how you guys go to market?
Gino A. Bonanotte: No, I don’t think so, and especially with Airbus too given the disruption on what they are doing. But generally Keith, I would say broad base no.
Keith Housum: Okay. And then you guys talked obviously on top line about the impact that FX is going to have. But as it rolls down to the bottom line, is for both the fourth quarter and as you look out into the guidance, what impact is FX having on your EPS numbers?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Well, it clearly has a commensurate flow-through benefit on the cost structure as well. I think that is in part, incorporated into the revised $150 million of cost target that we are now committing to incremental in 2015. That said, what I would say is despite fluctuation of foreign exchange rates, because I am pretty confident that they will bounce around, regardless to that, we are still pursuing approximately $150 million, despite currency fluctuation.
Keith Housum: But would it be safe to say that $0.05 or $0.10 would be higher if FX was not, I guess, as drastically changed over the past few months?
Mark F. Moon: I think it would be fair, more, closer to $0.05 than to $0.10.
Keith Housum: Got you. And then for the fourth quarter?
Mark F. Moon: For the fourth quarter really in EPS terms one or perhaps one or two.
Keith Housum: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our last question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Bollin: Good morning, thanks for taking the call. First question, when you look at the OpEx reductions that you've been identifying, you've upped the high end of the target now another $50 million. Greg, how much more opportunity would you expect. Is there any risk that you cut too deep? And the second part question, a little different. Looking at LTE in North America, Greg, you identified funding and spectrum as being the key hurdles. When you think about a kind of a third hurdle being the political aspect, getting everyone on the same page and building consortium and understanding, where do you think we are in that process? Thanks.
Gregory Q. Brown: On the cost side, as I said, we've gotten, I think the team has responded really well in simplifying and reengineering business processes and getting unnecessary cost out. Largely as a result to the – being a pure play from a portfolio standpoint, and we're going to continue to do that. I don’t think there is a limit or a ceiling, my team knows that too. So, we're pleased, and by the way, when you think about and dimensionalize the $350 million of cost reduction coming off 2013, that more than replaces the earnings that the enterprise business was contributing that we just monetized to Zebra. So we like that fact and this business is set up well from an operating leverage standpoint when the top line returns. On LTE, in the United States, I think funding in spectrum are enablers, I don’t think they are hurdles, I mean, because they've been achieved. The spectrum is been dedicated in the funding has now been fully populated at $7 billion. On the political front, you're right, it’s the continual battle between federal and state, local control, what kind of architecture and the number regions. The only thing I would say Ben is we work more closely with FirstNet than we've ever done before and we're committed to their success and working with them, in particular, at NTIA to make sure LA-RICS gets rolled out appropriately. So the political side of that will continue to unfold in 2015 and 2016 and our government affairs team and the business development people of sales organizations are working hand and glove with them. So we are coordinated and achieving the opportunities and the expectations that people have with that network.
Benjamin Bollin: Thank you.
Gregory Q. Brown: You bet.
Operator: And as we have no further questions. I'll turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. As mentioned at the outset, we made a number of forward-looking statements during the call, including outlook related to OpEx, gross margins, other income expense, sales, EBITDA, EPS, operating cash flow, as well as effective and cash tax rates, currency impact, growth and contraction by region, iDEN revenue declined and backlog, as well as the growth of Public Safety LTE. Thanks and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Robert C. Schassler - Executive Vice President of Solutions and Services Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Canada Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, and good morning. I would like to welcome you to our call to discuss financial and operating results for the fiscal 2014 third quarter. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President of Sales and Product Operations; and Bob Schassler, Executive Vice President of Solutions and Services. Greg and Gino will review our results, along with commentary, and Mark and Bob will join for the Q&A portion. We have posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference, and we encourage you to review those. I also want to remind everyone that as a result of the divestiture of our Enterprise business, which was announced on April 15, 2014, and closed on October 27, 2014, the Enterprise business, other than iDEN, is reflected as discontinued operations for both the current quarter and prior periods. All financials cited will reflect the company's remaining business with its reporting segments of Products and Services. In addition to the financial results summarized in the press release and in this call, you can find additional information, including full year information, in our Form 10-Q, which will be filed later today. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of the company, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And now I'd like to turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep, and good morning, and thanks for joining us today. We're encouraged by third quarter revenues and earnings, and our business continues to show signs of improvement. As I think about the quarter and beyond, there are a few thoughts I would like to share. First, Q3 sales were better than expected as a result of strength in the Europe & Africa region, improvement in North America and faster conversion of a number of orders that were initially projected for Q4. The environment in North America is beginning to improve as we delivered better-than-expected system sales, saw more normalized Federal demand and drove an increase in backlog. Customer engagements and order pipeline activity remain healthy and consistent with our earlier views for a strong second half of the year. Second, we continue to more aggressively take costs out of the business and remain fully on track to achieve our target of approximately $300 million plus in savings by the end of 2015. We've reduced operating expenses by nearly $120 million through the first 3 quarters of this year compared to the same period in 2013. And we now expect slightly more than $200 million in savings for the full year this year of 2014. Our teams are taking action to reduce complexity and redundancy, which will ultimately improve operating leverage. Third, I'm thrilled with the successful close of our Enterprise transaction, which was done at an attractive valuation and puts us on the path of a singularly focused business in the attractive space of mission-critical communications and public safety. Finally, we remain acutely focused on growing this business and optimizing our capital structure. As a result of our strong balance sheet and cash-generating capabilities, today we announced the addition of $5 billion to our share repurchase authorization, raising the total amount to $12 billion. We believe this is an important action that underscores our confidence in the fundamentals of our business and our ability to grow EBITDA and free cash flow over the long term and demonstrates our ongoing commitment to creating value for our shareholders through thoughtful and disciplined capital return. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q3 results and our outlook and then we'll return to provide additional thoughts and color on the quarter.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Q3 2014 revenue was $1.4 billion, a decrease of 5% from last year. GAAP operating earnings were $207 million or 14% of sales. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $259 million or 18% of sales. Operating cash flow was a use of $115 million, driven by $397 million of U.S. pension contributions during the quarter related to our pension de-risking actions announced in September. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.27 compared to $0.98 per share in the third quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.62 per share compared to $1.08 in the year-ago quarter, which included a $0.35 benefit from the formation of our international holding company in 2013. Accelerated cost reductions and higher sales both drove favorable EPS relative to our outlook. For the remainder of this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results, unless otherwise noted. Q3 Products sales were $921 million, down 8% versus the prior year, driven primarily by lower device sales. Despite this decline, our North America business again improved sequentially. In addition, our PCR business grew in North America and Europe & Africa, as Europe & Africa posted another strong quarter. Systems revenue was down slightly versus the year-ago quarter, although revenue was up both in North America and Europe & Africa. Finally, product backlog was up sequentially, led by North America. And coupled with a healthy pipeline, we believe the North American market is beginning to recover. Products segment operating income was $175 million or 19% of sales, down from $204 million or 20% of sales in Q3 2013. The decline in operating income was a function of lower sales, offset by cost reductions. Turning to Services. When normalizing for iDEN, Services grew at 2% for the quarter. Services sales in Q3 were $515 million, a decrease of less than 1% from the prior year. Systems integration and lifecycle services were flat, while Managed Services was up double digits, and Smart Public Safety grew single digits versus the prior year quarter. Integration services was up slightly on large projects, such as TETRA deals in Europe and the North America LA-RICS LTE deployment. Lifecycle support services held steady, with significant contributions from system maintenance contracts and software upgrade agreements. Managed Services was up double digits, with strong growth across all region, while our Smart Public Safety business is being driven by more command and control revenue from early market traction. We are pleased with the performance and competitive position of these new services and look for continued growth. Operating income in the Services segment was $84 million, down approximately $8 million to 16.3% of revenue, driven primarily by lower iDEN sales. Services gross margin was in the mid-30s, generally consistent with past performance and up from Q2. Total company operating expenses from continuing operations were $434 million, down $43 million or 9% from the year-ago quarter, driven by continued cost-reduction activities. We now expect 2014 OpEx to be down more than $200 million versus the prior year. Our year-to-date operating expenses are down $120 million, the key drivers of which include staff reductions, lower 2014 incentives and organizational efficiencies across all aspects of our business. Approximately 1/3 of the savings has been in R&D, with the balance of savings in SG&A. Examples of actions we have driven include consolidation of testing processes and lab sites, leveraging development teams and support cost and eliminating staff or moving work to lower-cost location. In selling and marketing, we have simplified the organizational structure and reduced sales support cost by lowering our overall nonquota-carrying employee base. In G&A, we've simplified our management structure across spans and layers while increasing the use of centralized services. And while we're relatively pleased with our progress on cost, there is more work to do. Shifting to other income and expense. This line item was a net expense of $29 million compared to a net gain of $5 million in the year-ago quarter. We expect this line item to be approximately $45 million per quarter, primarily driven by interest expense. With respect to taxes, our Q3 effective rate was 33%, and we expect our Q4 effective tax rate to be the same. We still expect our cash tax rate to be in the range of 10% to 15% for full year 2014 and a cash tax rate of approximately 15% through 2019. Turning to cash flow. Cash flow from operating activities in the third quarter was a net usage of $115 million, which includes a $397 million contribution related to the U.S. pension transaction announced in September. For the year, we expect operating cash flow from continuing operations to be a net use of approximately $250 million. This includes the incremental funding of our U.S. plan, of which $650 million remains to be funded in Q4. Excluding these discretionary pension contributions related to the pension de-risking transaction, the annual operating cash flow would be approximately $550 million, as previously guided. Let me also remind you that our actions taken on pension de-risking will require no U.S. cash contributions for the next 5 to 6 years. Let me also reiterate our conviction to retain our investment-grade rating as we move forward with returning the proceeds in a timely manner. We ended Q3 with $2.8 billion in total cash and $3.4 billion in debt. In Q3, we repurchased $650 million of stock or approximately 10.4 million shares at an average price of $62.63 per share. Since the program's inception in the third quarter of 2011, we've reduced our net share count by 30% at an average price of $52.08 a share. In addition, we paid $78 million in dividends during the quarter. In discontinued operations, Q3 revenues for Enterprise grew 2% year-over-year to $605 million in the quarter. We saw solid growth in both North America and Europe throughout most of the portfolio. Now turning to our outlook. We expect Q4 sales to decline by 1% to 3%. This outlook is consistent with our prior full year view of a low to mid-single-digit sales decline, excluding iDEN. We expect non-GAAP operating earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $1.13 and $1.19 per share in Q4. As a reminder, Q4 2013 included a $0.42 benefit from the formation of our international holding company. I'll now turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. Now I would like to provide some additional color on our outlook and the Q3 results. From a regional perspective, the North America market is improving consistent with our prior outlook for the second half of 2014. Another quarter of sequential sales improvement and growing backlog are the foundation for the North America recovery, as recent headwinds pressuring the North America market continue to fade. Europe & Africa posted another strong quarter, marking its eighth consecutive quarter of growth for this region. Growth was robust across devices, systems and services and across most countries. Middle East was flat for the quarter but up year-to-date, and we believe our prospects continue to improve there moving forward. Asia Pac performance was lower than expected, but we expect to see positive results next year due to improved backlog, strong pipeline and ongoing customer engagement. Looking at Products -- looking at our Products segment. We improved sequentially in North America and had another solid performance in Europe and Africa. From a product perspective, we shipped the APX 7000L, the industry's first converged P25 LTE device with the security of LMR mission-critical voice and the benefits of LTE data speeds. We launched the LEX L10, a mission-critical LTE handheld device that intelligently prioritizes and displays only the most critical information to first responders based on current status and activity. The LEX L10 supports both Public Safety LTE private networks and commercial LTE networks. We're providing a solution to an ASTRO P25 customer to upgrade their radio system and perform interconnection with commercial smartphones. This solution uses the wave technology from our Twisted Pair acquisition and will be our largest implementation to date for connecting P25 radios with broadband devices. Key strategic system awards around the world include 5 North America P25 wins with state and local customers worth over $10 million each, a $21 million contract with the Ministry of Defense in Africa, $10 million of Armed Forces solutions in both Latin America and Asia Pacific/Middle East, several multimillion dollar TETRA awards with national police in both Europe and Africa and Asia Pacific, a national defense subscriber contract in Europe and a $5 million nationwide subscriber order. Turning to our Services segment. Our Services segment turned in another quarter of growth when excluding iDEN. Our increased focus in Services positions us well for the future, as communications networks become increasingly complex, software based and feature rich. This complexity and increased functionality are enabling the next phase of Services growth that includes Lifecycle Management solutions, Managed Services and Smart Public Safety solutions. Smart Public Safety solutions includes command and control, Intelligence-Led Policing, Public Safety applications and Public Safety LTE services. Q3 brought several notable Services wins, including a $16 million contract for Loudoun County, Virginia to intelligently connect and manage the myriad of systems and subsystems for enhanced public safety functionality; an $8 million computer-aided dispatch consoles and subscriber services migration over 5 years in Spartanburg County, South Carolina. An emerging growth area in which we are making progress includes our Smart Public Safety solutions, and we earned a contract with Elgin, Illinois for the implementation of the real-time intelligence console. This is a key component to our Real-Time Crime Center solution that will integrate video and other solutions with an agency's existing system, including dispatch platforms to help identify and distribute information to first responders. By sharing the right information at the right time, agencies can shorten response time, proactively deploy resources and increase situational awareness. So let me close with a few thoughts. First, the business is improving, anchored by the continued turnaround in North America. Second, we are aggressively moving to lower our cost structure and resize this company to be more competitive over time. Third, with the Enterprise sale, we are uniquely positioned to capitalize on our simplified structure and growing our business. And finally, by doing these things and executing on these priorities of growth, operational excellence and capital return, we will be well positioned for the long term and will ultimately drive shareholder value. I'll now turn it back over to Shep.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, would you please remind our callers on the line on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You announced a deal, I think, a couple of days ago with Telstra for enabling public safety applications on their LTE network. Can you just comment on how common you think this type of implementation might be as opposed to the more traditional public safety network? And also just curious if you saw a similar set of competitors in that deal as your traditional competitors.
Robert C. Schassler: Simona, this is Bob Schassler. We see those types of customers are where we don't have private broadband spectrum around the world, like in Europe and in Australia. And we really see the competition being very similar to what we're doing in the private business as well in the private LTE business.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Okay. And is the economics, from an MSI perspective, pretty similar to the dedicated public safety network in terms of the devices, except that you're missing the infrastructure piece? Is that how we should think about it?
Robert C. Schassler: Yes, they'll be very, very similar. The operating margins for both models are very, very similar.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then just a quick follow-up for Gino. On the $5 billion repurchase authorization, how should we think about the pace of that into next quarter and next year?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Simona, the pacing, I think it's in -- a useful reference point for pacing is our Q3 buyback of 615 -- $650 million that -- as I said, that would be a useful reference point at this time on pacing and what our expectation is moving forward.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Wondered, first, if you could just let us know what the iDEN headwind or revenues was in the quarter and an update on kind of full year expectations on that product line. And then secondly, Greg, the -- it sounds like the systems business was flat to slightly up, but the devices business was down 8%. And I'm trying to like -- what are the dynamics in the market that lead to a bifurcation like that?
Gregory Q. Brown: From an iDEN perspective, I believe -- Gino will get the exact quarterly number. $25 million for Q3? Okay, it's down $25 million in Q3. Remember, we guided you to being down $100 million -- approximately $100 million for this year. iDEN continues to tail off. From a 2015 perspective, we're planning on iDEN being down approximately $50 million. In terms of devices, maybe I'll turn it over to Mark Moon.
Mark F. Moon: I'm sorry, Tavis, would you give me that question one more time?
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, no problem, Mark. So I think in the prepared script, Greg mentioned that the systems business was flat to up, and this might be a North American comment, but devices sales were down 8%. And I'm wondering, what are the dynamics in the market that lead to a bifurcation between the growth rates in systems and devices?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, Tavis, I think what we still see is some of the remnants of narrowbanding, which we've talked about a lot. We do think through the end of this year, the bulk of the narrowbanding pressure will be behind us. There will be some trickle into next year, but as you think back to narrowbanding, we had a big acceleration in '12 and, really, through the first half of '13, which we believe accelerated about 2 years of business. So we've seen devices, if you will, that particular growth drop off. Now with that being said, as we look at the funnel, we look at the pipeline, even as we look at some of the activities in Q4 and beyond, we do think devices will come back. So not really unexpected for the quarter, and quite honestly, the fact that we're still driving good strong infrastructure sales, we feel positive about that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Two questions, if I could. First, obviously, you guys have made really good progress on the OpEx front. Could you talk a little bit about gross margin? Looks like it's been down through the first part of this year, a few years in a row here. So maybe if you could just talk about opportunities, kind of what's dragging it down and opportunities to recapture some gross margin. And then, Greg, if you could just touch a little bit more on the Federal. You said it was pretty strong in the quarter. Do you think there's been any change there, like you've seen in overall North America? What do you think about the outlook for Federal for the next few quarters here?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Federal, I'll take that one first. As you may remember, last year was pretty dramatic, with about $150 million decline in the second half of last year. We think it's normalized. In fact, in Q3, Federal was up 13%. And in Q4, Tim, we expect it to be up again in double digits. So we're pleased with the stabilization and the return to growth for Federal.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Tim, with respect -- this is Gino. With respect to gross margin, the gross margin decline, the gross margin, actually, is up quarter-over-quarter, in line with our expectation, as a result of a little bit favorable mix. And we will continue to see that trend into Q4. Favorable mix and better sales will yield better gross margin. And I think going forward, as narrowbanding -- the bulk of narrowbanding is behind us, and we have growth in the device business, we'll see margin stabilizing.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First, just a clarification on a prior question about iDEN. Just wanted to make sure I understood correctly. Greg, I think you said that iDEN this quarter was down $25 million year-over-year, and that was totally in line with your guidance. On the last conference call, you'd said you thought iDEN would be down $100 million this year. Was your comment that it would be down $50 million, was that a this year comment or a next year comment? So did I...
Gregory Q. Brown: You're right on the $25 million in Q3 decline. You're right on the $100 million to decline full year 2014. And my $50 million decline for iDEN was a 2015 comment. Just because we have great visibility on that because it's contractual, so I wanted to just let you know that to guide you accordingly.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: No, that's very helpful. I wasn't sure I heard you right, so that helps out a lot. A question on Federal and then a question on Europe & Africa. Following up on the Federal comment, the double-digit increases you had now in Q3 and then expect again in Q4, does that bring you back to the same level that you were doing in Federal for -- I assume, let's use, I guess, 2012 as a baseline? Or does that put us still short of it? Or does it -- and therefore, do you expect the levels -- was 2012, basically, a peak level? Or is that a level that we're going to go through as we get into 2015? Just trying to get a sense on a growth rate level, where that puts us vis-à-vis kind of where we were before. And then Europe & Africa, as you mentioned, have been strong, I think, for 8 straight quarters, good growth there. Can you just go over some of the drivers there? And I assume it's all TETRA, but what are the competitive dynamics going on there? Is there anything like a regulatory issue, like narrowbanding, that maybe we could point to that can explain some of that growth and a sense as to how sustainable it is and how far we should be able to model that going forward? Or could there be potential ups and downs and cyclicality in that, similar to what happened in North America?
Gregory Q. Brown: On the Federal business, up 13% in Q3. I expected double-digit increase in Q4. Ehud, when you model that out, it's flat to slightly up with last year's Fed volume but still substantially short of the 2012 year that you referenced. So we view that as opportunity to try to grow going forward.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: How much below the 2012 level are we?
Gregory Q. Brown: Probably loosely 25% or 30%.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And do you think that's a reasonable level, to get back to the 2012 number? Or was that a peak?
Gregory Q. Brown: No, we'll see. We'll see. We'll model the business and see what comes -- it all depends on a whole host of things in terms of the politics and the continuing resolution and budgets at the Federal level. But we do think that we can grow from the base performance of this year into next year, but we'll guide you accordingly as to the specifics and how it would dimensionalize in '15 and beyond.
Mark F. Moon: Ehud, as far as Europe & Africa, we have had continued very strong success; in fact, 8 consecutive quarters, as you mentioned, but really 3 years of very solid growth. It's really driven across the board. I mean, our performance has been strong. When -- even when you look at Western Europe, we're actually gaining share across the board. And our PCR business was very strong in Q3. Our TETRA business has been very strong. And we've been fortunate to have a number of large projects within the region that has really boosted revenues. We talked a lot about Norway being one of the largest projects we've ever had. So Bob and his team have been in the middle of implementation, which has drove a lot of revenues over the last 2 years. We've also had a couple of other very large projects in Northern Africa as well as other spots. So I think the comparable, as we go into next year, will be tough for sure because the bleed-off of the Norway implementation, in particular, will cause some pressure. But that business, the reason I described it the way I did, has been solid across the base. So while I don't think we'll see the high-growth rates which we've had going forward, I do think that business will return back to normalization as we move into the next year and beyond.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions from me. First of all, I guess, for Greg, in terms of with the order book and the inflection of revenues you are now seeing with narrowbanding behind you, is it fair to say that we should be heading back towards your long-term revenue growth rate in Government in 2015? Do you feel comfortable with that statement? Or is there still things shrouding the visibility? That's my first question. The second one is for Gino. On the free cash flow side, what is the pro forma free cash flow of MSI, would you say, just given the pension change, given the Government, the working capital dynamics? That's one thing I'm kind of struggling with a little bit.
Gregory Q. Brown: Kulbinder, from a backlog standpoint, Product backlog was up $30 million, primarily driven by North America Services. Long-term multiyear contract for Services was down $90 million, pretty much as a result of FX. I think that on the positive side, North America backlog was up $120 million: $60 million in Products, $60 million in Services. And also, we had a very, very good start in October in terms of backlog and order volume around Federal orders that didn't close in September but came in, in October and some very notable state and local deals as well.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And with respect to cash flow, Kulbinder, and we'll guide, obviously, when we guide 2015 in pro forma and beyond. But I think a reference point that may be useful is our expectation for 2015 would be to, from an operating cash flow perspective, be comparable to our 2013 operating cash flow as MSI, so effectively replacing the cash flow from the Enterprise transaction.
Gregory Q. Brown: And Kulbinder, the answer is yes to your question of we still believe that the business, longer term, is a low to mid-single-digit business that, over time, we will return to as we come back out of the trough with narrowbanding.
Operator: And we'll go next to Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: First, could you give me a bit more color on your very impressive cost-cutting project? Wherein the question I have is, how is that happening in your -- on the field in your sales force? In -- I mean, your strength in the market is very much related to your ability to be very close to your customers. So if you reduce your cost base, how do you make sure you don't lower the level of service you're able to provide to your clients? And then I have a quick follow-up on Public Safety LTE. Things have moved very positively this quarter on a couple of deals. Should we expect Public Safety LTE to accelerate in 2015? And if that's the case, any impacts we should think of in terms of your gross outlook for 2015 and also your gross margin impact potential in 2015?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Okay, Pierre, this is Gino. I'll take the cost-reduction question first. So clearly, ahead of schedule, with more than $200 million, as Greg described, year-over-year reduction in 2014 and $43 million in Q3. Year-to-date, $120 million, and I think it's instructive to look at the composition of that. As you know, we talked about it in prior calls, our effort around simplifying the company. So the exercise is not an exercise in cost reduction per se, but it's an exercise that gets at trying to reduce the complexity that was inherent in the larger Motorola organization. So of the $120 million, 1/3 is in R&D. And you shouldn't read that as necessarily a reduction in R&D, a project R&D. It's the -- a reduction in structure, management structure and structure across R&D. The rest is SG&A, and it's really a combination of headcount, site consolidation, simplifying org structure and centralizing some shared services.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, and as we go about these reductions, Pierre, it's also important to note that we have prioritized nonquota-carrying salespeople. So it's more of the shared infrastructure around SG&A, in particular, that Mark and Bob have done a very good job in terms of prioritizing those reduction. As it relates to Public Safety LTE, we're expecting approximately $50 million of revenue this year. And as we look into 2015, based on current contracts, we would expect that to more than double next year. So as we kind of dimensionalize 2015, and obviously, we're not going to guide to it, we expect to end Q4 with higher total backlog, higher product backlog, higher backlog scheduled to ship in 2015. I mentioned the $50 million decline in iDEN. When we think about Europe & Africa, we anticipate some contraction in '15 with macro headwinds after higher-than-normal growth for 3 consecutive years, largely driven by some of the large projects Moon just referenced, like Norway. We expect Latin America and APME to grow. And we do expect some modest growth in North America as well, with the bulk of narrowbanding largely behind us and, basically, effectively, complete by midyear.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Great. And maybe, if I can, a quick follow-up on your churn business, could you take us through how it has been evolving across the last couple of quarters?
Gregory Q. Brown: What business, Pierre, again?
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Churn business. So what didn't come from your backlog in the last couple of quarters?
Gregory Q. Brown: Quick turn. The quick turn.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Sorry, the turn business.
Mark F. Moon: So Pierre, this is Mark. So as we talked about coming into the year, we knew all year that we were coming in backload-light. We would have to have strong, what we call, quick turn or, as you just said, churn business, which means we get the order, book it, ship it in the current quarter. That has continued to be strong throughout and really on schedule. We always knew that the year was going to be back-end loaded. The second half still looks the same. It's what we told you on the last call. We were able to accelerate some of that business. I think Greg mentioned earlier, we've been relentlessly focused on getting new orders and converting those orders to revenue. We were able to convert $40 million more than we originally expected of Q4 orders into Q3. And the churn business for Q4, which will again be a big part of our number, we continue to remain with good visibility and pipeline on exactly what we've got to go do to commit our overall guidance for the second half and now for Q4.
Operator: And we'll go next to Rod Hall of JPMorgan.
Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of things. I wanted to just check on the backlog numbers, the changes in backlog. You said the Services backlog was mainly affected by FX. Can you give us any idea what the backlog change would be in constant FX in the quarter? And then also, I wanted to go back to the question about gross margin and just ask you guys, could you foresee the back end of 2015 showing up with a 50% or better gross margin?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Okay, Rod, this is Gino. On the -- on backlog, as Greg mentioned, although, sequentially, backlog is down $60 million, Product backlog is up $30 million, driven by North America. The multiyear Services backlog down $90 million is essentially all related to FX and the aging of those multiyear contracts in future period based on current FX.
Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Are you saying then that Services backlog would have been flat in constant FX?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. And North America backlog -- and I think Greg mentioned that North America backlog is up $120 million sequentially, $60 million of which is Product, and $60 million of which is Services. And on gross margin, I don't know that we'd be ready to talk about a specific number. We do see with mix stabilizing, we talked a little bit about devices versus infrastructure and deployment services, we do expect gross margin to stabilize, and we'll update you after our Q4 call on what...
Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Would you be able to say anything about what your -- what kind of gross margin target you have in mind, medium-term target?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Comparable. Obviously, as you might suspect, there are many variables. The $50 million of iDEN reduction, at this point in its life cycle, at very high margins. The composition of some services, LTE services and services in general, changes that gross margin mix a little bit. Even though we've specifically talked about Services at operating margin being comparable to Product, it does impact the gross margin. So while I could -- we can talk about specifically in the Product -- in our Products segment, in aggregate, comparable margins.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: A question for you a little more on the backlog. You speak to North America being really strong in terms of leading the backlog growth. Can you speak to, on a geographic basis, on how it's looking in other geographies?
Mark F. Moon: So you -- in fact, you just mentioned North America, and really, the North America piece, just a quick comment on that, then I'll kind of take you around the other regions. So the North America piece was actually even stronger than what we talked about when you think about the $40 million that got converted in Q3 as well as, Greg mentioned, we had a very good first week. The Federal close spilled over into the first week of October, and that was $35 million more of orders in the first couple of days that really would've looked like quarter-ending backlog but, because they spilled over, did not. We also had 3 large North America orders in state and local that we thought would close before the end of quarter, that subsequently closed early in October for about $65 million more. So that North America backlog, very strong, which it needed to be because North America is a big piece of our Q4. Now as you go around the world, we have consistently built backlog in Asia. It's been more longer term that, as Greg just mentioned, we think will come to fruition as we go into next year. And in Europe & Africa, as we work off the large projects, we are working off some of the backlog, which was the comment a little bit earlier about the contraction that we would expect next year, given the headwinds and the effort of these large projects. But overall, again, very good order visibility and good quality around the piece. I think the Europe & Africa result is really just a result of Norway and one other large project being worked off through implementation, of which there are several other large projects around the world in the pipeline, particularly in Asia and the Middle East, as we think about what will be in the very near future.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. I appreciate that. Then in terms of FX, FX has obviously been very volatile over the past few months. How does the FX impact your guidance going forward, I guess, compared to -- as you look at it now given the guidance versus where it, perhaps, would've been 3 months from now, perhaps?
Gino A. Bonanotte: FX is incorporated -- our view of FX is incorporated in the guidance we've given.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Did it bring down your -- perhaps, your revenue guidance by 1% or 2% or have any impact on your EPS guidance?
Gino A. Bonanotte: It did. It did a bit. And obviously, every quarter, it moves around a bit, and that's why we really don't specifically talk about it. But yes, the answer is yes, it did.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, a question on FirstNet. In some of the conversation we've had with some of the large entities in North America, some of the large regional service areas for SMR services like, say, Houston, they're starting to ask, do we need FirstNet? Can we just go with using the public LTE networks, similar to what the kind of the arrangement we have with Telstra, leveraging their -- the network that's already built and then using our radios to connect to it, leasing service from them rather than building out a whole new duplicate LTE network nationwide? What would your growth rate be, looking out over the next couple of years, if FirstNet isn't a go, if it's not a project that gets broadly deployed? And what's your view -- can you kind of give us an update on FirstNet in general and your view of it? And then second question, what are you seeing competitively up? Are you seeing much competition on the LTE front on a global basis?
Mark F. Moon: So let me take it kind of in chunk. I think, first off, whether it's a carrier-led deployment or whether it's a private deployment of Public Safety LTE, we intend to play. We think we have a broad portfolio that plays -- and capabilities that plays across the board. We've had great interactions with FirstNet. And you may or may not know, but FirstNet has been proceeding along. They just finished a process for an RFI that had broad responses, of which we were one of them. The plan is for a more comprehensive RFP in the early part of next year. So they're moving forward. I think the important thing to note in North America is there was a big effort by public safety to say we need dedicated spectrum, and this was a big move to say it is different than operating on a carrier network. And most of our customers know that. There are certain things you can do, but in times of crisis or disaster, you need to ensure that you have that dedicated spectrum, so you can operate, which hasn't been the case with a lot of carrier networks. So carriers will be a component, just like Telstra, as you said, but where you've got spectrum to have an augmented private network is very critical. So -- and you mentioned the Houston area. They just recently were granted an SLA by FirstNet. They continue to move forward with their deployment, but they will be a part of the overall network. And similar is true for LA-RICS and others. So from a revenue perspective, we're proceeding. We're happy with our couple of implementations that are ongoing, but we plan and anticipate to work closely with FirstNet as they work to build out an overall nationwide network. From a competitive basis, as we've mentioned several times, we've been investing in Public Safety LTE for the last 3 years. We think that we have differentiated ourself from the other commercial carrier offerings. We are partnered with Ericsson, who we think has been a phenomenal partner for us from a RAN perspective. And in certain countries like, we mentioned, Australia, we're also partnered with one of the top carriers like Telstra here in North America. We've worked with Verizon and in the U.K. with Vodafone. So we will have a combination of efforts, but we think we have the capability of bringing a unique offering that really is tailored for public safety.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: First question, looking back at the competitive landscape, when you look at P25, do you have any thoughts on how it's influenced pricing behavior and customer bidding initiatives in the handheld market? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark F. Moon: So I think P25 is a very open, interoperable standard. It was designed by APCO, which is Association of Public-Safety Communication Officers, so it's clearly a square playing field with products that go throughout a broad range of pricing. Primarily, P25 is in North America, as you're aware, so almost all procurements are made off of a competitive procurement or a vehicle that was competitively procured. So we think that, clearly, we know we have to compete every day in this particular market, but you're also able to put features that will allow you to differentiate. And the fact that we've got a big installed base, and we work every day through our Services arm, our partners and our folks in the field, we continue to be very successful even given the competitive market.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, and Ben, I would add that from a competition standpoint, we believe we've held or gained market share globally. And more specifically, in the P25 market in North America, we believe we're gaining market share. One other quick comment, back to Brian, on FirstNet. I thought Mark did a great job answering that. We still believe in the U.S. that a dedicated spectrum model is clearly the way to go, and all the legislation and promulgation of rules reinforces that. The uniqueness of public safety around talk groups and one-to-many and a whole host of other reasons of why it's very different than a commercial, a carrier network is important to note. And so we don't see a commercial network a competitive alternative in the states for a long time. I mean, mission-critical voice, as an example, is not even contemplated in the current 3GPP standards. So we continue to work closely with FirstNet. The relationship has gotten better. We're making progress at LA-RICS, and we'll see how it goes. But we've been measured in our expectations as we model the business around Public Safety LTE, around the revenue I earlier commented on a few minutes ago.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: And a follow-up question. When you look at your state and local municipal business, can you talk a little bit about how -- what type of sentiment you see from those customers into next year? Do they see any changes for their funding sources? Or have you seen any deviation? And then one housekeeping, how much of the $200 million in cost savings in '14 comes from the reversal of the accrued comp?
Mark F. Moon: So from state and local perspective, really, the funding that we have traditionally seen has remained fairly consistent. The level of federal grants has remained consistent. And when you think about state and local municipalities, a big piece of their purchases are made through their own funding. As we mentioned, I think more than funding, the fact of the purchasing cycles were really driven by the acceleration calls from narrowbanding in North America with the state and local customers. But our activities, as Greg stated earlier, particularly in North America, have continued to improve. We see North America business continuing to improve. We said at the last call, our pipeline from the second half was up $1 billion over the first half. That continues to remain consistent and positive. So we get good sentiment from the customers around both the need for mission-critical communications and the prospects of Motorola being able to earn that business.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Ben, on the variable pay question, of the $200 million plus, approximately $50 million is related to variable pay year-over-year.
Operator: I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. I want to remind everyone the details outlined in highlighted items are GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations, and other financial information can be found on motorolasolutions.com. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on the site shortly after the conclusion of the call. As mentioned at the outset, during this call, we made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. Such statements include but are not limited to comments and answers related to the following topics: growth and profitability of Products and Services segments, including customers and regions; share repurchases, including timing; cost-reduction targets; outlooks relating to EBITDA, operating and free cash flow, sales, EPS, OpEx, backlog and margins, amount of other income and expense, effective and cash tax rate; pension plan contributions and completion and timing impact of our pension de-risking strategy; growth of Public Safety LTE revenues. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, actual results could differ materially from those stated in the forward-looking statements. Info about these factors that could cause and, in some cases, have caused such differences to be found in the press release. All other disclosures can be found on Item 1A of our quarterly report, Form 10-Q, for the period ended June 28, 2014. Thanks again, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. I would like to welcome you to our conference call to discuss our financial and operating results for the fiscal 2014 second quarter. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President Sales and Product Operations; and Bob Schassler, Executive Vice President Global Solutions and Services. Greg and Gino will review our results, along with commentary and Mark and Bob will join for the Q&A portion of the call. We have posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference, which we encourage you to review. I would also like to remind everyone that as a result of the divestiture of our Enterprise business announced on April 15, 2014, the Enterprise business, other than iDEN, is reflected as discontinued operations for both the current quarter and prior periods. All financials cited reflect the company's remaining business with its new reporting segments, Product and Services. The majority of iDEN results are reflected in the Services segment. In addition to the financial results summarized in the press release at the end of this call, you can find additional information, including full year information in our Form 10-Q, which will be filed later today. I would also remind you that we posted historical results for new MSI last week, which are available on our website. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Good morning, and thanks, Shep. Thanks for joining us on our call today. As I think about the business and reflect on the quarter, there are 3 key themes that I'd like to cover. First, although down for the quarter, sales performance was in line with our expectations. We continue to see soft demand in North America state and local government, which we believe is largely a result of the narrowband impact from prior years. Despite this market pause, we do expect strong second half sales, given our improved pipeline and visibility of customer engagements that Mark will make comments on later in the call. Second, we're making excellent progress on our cost reduction target of $200 million plus and today, we're increasing that target to approximately $300 million by the end of 2015. There's no better time than now to transform this company into a more nimble and flexible organization that can move faster and more efficiently to deliver the right results for our customers and partners and shareholders. This is not just about cutting costs. It's also about removing complexity, and it's also about redeploying some of the savings to make targeted investments and initiatives that will yield future growth. And finally, we remain focused and committed to closing our recently announced sale of the Enterprise business. Our teams continue to make progress on a number of work streams to position that business for a smooth and seamless transition. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on Q2 results and our outlook, and then we'll return to provide additional thoughts and color on the quarter.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Good morning. We reported revenue for the second quarter of 2014 of $1.4 billion, a decrease of 7% from last year. GAAP operating earnings were $138 million or 9.9% of sales. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $201 million or 14.4% of sales and operating cash flow was $118 million, an improvement of $140 million over the prior year quarter. On a GAAP basis, earnings from continuing operations were $0.30 per share compared to $0.81 per share in the second quarter of 2013. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.47 per share compared to $0.94 in the year-ago quarter. That $0.47 difference was driven by the benefit from the formation of our international holding company in 2013. For the remainder of this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results, unless otherwise noted. Product sales in the quarter were $887 million, a decrease of 10% from the prior year. The biggest driver of the Q2 revenue decline was lower state and local sales in our North America region, which declined double digits year-over-year. Recall that state and local sales grew on average at double-digit rates over the prior 3-year period, which we believe is largely a reflection of the impact from narrowbanding activity over the past several years. Europe and Africa, as well as Latin America, grew double digits, with solid performance across most product lines. Asia Pacific turned in sales that were approximately $22 million lower year-on-year, primarily due to declines in Australia and China. Operating income in the Products segment was $133 million, down approximately $21 million to 15% of revenue, driven primarily by the impact of lower sales. Turning to our Services segment. Services saw sales -- Services sales in Q2 were $506 million, a decrease of 1% from the prior year. This segment posted growth of 2% for the quarter when normalizing for iDEN. Approximately 2/3 of iDEN sales are in the Services segment. We saw solid single-digit growth in both Managed Services and Integration services for the quarter. When excluding iDEN, all regions posted growth in Services, with the exception of Asia Pacific, Middle East, which was down slightly. Operating income in the Services segment was $68 million, down approximately $26 million to 13.4% of revenue, driven primarily by lower iDEN sales. In addition, timing around certain of our largest long-term multiyear services projects unfavorably impacted gross margin by approximately $20 million in the quarter versus a favorable impact in the year-ago quarter. We expect that we will continue to see Services gross margin average in the mid-30s, which is generally consistent with past performance. Total MSI operating expenses from continuing operations were $462 million, down $49 million from the year-ago quarter, driven by cost reduction initiatives during the second half of '13, as well as additional actions taken in the first half of this year. Another contributing factor to lower OpEx was lower incentive pay compensation expense during the quarter. Overall, we are down approximately $75 million in OpEx when comparing the first half of '14 with the same period in 2013. We spoke with you last quarter regarding our plans to sharpen our focus on cost reduction and reduced operating expenses by $200 million over 18 to 24 months, inclusive of $100 million this year. As Greg just mentioned, we are now expanding and accelerating those efforts to achieve approximately $300 million of cost savings by the end of next year. We now expect that overall 2014 OpEx will be down nearly $150 million, due primarily to lower incentive pay. This $300 million comes off the baseline of approximately $2 billion of OpEx for 2013, moving us to approximately $1.7 billion for 2015. I'm encouraged by the work to date as we take a clean sheet approach to our structure, eliminating nonvalue-added work and simplifying processes across all aspects of the business, including G&A and R&D and sales and marketing. Some examples of areas where we've made progress during this past quarter includes streamlining G&A functions; workforce rebalancing, primarily in the engineering function; workforce reductions, including the Vice President level; and continued site consolidation across all regions. We will continue to keep you updated with respect to our progress and costs as we move through the year. Shifting to other income and expense. This line item was a net expense of $40 million compared to a net expense of $35 million in the year-ago quarter. Interest expense was $29 million, and we incurred losses of another $4 million related to our investment portfolio during the quarter. We expect this line item to be comparable to this quarter for Q3 and Q4, primarily driven by quarterly interest expense. With respect to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 25% for the quarter, driven by benefits associated with the tax reserve, and undistributed foreign earnings. We expect our Q3 and Q4 effective tax rate to be approximately 33%. We still expect our cash tax rate to be in the range of 10% to 15% for the full year 2014 and a cash tax rate of approximately 15% through 2019. Turning to cash flow. Cash generated by operating activities in the second quarter was $118 million, a $140 million improvement from the prior year, primarily from improved collections and other improvement in certain working capital accounts. For the year, we expect operating cash flow from continuing operations of approximately $550 million. This outlook reflects the Enterprise transaction, increased restructuring costs, along with onetime items and our current outlook. We ended Q2 with $2.9 billion in total cash and $2.5 billion in debt. With respect to capital return in Q2, we repurchased $416 million or approximately 6.2 million shares at an average price of $66.96 per share. Subsequent to quarter end, we also have increased our quarterly cash dividend by 10% from $0.31 to $0.34 per share. We have approximately $1.3 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. Since the program's inception in the third quarter of 2011, we've reduced the net share count by 27% at an average price of $51.11 per share. I'd now like to take a -- make a few comments on our Enterprise business, which is reflected in discontinuing operations. Enterprise revenues were $560 million for the quarter, a decline of $50 million over the prior year. The sales decline reflects some supply chain and IT execution issues related to transitioning business processes. Additionally, we saw weaker demand in Asia and the former Psion business. Excluding Psion, Europe and Africa and Latin America both posted growth in the quarter, while North America was down slightly. The company believes the supply chain modifications implemented in Q2 will benefit the business as it transitions to Zebra. Year-over-year backlog is up and in July, order activity has been robust, including several Android wins. Now turning to our outlook. We expect sales for Q3 to decline 7% to 9%. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations to be between $0.35 and $0.41. As a reminder, Q3 2013 included a $0.35 benefit from the formation of our international holding company. For the full year, we continue to expect sales to decline low- to mid-single digits, excluding the decline in iDEN. I'll now turn it back to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. Now I'd like to provide some additional color on our outlook and the Q2 results for the Product and Services segments. Despite the expected revenue decline in North America this quarter, our Products segment grew double digits in Europe and Africa and Latin America, and our Services segment grew modestly on a worldwide basis when excluding iDEN. Moving forward, the North America market is expected to recover in the second half of this year. Drilling deeper into our Products segment, our ASTRO P25 products performed as expected and are well positioned for the future, given the breadth and depth of our portfolio. Some key Q2 ASTRO wins include multiple North America state and local wins of over $10 million each; multimillion dollar contracts with the U.S. Armed Forces; 2 select Asia Pac first-responder agencies, totaling $15 million; and a notable $23 million contract in Latin America with the Ecuador Minister of Interior. We also had success beyond Public Safety with key wins in expanded verticals, including energy, petrochem and education. Our TETRA product line continued its growth this quarter and built on its solid foundation, with key wins around the world. These include a major government system in Europe for over $17 million, a $6 million system with a Middle East railroad and a $15 million order in Asia. These awards include Public Safety, as well as other verticals in oil and gas, transportation and others, which follow on from our launch of a higher tier portfolio of TETRA radios at the end of 2013 that are proving popular with a diverse range of customers. Our recent professional and commercial radio or PCR wins continue to span multiple sectors, including U.S. automotive manufacturers, airlines, education and industrials. We continue to innovate across our PCR portfolio, having just launched the new C Series commercial digital radios in China. And finally, our Public Safety LTE leadership continues in the marketplace, with customer activities increasing around the world, driven by the breadth of our Products and Services portfolio. Our international engagement continues to grow and our progress in the U.S. with LA-RICS continues as we're proceeding with the first phase of the LA-RICS project worth approximately $50 million in revenue in the second half of this year. On the Products side, we announced the enhancement of our existing handset portfolio with the ruggedized LEX 755 mission-critical handheld for international customers and the VML 750 vehicular modem for U.S. customers as we continue to invest in the Public Safety LTE market. Turning to Services. Our Services segment is healthy, with significant contract wins around the globe and across our portfolio. We continue to see positive trends toward our lifecycle management and support offerings. In Q2, these included maintenance in lifecycle services contracts for $19 million with Montgomery County, Maryland and a $19 million software upgrade with Butler County, Ohio. Internationally, we are in several multimillion dollar countrywide services agreements in Europe and Africa, including the Netherlands' MOI, while also winning several large contracts in APME covering a railway and a 5-year network management contract with Queensland Gas for over $8 million. We also have achieved some notable execution milestones in Q2, including the final acceptance of the $115 million 48-site P25 Phase 2 TDMA communication system serving 15,000 first responders for the city of Houston public safety communications network. Additionally, we and our local partner, Telstra, achieved commercial acceptance for the upcoming G20 finance summit in September and the G20 Leaders Summit in November. This is the first major milestone of this multistage P25 project. Another area of focus is our smart public safety solutions, where our Services offerings are leading the market with targeted solutions such as our newly-announced Intelligent Data Portal. This innovative solution is network-agnostic, working across LMR technologies and/or LTE networks to provide our customers with technology that is second nature, enabling them to focus on the job at hand. This solution is a software subscription model similar to a mobile app store, enabling our customers to access many types of applications and tailored services very specific to their needs in the field. We will continue to drive customer-focused services to meet and exceed the evolving needs of public safety. Now having said all that, let me close with a few final thoughts on the business. First, overall market demand in North America was down in the first half, but we do expect it to show improvement for the second half of the year. Second, we're pleased with the launch of our stand-alone Services segment, and the Services business represents approximately 1/3 of our overall sales and is gaining traction. You will see us continue to emphasize this business as we drive initiatives around managed and lifecycle services, as well as services related to public safety LTE. And finally, our team is fully committed to simplification and growth. We're focused on execution, cash generation, earnings growth, improving our culture, and closing the Enterprise transaction with Zebra. We're making good progress on the path to approximately $300 million in cost reductions as we take a clean sheet of paper approach to simplifying our processes and organization, and our team has several initiatives underway that we believe will drive future growth. I'll now turn it over to Shep, and then we'll start the Q&A.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, could you please remind our callers on the line how they can ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Tavis McCourt of Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First one is a clarification on the $1.7 billion of operating cost level. Is that a full year 2015 number or an estimate of where you'll exit 2015? And then secondly, obviously you guys must be expecting a much better trend in Q4 this year. And aside from the $50 million revenue rec on LA-RICS, what else in terms of large deals should we be thinking about in terms of driving that?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Okay. Tavis, I'll take -- this is Gino. I'll take the first part of the question. The $1.7 billion in OpEx for 2015 is the full year OpEx for 2015, not the exiting run rate.
Mark F. Moon: Tavis, I'll talk about Q4. This is Mark. Really, the Q4 and second half in Q4 story is exactly the same that we talked about on the Q1 earnings call. We knew when we provided second quarter guidance that we had to have a strong second half. We also talked about -- staged backlog that was going to require new orders to come into fruition throughout Q3 and the early part of Q4. We are in that same position. In fact, we talked about the pipeline being over $1 billion stronger in the second half than the first half. That pipeline has actually improved since our last earnings call. Visibility and the strength of that pipeline continues to improve. As you know, second quarter was slightly better than our expectations. And as we go into third quarter, we also believe that we will get additional orders that will build backlog as we enter into fourth quarter. So I would remind you, the other thing about kind of Q4. At the surface, the number that we're expecting for Q4 is very similar to last year. And in fact, we gave this kind of expectation last year and we executed on it. Our visibility to the pipeline is actually better this year than last year. We also have a couple of things working for us as we go into that. The comparable for our Federal business, as you know, which was down $150 million last year, is much better this year, so we expect growth in Federal. The iDEN decline will primarily be completed in the first 9 months, so we won't see any of that in Q4. The other thing is as we think about the overall business and what we've got to do from an orders perspective, we can see our way clear to exactly what large customers we've got to execute on. And as you mentioned, projects like LA-RICS, Libya, some additional revenues for large projects that are also already in our backlog but not yet logged like State of Maryland will help build revenue in Q4. So all in all, we're still in the same position, but actually with better visibility than we came in 3 months ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Greg, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about the impact from the difficult comps relative to narrowbanding in the last few years. And I think that's pretty well understood. But I was curious if you also think that there is some pause or confusion ahead of LTE deployments, which was a factor that one of your competitors cited. And then just from a recordkeeping perspective, if you can update us on what iDEN revenues were in the quarter and your expectations for next quarter for iDEN.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, on iDEN, I know that the reduction in iDEN, Simona, in Q3 is about $25 million in Q3. Second is we do not see a chilling effect of LTE chilling LMR purchases. We do not see that. I recognize that there are some that believe that's the case. We have not seen any material evidence of that at all. We remain on the perspective that the down revenue in the first 9 months of this year is more the overhang of narrowbanding and to some degree, the shutdown of the iDEN network and Sprint. And in terms of the iDEN decline in the first half of the year...
Gino A. Bonanotte: The iDEN decline in Q2 specifically was $18 million compared to the $25 million that you stated for Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum of Citigroup.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, if I'm doing the math right on your top line guidance for next quarter, at the midpoint, I get $13.95, which is roughly flat with this quarter. But EPS guidance of $0.35 to $0.41 seems far below the $0.47 this quarter. So I'm guessing the mechanics, I'm guessing part of that is the tax rate. I'm wondering if it's all the tax rate or if there are other things that we should be taking into account -- operating income and other things like that or is it pretty much all the tax rate? And then you said that Q2 obviously was better than you expected. Can you give us a sense as to what was better? Was it just regionally, was subscriber better, subscriber units or infrastructure better? And do you think that any of that was pulled forward? Or was that an indication of strength returning in some of the regions? And then if you can just kind of quickly -- as a follow-up to the last question, LA-RICS is a perfect example of a place that's actually spending a lot on LTE in L.A. If you can give us a sense as to what L.A. as a city or municipality is doing on the LMR side right now -- just as a show point as to what happens to LMR spending when LTE gets underway, that would be great.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Ehud, this is Gino. I'll take the first part of the question. It is primarily tax that's driving the difference. Margin and OpEx, fairly consistent quarter-over-quarter. I will remind you that in OpEx last year in Q3, we had a year-to-date adjustment for incentive pay, so it's approximately flat quarter-over-quarter, up slightly actually in Q3 year-over-year. But it's primarily driven by tax. And Mark if...
Mark F. Moon: Yes. Ehud, the second quarter performance, as we said, slightly better than what the original guidance was, really driven by North America, which was a good thing. We had said that we needed to turn orders in North America. That was really the case, primarily infrastructure in services. But we are exiting Q2 with about $40 million of aged backlog in the second half of Product, which means we'll turn quicker. So that was really the reference to a little bit stronger in Q2. The other regions performed primarily as expected. If you think about the other question that you asked around LA-RICS, which is a wonderful example of what Greg said when we do not see a chilling effect of LTE. LA-RICS, as you know, we just mentioned that we're in the midst of implementing their Public Safety LTE network, of which approximately $50 million of revenue will be in the second half and a big continued ramp in next year to implement that full system. At the same time, we're also in the midst of implementing a brand new LMR contract. So for the city of L.A., L.A. County, all the independent cities, they're in the midst of upgrading to a P25 mission-critical voice system as well. So we're seeing that both here domestically and internationally, where we had talked about implementing our LTE system. They're also implementing a new voice system. So we do not see them as being one or the other. I think they're actually complementary around voice and data.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And when you gave guidance at the end of Q2 into the second -- end of Q1 into the second half of the year being stronger, did you expect at the time Q3 to be flat and then Q4 to be as strong as you're looking at now? Or did you expect it to be a little more even between the 2 quarters?
Mark F. Moon: Yes. I mean, we actually -- and that was kind of the comment I had made. We really are in the same place we were at that point of guidance. We expected to be able to execute on Q2, which we did. We knew that Q3 would still not be as strong as we expected, and we had a huge ramp in Q4. Obviously, pulling in orders into Q3 so that we exit Q3 with additional backlog, which we believe that we will, will be important. But we're really in the same position that we thought we were in at the end of Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kulbinder Garcha of Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: As we -- it's kind of made me, for the outlook for the government order -- or with the old Government business, the product and multiservices there, as we get beyond the fourth quarter and look forward, is there any reason that you see why we couldn't go back to at least long-term growth rates in that business, based upon your order backlog or everything else? I take the point that there's been various issues this year in terms of comparisons, narrowbanding, pull forward of spend, all those things. I'm just trying to think, as we go forward now, you have the LTE opportunity, you can go with both the easier compares. Or is there a prolonged impact to anything else we should take into account on budgets?
Gregory Q. Brown: So it's a little bit tough to hear your question. Kulbinder, can you -- can I ask you to maybe speak up a little bit?
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry, yes. So my question was that as we get beyond this period now going to Q4 and beyond, my question is, do you still stand by the government business or the core business, if you like, can grow in the mid-single digits? Are the drivers in place there potentially for 2015 and beyond? I'm trying to think -- there's been various things this year that have weighed upon and distracted from what was a fairly healthy growing business and narrowbanding and everything else. Are all those kind of more or less behind us after Q3, do you think?
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think the answer is yes, that we still stand behind this business -- this core business to grow low- to mid-single digits. I think there are a number of things that will turn our way over time. Obviously, one is the year-over-year comps. Second is greater revenue density and contribution from Public Safety LTE. We mentioned $50 million of revenue in the second half of this year. That will grow nicely into next year with contracts that are in-hand that we have to then turn and complete. I think the narrowbanding will largely be behind us by the end of this year. And I also think that the product portfolio, some of the newer products. And quite frankly, the emphasis on Services with Bob Schassler here around lifecycle services, managed services, software maintenance agreements and some of the things that Moon is doing around geographic and vertical market expansion -- growth, Kulbinder, in areas beyond just Public Safety. And we've seen some of that already that as we've moved to a pure-play company, focused only on mission-critical communications, investing in the channel, redeploying and improving sales coverage in some international theaters, emphasizing North America commercial markets like some of the other verticals of oil and gas, manufacturing, I think will pay off. So we believe that this business can grow by low- to mid-single digits. We have the product portfolio, and the backlog position and the commitment around innovation to continue to distinguish ourselves going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu of Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: So first of all, an additional clarification on your cost cutting program. So could you, Greg, tell me -- tell us what you -- what happened to those last 3 months that led you to decide to step up your ambition from $200 million to $300 million? What's the additional opportunities you saw?
Gregory Q. Brown: So we've launched a pretty comprehensive effort led by one of our executives, Michael Annes, that we call simplify and grow. And as Gino referenced, we're taking a clean sheet of paper look at the company and say we don't look at what Motorola was. We look at what we need to be: sites, footprint, manufacturing, R&D, shared services, G&A. And as we dig into this, Pierre, further, we see other savings that can accrue to us so that we can turn around and invest and grow the company more sustainably going forward. With $75 million of savings already recorded in the first half through Q2, that's what caused us primarily to increase the $100 million target this year to approximately $150 million of this year. Now I remind you that a chunk of that is incentive pay benefits. But having said that, we'll still go after incremental G&A and other cost reductions worldwide that we think will be prudent and quite frankly, strengthen our competitiveness. So that's why we continue to dig deeper and see more efficiencies that are available to us, and we're going to capitalize on those and then reinvest surgically so capital is allocated and deployed in a way that makes the most sense for the shareholder.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long of BMO Capital.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions, if I could. Greg, maybe just drill down a little bit more on some of the other vertical opportunities. Just curious as to what you think the timing of some of those investments and focus will be. Are those type of revenue opportunities that we can see as meaningful in 2015? Or do you think it's got a bit longer tail than that? And then secondly, maybe Gino, a lot of good moves on the OpEx side there. Could you talk a little bit about some maybe incremental gross margin opportunities going forward maybe both on the Product and Service side? That would be great.
Gregory Q. Brown: On the other verticals, Tim, my commentary is really more around North America, although there are some internationally as well. I thought maybe, Mark, you can drill a little bit deeper into this -- some of the verticals that we've seen with Molloy and McNulty.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. So from an international basis, we've always been much more diverse in the split between Public Safety and additional verticals. In North America, we've been primarily focused on the North America Government business. One of the things we did with this new MSI and the divestiture of our Enterprise business was created a new go-to market team and a new focus within Jack Molloy's team in North America to really say, how do we get after the other commercial customers here? We want to continue to leverage our government customers, but we need to get broader in North America. And we're seeing immediate success, both in the automotive manufacturing -- we've had good success in several of those. Energy. If you think about petrochem, we've had a couple of big wins there. We think, even as you think about the Fortune 500, that we primarily were calling on with our Enterprise sales team but yet has applicability to our Government or our Products portfolio for Remainco. I think it's good to be a good opportunity for us to further expand into these other verticals as we go forward.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Tim, from a gross margin perspective, it might be -- it's instructive to start a little bit and talk about Q2 gross margin. So the Q2 gross margin was impacted primarily by Services. And within Services, there were 2 large items: one, the decline in iDEN; and the second, an unfavorable adjustment to a large project in Q2. With respect to margins going forward, we clearly see improvement in the second half. And that's driven largely by revenue, by a much larger second half and particularly the mix that we expect to see towards North America. So that margin profile will improve. Also, it's important to note that ASPs are holding through this period. So the gross margin contraction that we're seeing is really a mix to services and volume-related. So we expect to see margin improvement in the second half as we mix back to a more normalized revenue structure, as well as product offerings in services in general -- increases -- as we increase software features and as we increase the number of our customers that are under our software maintenance agreement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rod Hall of JPMorgan.
Roderick B. Hall - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. One, I wanted to see if you guys could talk about your backlog. As it stands right now, I think you said $40 million of aged backlog addition. But what's the total backlog number exiting Q2? And then could you talk to us a little bit about how you expect backlog to continue through the second half of the year and how you might exit the year in terms of backlog? The other thing I wanted to see if you could talk a little bit about, I just want to clarify an answer. Maybe, Greg, I think that you had said to a previous question, which was -- it sounded like you think you thought back in Q1 that consensus numbers in Q3 and Q4 were kind of mismodeled. Is that correct? I mean, do you think that the Street had numbers just too high for Q3 and not high enough for Q4? So could you just clarify that, that's what you guys are saying? That if you looked at your internal model, the Street was just mismodeling numbers on revenue, and that's it.
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, let me take the last one first. No, I didn't make comments on the Street's models. I think it was a question where Moon said a few minutes ago that he thought that we were -- to Ehud's question, that Q3 and Q4 were generally in the second half from our perspective expected to where we thought it would be. So product backlog was up, to your earlier question. Product backlog was up $42 million exiting Q2, and we expect to exit Q3 with product backlog to grow pretty substantially. At the end of the day, as Mark described, this is about order visibility and converting those orders within Q3 and Q4. But we -- clearly, we would expect product backlog to increase exiting Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola of Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Could you put the second quarter Enterprise results in some context? Specifically, how much of the decline, the 8% decline, was sort of related to onetime issues versus normalized revenue growth? And maybe even more specifically, could you attribute the declines to some of the -- how it broke out between Asia, Psion and supply chain?
Gino A. Bonanotte: Okay. This is Gino. I'll take the first part of that question and maybe ask Mark to comment on the second part of it. As far as the makeup of the $50 million year-over-year contraction, it's approximately 50% related to execution, supply chain and IT issues, specific to business process improvements that we made in Q2. And about half of it demand-related, specifically in APME. Also important, as we noted, that July is off to a good start, with robust orders and several wins in Androids. And Mark, if you want to comment on the demand side.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. The -- from a demand perspective, it was really demand in Asia. And more specifically, Andrew, it was demand in China. I would remind you that last year in China, we actually had very strong double-digit growth in Enterprise, so coming from that perspective. This year, though, throughout the year, we've seen a decline in China in the Enterprise space throughout. Now with that said, the good news is the rest of the regions continue to perform really as expected, and we still anticipate growth for full year in all the other regions -- North America, Latin America, Europe and Africa.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And just one more note, Andrew. The improvements, the changes in Q2 are behind us. And they impacted Q2 and we don't expect them to recur.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So no impact to Q3 from the change?
Gino A. Bonanotte: No, no.
Operator: Our final question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: If I can just expand on Andrew a little bit. The -- some of the weakness in Asia, is -- do you think any of that pressure is coming from the threat from consumer devices? Or is that just from a macroeconomic development?
Mark F. Moon: So Keith, from an Enterprise perspective, I think it's really mostly macroeconomic environment. Obviously, the competitor base in Asia is a little bit different, while we see our traditional competitors, you see a lot more low-tier competitors as well. And I think, overall, the macroeconomics are impacting almost all businesses in Asia. When we think about our existing or the new Motorola Solutions, I would say the Asia market has really been slower to recover or return to growth than we expected. But it's primarily 2 issues: it's China and it's Australia, this year. And when you think about China, what you just said from a, if you will, new business perspective, it's really the localization pressures that we still have. There's a new standard in China called PDT. Fortunately for us, we were admitted to the PDT alliance last month, so we expect to successfully compete in that business as we go forward, but we had been shut out prior to that. In Australia, it's a little different. It's really around the economy, the pressure FX-wise against the dollar, as well as the declining minerals and energy market, the mining industry, which has been a boom the last few years. In Australia, our business is always over-indexed. And this year, we're down 25%, and we're down almost 10% in China through the half. Now the rest of Asia is actually up. So again, we're making good progress. And in Australia in particular, we also have several large projects that we expected to get earlier in the year that we expect now to receive orders for before the end of the year, almost $200 million. And that business then we'll exit as we go forward. So Enterprise, all in all, is responding well throughout the world. It's responding well in Asia. China, in particular, has been the issue.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Got you. And then just overall, you -- it sounds like you have some optimism for growth for the year. Can you speak to the backlog and where it stands now versus where it was, I guess, this time last year?
Mark F. Moon: So from our new MSI, we were in the worst backlog position in the...
Gregory Q. Brown: I think he's asking Enterprise.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Yes, Enterprise, I'm sorry.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Yes. Enterprise backlog is up. Product backlog, specifically, is up significantly.
Operator: I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. I want to remind everyone the details outlining highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our website. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on this site shortly after the conclusion of this call. As mentioned, at the outset during this call, we have made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable Federal Securities Laws. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics; growth and profitability of Product and Services segments, including by region; sale of our Enterprise business, including timely return of proceeds; cost reduction targets and their impact; outlook relating to operating cash flows, sales, EPS margins, OpEx and backlog; the amount of other income and expense, future tax rate, share repurchases and dividends; the timing impact of new product solutions, services introductions, including Public Safety LTE. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause and in some cases, that cause such differences can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 10 through 21 and Item 1-A for 2013 or report on Form 10-K on Page 31 on Part 2 Item 1-A of our quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 29, 2014, and in MSI's other SEC filings. Thanks, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President, Investor Relations Greg Brown - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gino Bonanotte - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Moon - Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations
Analysts: Tavis McCourt - Raymond James Pierre Ferragu - Bernstein Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup Keith Housum - Northcoast Research Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets Peter Misek - Jefferies Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good morning and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions’ First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode and the line will be opened for your questions following the presentation. I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Aaron and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss first quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations. Greg and Gino will review our results, along with commentary, and Mark will join for the Q&A portion of the call. We have posted an earnings presentation and press release in motorolsolutions.com. These materials include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for your reference, which we encourage you to review. In addition, we will post an historical view of the combined Government and iDEN business for the past eight quarters on our site later today. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I would like to now turn it over to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks, Shep and good morning and thanks for joining us today. I’d like to share a few thoughts with you relative to our overall business and specifically to the quarter. First, following the sale of our Enterprise business, our remaining business will be positioned as a singularly focused leader in mission-critical communications to public safety and commercial customers. I believe our government business is truly differentiated with an outstanding product portfolio, a vast and global install base, R&D leadership, a great sales and partner network and people that wake up everyday thinking about mission-critical communications. And I am excited about the opportunities that lie ahead of us and believe this business is positioned for solid, profitable growth over the long-term. I wanted to highlight some key points relative to the Enterprise transaction itself. First, we expect the deal to close by the end of the year or sooner generating cash proceeds of $3.45 billion, which we intend to return to shareholders in a timely manner. This transaction is effectively tax free to us and preserves our deferred tax assets. The deal will include our reported Enterprise segment with the exception of iDEN, which will remain with Motorola Solutions. Approximately 4,500 people will transition to Zebra along with other Enterprise assets and liabilities. Approximately $100 million of stranded costs allocated to our Enterprise segment will remain with MSI following the sale. We are moving swiftly to eliminate or offset these stranded costs and Gino will cover that in more detail in a few minutes. Now, moving on to the quarter, there are three key points I would like to emphasize. First, sales were lower than we expected during the quarter. Approximately $20 million of the difference is attributable to the Government business, while Enterprise made up the balance as we originally anticipated growth in Enterprise for the quarter. As we previously indicated, aged backlog in Q1 was the primary driver for the year-on-year decline. We also saw additional weakness in overall North America market demand. Second, we plan to reduce our cost structure to reflect both the Enterprise sale impact as well as the current business environment. While we made solid progress on taking cost and inefficiencies out of our business since we launched MSI at the beginning of 2011, we will accelerate our cost reduction actions in 2014. We have a number of opportunities that we will look at, including reducing our real estate footprint, reducing IT complexity, reducing manufacturing costs, and improving overall supply chain efficiency. And third and finally, the fundamentals of our Government business remain strong. Our pipeline remains robust and we continue to grow multi-year services backlog in core business – in our core business year-on-year while posting another quarter of services growth. These factors coupled with investments in growth such as areas as public safety LTE, geographic and vertical market expansion and smart public safety have us positioned well for long-term growth. I will now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on our Q1 results and then I will return to provide additional thoughts and color on the quarter.
Gino Bonanotte: Thank you, Greg. Today, we reported first quarter GAAP sales of $1.8 billion, a decrease of 9% from last year. Sales in Government declined 11%, while Enterprise sales were down 4% and less than 1% when excluding the iDEN business. Non-GAAP operating earnings were $212 million or 12% of sales and operating cash flow improved by $77 million over the prior year quarter. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.49 per share compared to $0.68 in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings were $0.50 per share compared to $0.66 per share in Q1 of last year. For the remainder of this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Turning to our Government reporting segment, Government sales in Q1 were $1.2 billion, a decrease of 11% from the prior year. The biggest driver of Q1 revenue decline was our North America business primarily due to lower aged backlog, a challenging federal business comparison and lower than expected subscriber orders during the quarter. And while we planned for North America government to be down in Q1 and for the year, overall market demand fell below those expectations. Our Europe and Africa region grew due to strong TETRA product and services performance driven by a number of large contracts. Asia-Pacific and the Middle East declined low single-digits, approximately $4 million. And our professional and commercial radio business grew high single-digits in the all regions with the exception of North America, which declined by $39 million, reflecting overall market demand weakness. Operating income in the Government segment was $140 million, down $77 million to 11.7% of revenue driven by the impact of lower sales. Enterprise revenue, excluding iDEN were down $4 million or less than 1% to $573 million as certain deals moved out of Q1. We remain encouraged by the continued customer engagement and momentum in our new products. Operating income in the Enterprise business was $72 million, or 12%, up from the year ago quarter. Improved gross margins and lower OpEx drove the improved earnings. For total MSI, operating expenses were $639 million, which is down $45 million from the year ago quarter driven by actions taken in 2013 as well as additional actions taken in Q1. These actions include a reduction of our real estate footprint by almost 1 million square feet since the beginning of 2013. This comprises nearly 25 sites, including the sale of a portion of our headquarters in Schaumburg during Q1, which generated $25 million in cash and also the sale of our Reynosa, Mexico manufacturing facility, which closed just a few days ago. The Enterprise sale will provide additional opportunities for optimizing our footprint and fixed costs to align with our more focused business needs. Giving the Enterprise sale, the pending enterprise sale and current market environment, we are moving swiftly to simplify our corporate structure and reduce additional costs. As such, we plan to reduce approximately $200 million of cost. $100 million which offsets the stranded costs Greg talked of will be reduced in 2014. An incremental $100 million will be removed over the next 18 to 24 months. These savings will come from G&A as well as select areas within R&D and sales and marketing. Shifting to other income and expense, this line item was a net expense of $19 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $11 million in the year ago quarter. Our interest expense of $25 million was partially offset by $7 million of gains on the sale of several investments within our ventures portfolio during the quarter. We expect this line item to be an expense of approximately $45 million in Q2. For the remainder of the year, we continue to expect this line item to be an expense of approximately $40 million per quarter, which is primarily driven by $35 million of quarterly interest expense. We expect the Q2 tax rate to be 33% to 34%. Upon the close of the Enterprise sale, we expect our ongoing effective tax rate to be 32% to 33%. Based on our current outlook, we expect our cash tax rate to be in the range of 10% to 15% for the full year 2014. As a result of the Enterprise sale, we now expect a cash tax rate of approximately 15% through 2019, an additional two years. Moving on to cash flow, cash generated by operating activities in the first quarter was $46 million, a $77 million improvement from the prior year, primarily from the timing of our long-term contract milestone buildings and the return of cash that was seized by the Government of India related to a tax dispute in the first quarter of 2013. Partially offsetting these items, we saw an uptick in inventory at quarter end due to lower than expected sales in both segments. We ended Q1 with $3.1 billion in total cash and $2.5 billion in debt. With respect to capital return, we repurchased $57 million or approximately 1 million shares at an average price of $66.32 per share. This lower repurchase activity was a result of trading restrictions due to the ongoing discussions leading to the Enterprise sale announcement. In addition to repurchase activity, we paid $79 million in dividends during the quarter. As a reminder, we have approximately $1.7 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. We have repurchased 26% of the net share count outstanding since Q3 of 2011 at an average price of $50.13 per share. Now turning to our outlook, we expect total company sales for Q2 to decline 5% to 8% with non-GAAP earnings per share between $0.58 and $0.64. For total MSI, we expect 2014 sales to be down low-single digits with operating margins of approximately 18.5%, consistent with our prior outlook. We expect government revenues to be down 8% to 11% for the second quarter. For the full year, we expect government sales to decline low to mid-single digits. iDEN sales are expected to decline by $20 million in Q2 compared to Q2 2013 and approximately $100 million for the full year. I will now turn it back to Greg.
Greg Brown: Thanks Gino. Now I would like to spend some time on the Q1 results and business units. Our Q1 ASTRO contract wins continued. Some of the large notable contracts included a $113 million system refresh and services contract with the State of Indiana, multiple Latin America military customers worth nearly $60 million, several Canadian first responder and city contracts and Asia Police and Middle East Defense departments. The wins also spanned our portfolio with wins in Phase 2 TDMA systems, APX radios, services, software upgrades and consoles. In Q1, we added three new models to our industry leading APX 25 portfolio and now have a number of product families with targeted derivatives of each product to meet customer needs. The additional radio models include new, small, value based, ruggedized form factors as well as our dual band P25 LTE radio that enables LMR voice and faster over the air data transfer. On the systems side, we added key software and systems enablement that includes automatic vehicle tracking, a command center application for geographic top group management and software enablement for migrating customer transitions from analog to digital. Our TETRA business grew double digits, driven by strong subscriber shipments and services. Our portfolio position and customer focus continue to drive current success and positive momentum for the future. In Q1 we successfully demonstrated live video streaming over Norway’s Nodnett TETRA network using TETRA enhanced data services. We also earned awards at 2014 TETRA International for best TETRA innovation and best use of TETRA utilities. Our global momentum and TETRA wins continued in multiple verticals such as government, corrections and railroad. Our professional and commercial radio business declined single digits compared to the year ago quarter driven by lower sales in North America and reflecting lower overall market demand. We had solid single-digit growth in all other regions. Additionally, we are continuing to demonstrate our leadership in this market with our best in class digital portfolio and we continued to invest for growth. For example, we acquired Twisted Pair Solutions, a recognized leader in push to talk over broadband applications for secure, real time communication anywhere and on any device. And finally we see encouraging engagement in both the government and commercial PCR businesses winning major deals with the railroad, a major automotive manufacturer and a multi-million dollar deal in retail. In addition, we continue to invest for the long-term in our growth areas including public safety LTE, services and smart public safety. In Q1 we expanded our public safety LTE portfolio with the refresh of our LEX 700 to utilize the Android operating system. Additionally, we launched the APX 7000L, a converged device that utilizes LTE for fast data transfer on a land mobile radio voice device. And we are seeing marketplace validation of this focus with the recent wins such as the $175 million LA-RICS contract as well as the previously announced international public safety LTE contract for $100 million. Additionally we continue to grow our services business that includes traditional network management as well as expanded offerings to include managed service offerings and smart public safety solutions. In Q1 alone we closed eight large service deals with durations as long as 20 years. Additional significant support agreements were also signed with the Public Building Commission of Chicago and the Minnesota Department of Transportation. Lastly three European police departments selected us for multi-year life cycle services as well. These service contracts demonstrate our ability to secure various recurring revenue streams built on our mission critical platforms and services. Turning to the Enterprise business, which will be reported in discontinued operations beginning in Q2 the Enterprise business excluding iDEN declined $4 million or approximately 1% versus Q1 of 2013. Globally mobile computing declined single digits, offset by single-digit improvements in advanced data capture and double-digit growth in WLAN. In North America, mobile computing was down double digits due to fewer large orders and channel softness, while advanced data capture was up double digits. Europe and Africa was up single digits on strong mobile computing demand and growth across the portfolio. Asia-Pac Middle East was down low double digits primarily in enterprise global computing against strong comps in Q1 of 2013 and several deals being pushed out of the quarter. The Enterprise product portfolio continues to evolve its industry leading position with the growth of the Android portfolio. We continue to see strong demand for the Android based TC55 and we have recently won a significant multi-million dollar order with a large U.S. retailer for nearly 4,000 units. Additionally, the adoption of Android has been robust with the strengthening partner ecosystems, supported by a significant uptick in partners going from Gingerbread to Jelly Bean and 135 Android applications now certified on our devices. The traction on other new product wins was also notable with a major contract win for 10,000 units of our Smart Badge 1 to CVS. Likewise, we expanded our MP6000 rollout with a major global retailer. And finally, our focus on transitioning our WLAN solution to a more services based model has helped drive a significant double-digit jump in WLAN revenue. Lastly, our product innovation received numerous industry awards as well including the HC1, as an Edison Award finalist, and the VC70, which was chosen for the 2013 Good Design Award and the TC55 Red Dot Award. Now having said all that let me close with four points on our Government business. First, even though we planned for North America to be down for the quarter and for the year, the overall market demand is lower than we expected. So as a result, I am obviously disappointed in the recent challenges we have had in calling the business. But second, despite this environment we gained worldwide market share in each of our major products in 2013. Third, we still believe in the long-term growth and fundamentals of this business given our pipeline and strong backlog. Our backlog is growing year-on-year, driven largely by multi-year services contracts and we are very well positioned with recent wins in public safety LTE. And fourth and finally, our singularly focused company will enable greater operational efficiency and improved agility. We intend to streamline our corporate structure that improves our operating leverage as we return to growth and given our excess capital, the pending Enterprise transaction and operating cash flow potential, the opportunity still remains for a healthy return of capital. I will now turn it back over to Shep before we open it up for questions.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. Before we begin taking questions, I would like to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so we can accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, could you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: The floor is now open for questions. (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: Hi guys. I guess my two questions are your – you expected North America business to be down this year, what was the rationale for the expectation, it looks like your biggest competitor in North America is also seeing double digit declines, is there something inherent in the market right now that causing this weakness whether it’s a pause in front of LTE or are we still coming off narrow band I was just trying to understand why it doesn’t seem to be an MSI issue, it seems to be an industry issue? And then secondly just a clarification on the full year guidance, is the full year guidance, including Enterprise or is that with Enterprise as a disco op? Thanks.
Greg Brown: Tavis, thanks. On the first question, I think it’s primarily a North America government issue and I think we underestimated the overhanging impact from narrowbanding. I think that we are still very well positioned for the long-term fundamentals, but to your point, I think it’s more of an industry issue. I don’t think it’s a structural issue. I think it’s a temporary issue given the narrowbanding and quite frankly perhaps even iDEN Sprint network shutdown, because we had record years in 2011 and 2012 in state and local, in ASTRO subscriber and PCR and that’s really what I think it is. We still plan for North America to be down for both the quarter and the year in 2014, but knowing what we know now, I think narrowbanding had a greater impact than we originally thought. In terms of full year guidance, I will turn it to Gino.
Gino Bonanotte: Tavis, in terms of full year guidance, the low to mid single-digit for government that we stated is not inclusive of iDEN. We mentioned iDEN before, mentioned $100 million reduction in iDEN revenue. Was that the question, Tavis?
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: Let me clarify, so that low to mid single-digit, that doesn’t include the iDEN decline? That’s correct?
Gino Bonanotte: It does not.
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: It does not. And then the 18.5% operating margin is that inclusive of enterprise or is that government and iDEN combined or just government?
Gino Bonanotte: It’s government and iDEN combined.
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: But not enterprise?
Gino Bonanotte: Well, it’s actually the same number.
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: Okay, either way.
Gino Bonanotte: Right.
Tavis McCourt - Raymond James: Got it. Okay, cool. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein. Your line is open.
Pierre Ferragu - Bernstein: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question. So, first of all, Greg could you give us a bit more color on what happened, how things played out between late January when you guided for the first quarter and like a couple of months later when you realized you would not – you would have to announce numbers below your guidance. On my rough mark, you had a shortfall in revenue like in the 3%, 4% region and if you think about 80% of your business being something in which you have a bit of clarity with your backlog as a percentage of the 20% of revenues you had to go after in this quarter, it’s quite a big number. And so any color you could give us on where like the disappointment came from and why you have that much visibility on that? And then from there, if you could tell us how you have been building out your guidance for Q2 in terms of this 20% of the business you have to go after, how much – how do you feel about that, how much risk do you see on that number? And then your full year guidance for government implies quite a second half after all if I am not wrong in my early calculations. And so I am just curious to invest in where you get this confidence from in terms of the second half, where do you think you will have better visibility and if that’s the case, why?
Greg Brown: So, Pierre, I will do my best to recount. You asked a few questions. First of all, on the 80% visibility coming into the quarter, approximately 80% that remains unchanged. You described it well that in any one quarter, we have about 20% to go get coming into a quarter. Given the size of the business of MSI that’s still about $400 million roughly per quarter, what’s different than January is we underestimated the overhang impact of narrowbanding, and as a result, we had the $20 million government shortfall, speaking to government now in Q1, and then we had movement in orders in Q1 and Q2, then I will turn it over to Mark Moon for additional commentary. I think as it relates to our Q2 guidance, it’s our best estimate that we have incorporated into some of the things that we are seeing now, hence the negative 8%, the negative 11% for the Government segment itself. And then on the full year, I will ask Mark to provide some color.
Mark Moon: Thanks, Greg. And I think when we talk about Q1, as we said obviously we knew that we have the gap – we had to convert some orders in Q1 to be able to make the revenue guidance that we have provided. The piece that we had also called out was the impact of narrowbanding, which we underestimated. And Greg also briefly mentioned the Nextel shutdown, which actually led to strong growth in our PCR business the last couple of years and even in the first quarter of last year that spilled over. Gino called out, that was $39 million is well of a miss that we had underestimated. So, as a result of those things and orders not only converting in the quarter, so we were expecting to convert orders that would provide revenue in Q2 and for the rest of year. Now, on re-look, we see many of those orders, approximately $300 million in the first half that have been pushed to the second half. Now, with that said, the pipeline and our visibility to those orders and orders in the second half is very good. In fact, we continue to have very good engagements and our second half pipeline is over $1 billion stronger than the first half pipeline. So, when you talked at the end about what would give us confidence or risk and the comments that you made around the second half, it is really that pipeline, the fact that we have got a number of contracts that we have received in hand, a couple in particular like LA-RICS and the State of Maryland, that we now have $75 million that is not currently aged in our backlog. And as we move for the full year, remember the second half of last year had a huge decline in federal government. We talked about $150 million decline in the second half. It was the worst second half and the worst full year we have ever had in federal government. Now, we have budget certainty, which was approved in January, which we didn’t have last year. The pipeline is reflecting a ramp up from the government shutdown and some pent up demand. So, at the end of the day, we really have good visibility to what we are calling throughout the rest of the year. And from a federal perspective, we are really only assuming modest growth for the full year. Even though it will be a $70 million increase in the second half, only very modest, less than 20% growth for the full year again coming off the worst year we have had.
Greg Brown: Next question.
Operator: Thank you. We will next go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks very much. I have just a couple of questions. The first one is as I recall for most of last year, you were seeing a higher mix shift of infrastructure sales. I think you might have said that it was a double-digit increase and historically we see a follow-on effect with higher device sales, which were in fact weak in the quarter you just reported. Can you just walk us through that dynamic a little bit? Would you still expect those follow-on device sales and there might have been some reason for why they didn’t come through, but they should still come through in the rest of the year or there is something different about those infrastructure sales last year?
Mark Moon: Simona, this is Mark. We don’t really see anything different about infrastructure sales. And as you talked about into the comments that we made early, was that subscribers were less than we had anticipated in the quarter. In fact, we continue to have stronger infrastructure sales which we are positive about. We also continue to have stronger multi-year services sales, which are building very strong backlog, but not necessarily feeding revenue in the very short-term. When we talk about the Nextel shutdown and when we also talk about narrowbanding, which pulled a lot of new infrastructure or accelerated infrastructure into the year that also led to some subscriber acceleration, which led to the piece that we talked about here in Q1 and Q2. As an overall result, we still expect we believe our portfolio is in wonderful shape. We mentioned a couple of new models of our industry leading APX portfolio. We still expect subscriber growth to return as we move forward.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then my second question was on the new APX 7000L, which I think is your first converged device that handles both LTE data and LMR voice. So, that seems to be a change relative to how you initially were approaching this market with separate LMR and LTE devices. And so I was hoping you can talk about the strategy there a little bit? And also if we think about this device relative to an equivalent LMR-only device, what would be the like-for-like ASP list?
Mark Moon: There is really no change in strategy. In fact, we have always talked about we will continue to lead in our mission-critical voice portfolio. And as we have talked about, we believe we will also lead in public safety LTE portfolio, both in infrastructure and devices. We have often talked about the end to end portfolio and services component that we believe we will offer that none of our other competitors will. This first converged device we think is what the industry will ultimately want to go to. We know that customers, as Greg mentioned LA-RICS earlier will look to have devices like that that are able to both handle LMR and LTE. There will also be the need for collaborative devices and most customers will like that, dual devices LMR device and a LTE only device, which will also feed that portfolio both with devices and with modems as we go forward. So all in all, it’s strictly own our strategy of record. We actually, again believe we are leading. We are excited about this new product. And the ASPs will be slightly, again as you would think, this is complementary to having more features, more capabilities and the ASPs will be slightly higher than what you would see in a traditional LMR or P25 device.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: So just to clarify, I think in the past you had talked about LTE as kind of an incremental multi-billion opportunity, which if it was an incremental device I can sort of see how that could happen, if this is really still the same device but with more features and a slightly higher ASPs, would that still support that kind of large incremental opportunity or should we just think of it as more of a slight ASP mix shift effect over time but not really a multi-billion increment?
Greg Brown: I will let Mark answer, but Simon I think we still see it as an incremental multi-billion dollar opportunity over the long term both infrastructure and subscriber devices. There are people but – some that will keep different devices, video or data only and voice LMR. There are some that will go with converged devices. And for some with converged devices it’s not just necessarily an ASP potential lift but it could also be an event over time to upgrade subscriber radios. So it really doesn’t change the way we have looked at it and we still see LTE and public safety LTE as being incremental to the land mobile radio business.
Mark Moon: Yes. Just complementing, I think it’s just – this new announcement is another device in our overall portfolio. As you are aware we had announced last year a LEX 700 device that was actually Microsoft based. We have now come back with a Google upgrade of that as well or Android upgrade. We will also announce this device and there will be a series of devices just like we do in the LMR portfolio, we will continue to build out that subscriber and device portfolio for public safety LTE.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Hey guys. Can you hear me?
Greg Brown: Yes.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Awesome. Thanks. So first thing on narrowbanding, I am glad that you are starting to see that it probably had more of an impact. It did kind of end a year and a half ago mostly in 2012 even though there is a little bit of an impact probably in 2013, when you are looking at your long-term growth rate and you are basing it on historical numbers, narrowbanding obviously didn’t just happen in 2012, it was something that was out there for a number of years five, six, seven years and kept being pushed out, so there is a chance that narrowbanding may have had an impact to your growth rate numbers for five, six years even before you split off from Motorola Mobility, how do you get a handle on what the true underlying growth rate is to give you confidence on your long-term growth rate of 2% to 3% versus thinking that maybe all the historical numbers that you have looked at may actually not be necessarily indicative of what’s going forward putting aside LTE. And then I have got a follow-up on operating margins. Thanks.
Greg Brown: So maybe we will tag team it. But I think if you normalize the way we think about it is normalize for the record years of 2011 and ‘12. And then maybe even to your point, maybe it’s a little bit longer than that in anticipation. It’s still from last 7 years or last 10 years, the average historical compounded annual growth rate is about 4%, 4.5%. But forgetting the rear view mirror looking forward, we still believe really the long-term fundamentals remain sound. We still believe that mission critical communications remains an utmost priority. We still look at the multi-billion dollar install base internationally as an addressable market opportunity to upgrade. We have talked about the fact that there is about 10,000 plus systems, 16% more than 10 years old. When you look at the PCR radio business and that base 35 million or 40 million PCR radios worldwide, 90% analog, 10% digital. There is the opportunities for growth that are geographical and vertical market expansion in our core mission critical business. As we provide more long-term services contract and lock a customer up for the long-term, it protects the customer base. It allows for technology refresh. It allows for more long-term annuity revenue streams. And then lastly is public safety LTE, which we believe as earlier stated is incremental. The U.S. and other countries are taking a business model that dedicates or allocates the spectrum, which is the model we believe is appropriate that will allow for public safety LTE infrastructure and incremental subscriber demand on top of that. So that’s what we believe – not just historically, but we believe in the longer term growth drivers to get this to a low to mid-single digit business.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: So you think it’s about let’s say about two or three?
Greg Brown: I mean we – I don’t want to be that precise given some of the recent challenges we have had I would just say low to mid.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Okay. On operating margin, if you just look historically at the pattern, Enterprise in 2010 and ‘11 had a higher operating margin than Government did, primarily because iDEN was in that mix, 2012 Government took over and was higher in terms of margin, more profitability and same with 2013, it looks like from, Gino your comments that both Enterprise and Government will have the same 18.5% operating margin this year. When you say that I am not 100% sure from the prior question whether where you are putting that corporate overhead, the $100 million dollars, is that in the Government that get – when you said they both have 18.5%, is that...?
Gino Bonanotte: Yes. So Ehud, just so I am clear when we talked about 18.5% we talked about approximately 18.5% for total MSI and approximately 18.5% for Remainco. In Remainco, in Government, the stranded costs are in Government. The $100 million of actions to offset those stranded costs that we will execute on in 2014 are predominantly Government segment actions.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: So then the $100 million additional in the next 12 to 18 months on roughly a $6 billion Remainco total gives you another 150 basis points with no – assuming no revenue growth of operating margin expansion, we would assume that going forward that as revenue grows therefore, so is that $100 million taking your OpEx from now and taking $100 million out, and that’s your OpEx number or is OpEx going to grow from revenue growth and then $100 million off of what it would have been otherwise, because if you grow 3%, you will grow the top line about $100 million and you will expand operating margin that way in which case we could be go 200 to 300 basis points of operating margin expansion. If you can just help us understand what happens to OpEx as revenue grows, I guess, vis-à-vis the $100 million OpEx…?
Greg Brown: Clearly as revenue grows, there is opportunity for operating leverage. The commentary around cost reduction was the $200 million you think about it in terms of Remainco, $200 million is approximately a 10% BGM reduction on Remainco. Obviously with revenue growth, we have the opportunity for operating margin expansion.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: On the current OpEx level though, can you handle 3% revenue growth or will operating margin – operating expenses have to grow with a 3% top line, let’s say?
Gino Bonanotte: Without getting into modeling ‘15 and ‘16, there may be slight OpEx increases, but we believe that we will be able to expand operating margin and we will have operating leverage when we return to growth.
Greg Brown: Yes, Ehud, as Gino said, $100 million is to be taken out. The target is to take it out this year. There is another $100 million beyond that. We are targeting about $200 million. By the way, there could be more than that. If there is, we will pursue that accordingly, but it’s a below gross margin target. And Gino is right. There could be some uptick as the business returns to growth. But our goal is to size the business to a lower fixed cost model and a cost basis that’s a reflection of more of a pure play simplified corporate structure. So since we are the Remainco business that spun off Mobility, which is mobile devices and set-top boxes, we monetized the network business and sold it to Nokia Siemens. We are doing what we think we are very excited about the Enterprise transaction to Zebra. We have had good customer feedback on putting those assets together for a pretty compelling end-to-end Enterprise Mobility play. We are simply saying that while we have taken action, there is room for more in the areas that we talked about, real estate, IT, supply chain, G&A and we are going to size the business as a reflection of our more simplified structure. And this is the time to do that.
Ehud Gelblum - Citigroup: Great. Appreciate it. Thanks guys.
Greg Brown: Yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Thanks guys. I appreciate the opportunity to ask question. I guess first question on your gross margins, gross margins were down for the quarter. Hoping you can give me a little bit of color on that? I am assuming a little bit is probably due to just the lower volume, but yet I see services are down significantly, I guess quarter-over-quarter. If it’s Government-related, Enterprise-related, just any color you can offer there?
Greg Brown: Sure. With respect to gross margin, it’s really a function of – we are not seeing ASP erosion in the Government segment within any specific products. So, it’s a function of higher infrastructure and deployment services versus subscribers as well as higher TETRA volumes versus ASTRO and services growing faster than the overall business, which has an impact on gross margin, but with a similar OE profile. As well, the impact of a lower iDEN number impacts the gross margin percentage as well.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Got it. So, in general, does TETRA have a lower gross margin than ASTRO?
Greg Brown: Yes.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay, got it, got it. And then next question, I guess is more on competitive threats going forward and perhaps I don’t understand the acquisition of Twisted Pair Solutions and what they do so much, but can you speak to I guess a competitive threat or is there a competitive threat with public safety forces, who perhaps don’t need the mission-critical device, but have used one historically say like a police chief or fire chief, is there a threat of those guys using a consumer device, where previously they perhaps did not? Is that a concern going forward?
Mark Moon: I think if you look at those type of executives in policing as you just kind of described, most of them are carrying dual devices today. They carry a radio. They also carry a cell phone. So primarily, when you think about the Twisted Pair acquisition, it really wasn’t targeted at that executive level of public safety even though it could be, but take a similar example in the commercial space, where you have a plant manager that may not want to carry a radio, that carries a cell phone, but maybe more to make from that cell phone, a push-to-talk call back to folks within the plant or within the manufacturing facility. That Twisted Pair combined with our MOTOTRBO Anywhere gives that capability. So, that could also be applied to an executive within public safety. And as we look at the Twisted Pair technology, we certainly are also leveraging that capability and technology as we move in our public safety LTE direction. But all-in-all, mission-critical voice is still a constant, it’s still a priority. And throughout the world, public safety still is moving and continuing to see the importance of mission-critical voice.
Greg Brown: Just one additional item, Keith is probably the closest substitute to mission-critical voice that was available has been available historically was really the Nextel, the iDEN technology in terms of setup time, in terms of one to many groups. And through the Nextel period, we saw growth in mission-critical voice. So, we believe that mission-critical voice continues to be very important. And there is really, from a substitution perspective, there is nothing available that really shares the attributes in terms of a hardened network, call setup time, one-to-many that we offer in our voice.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: So, if I understand correctly from what you are saying, it is not asked by a threat of those, I guess, unique individuals who perhaps have previously had a radio, they can now use a consumer device like a phone with a software solution? As you are saying that’s not necessarily a threat to the overall sale of devices?
Greg Brown: As a matter of fact, I think it’s an opportunity to combine, as Mark said, someone who traditionally perhaps would not interact with a fleet, with an LMR fleet, they have the ability on their device to talk to a plant manager that leaves the plant or anyone who leaves the coverage area would have the ability to interface on an LMR network.
Mark Moon: So, there is a lot of conversations, Keith about over-the-top push-to-talk exactly what you are just describing. And where we are saying that application if it’s getting any traction is in the commercial space, we are seeing almost zero traction in mission-critical voice because of the attributes that Gino described.
Keith Housum - Northcoast Research: Got it. Alright, I appreciate it guys. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. One for Gino, one for Greg. Gino, you talked a little bit about the gross margin in the quarter, understanding mix going forward, that will change around, but it sounds like some of Greg’s initial comments talked about supply chain manufacturing costs and some efficiencies to be gained more on the gross margin line. So, just talk to us a little bit about mix aside what type of benefits we could see from some of the more gross margin-focused actions? And then Greg, I am just – this is certainly at least the second year in a row where we are seeing pretty backend loading of the year. So, do you think that’s the trend or that’s the norm from now on and maybe have to plan the business accordingly or do you think it’s just a coincidence that it’s been two in a row where we have gotten off to pretty weak starts in the year? Thank you.
Greg Brown: Well, let me do the second one and then Gino will talk gross margin. I think they are different. I think if we look at last year, the challenge we had was the unprecedented second half drop of our federal business. We have never seen it decline to levels in 10 years plus on the second half of last year. This is a Government business comment. And that being of course, no budget and the government shutdown, which happened – hasn’t happened in about 20 years. That was a unique pressure point on the Government business in the second half. And then last year, of course, we had the Enterprise business and the cyclicality of that and trying to call its recovery. I think this is different. I think about this Government business and this is more of a narrowbanding, we believe overhang. So, I think the causes are necessarily different last year and this year. And I wouldn’t necessarily conclude, Tim, that it’s a trend longer term. We are just trying to comment on what we see this year and I think the factors are different – a little bit different this year than last.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets: Okay.
Gino Bonanotte: Tim, on gross margin we talked about Q1 and we talked about some of the differences between products and products versus services and the impact in Q1. Going back to Greg’s comments on additional opportunities, we are around this idea of becoming singularly focused on one segment and reducing our structure and reducing fixed costs. An example of that would be I mentioned the Reynosa, Mexico facility, manufacturing facility that we had that we sold just announced a few days ago. So, we believe there are opportunities within IT to reduce complexity and simplify within our real estate footprint, manufacturing footprint to reduce complexity and simplify that will lead to a lower breakeven and a better cost profile. I mentioned the million square foot reduction since the beginning of 2013, I think it’s instructive to note that since spin, we have had a 5 million square foot reduction, about 40% of our total square footage from spin to now has been reduced as well as 40 sites that have been closed since that timeframe. So, that work will continue and it will continue at an accelerated pace given the new MSI profile.
Tim Long - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Peter Misek with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Peter Misek - Jefferies: Good morning. Maybe go back to the long-term growth rate and try and tackle it a different way, maybe you can give a sense for the install base of physical equipment and infrastructure domestically, any kind of rough age you can give us on that and maybe how that relates to LTE and FirstNet? And then I had a question on cash return.
Mark Moon: So, when you think about the age of the infrastructure, I think Greg may have mentioned it, but about 60% of the infrastructure that’s deployed is over 10 years old, so relatively aging. 90% of the devices that are out there today are still analog have not moved to digital. As you know, the new technology is moving all to digital. So, the install base that is there is certainly in a position to be churned. And given our portfolio, we think there are capabilities that will also besides just aging push for some of that churn because of new features and functionality, new capabilities that are now available in our portfolio and through digital technology. As far as the LTE piece of that what we are seeing today is no impact on the traditional mission critical technologies from LTE. In fact, LA-RICS is a wonderful example where they just procured in a similar time the LTE network and a mission critical P25 network. The customer that’s in Europe that we described a quarter ago for $100 million also is deploying a mission critical P25 technology. So the capabilities of each are different. One is about big data and being able to have video and situational awareness. The other is primarily about mission critical voice and the other features and capabilities that we have talked about for many years.
Peter Misek - Jefferies: Any way you can give us a size of that install base that is, you said over 60% of the install base is 10 plus years old, any way that we could sort of size that install base?
Mark Moon: Yes. Pete, it’s several billion. But I would leave it at several billion. We will try to give some more color I think as we go forward.
Peter Misek - Jefferies: Because I think if you step back and you try and get a sense for that size, how much longer they could extend that life, what the savings are by moving to some of the newer mission critical voice and then by layering in the advantages of LTE, maybe that can help us get a sense for whether that long term growth rate you have put out there is really easily achievable or stretchable. Just in terms of cash return, obviously you are hoping the Enterprise deal is going to close here sooner rather than later, maybe you can articulate how you are thinking of splitting up that cash return, is it a bulk in terms of share repurchase and should we think of a tender offer for your shares as a way of using that cash up appropriately or are you going to hold it on your balance sheet and divvy it up over time in dividends and share repurchases and small acquisitions? Thank you.
Greg Brown: So Peter, I think the – as we stated in the call a couple weeks ago, the intent is to return the proceeds of the transaction in a timely manner. We haven’t articulated and we will continue to work through exactly what form that takes and we will update you on that soon. But it is not our intent to hold that cash on the balance sheet.
Peter Misek - Jefferies: So you would anticipate that shortly after the close of the enterprise transaction there would be a capital return on that?
Greg Brown: Yes. We will return it in a timely manner and we will update you when the time is appropriate.
Peter Misek - Jefferies: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rod Hall with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Rod Hall, your line is open. And we will now move to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Good morning, guys. Just one question, really can you give an update on FirstNet, where do you see it at, when do you – are we still looking at early next year for an impact on that, just any color you could provide would be appreciated? Thank you.
Greg Brown: I think we continue to work pretty closely with FirstNet and we are successful in working with them and the customer for LA-RICS. We continue to stay closely engaged with them. Mark Hacker is our lead General Counsel and one of the key operating executive interface points into the FirstNet group. And I will have Mark maybe make a little additional commentary on where we are, as well.
Mark Moon: So as Greg indicated, I think they continue to move down a path from their original plans to deploy this nationwide network. Their current announced intent is to release additional RFPs towards the end of the year which would say the response would move into next year, so it would probably be late next year, later in the next year for real activities to take place. I will let FirstNet speak to the timing but that’s just extrapolating from their announced RFPs, a response and evaluation from those RFPs and then the direction they would need from that point.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: So we are looking at more of a ‘16 timeframe for when we really start to see the ramp in that business?
Mark Moon: Again, I think when we think of the LTE, we have talked about both FirstNet but also internationally. So we have talked about the real ramp being in the latter part of next year and into ‘16, I think FirstNet will fall into that same equation.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations for additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. I just want to remind everyone that details outlining the highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our website. An audio replay, together with a copy of today’s slides will also be available on the site shortly after the conclusion of this call. As mentioned at the outset, during this call, we made a number of forward-looking statements. Within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws, such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to comments and answers relating to the following topics: long-term growth and profitability of government, sale of our Enterprise business, including timing and return of proceeds, cost reductions and their impact, outlook relating to sales, EPS operating margins, OpEx and gross margin, amount of other income and expense, amount of quarterly interest expense, future tax rates, share repurchases and dividends, time and impact of new product solutions, services introductions, including public safety LTE, timings of orders and contracts and impact on future revenue. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, MSI actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause and in some cases have caused such differences can be found in the morning’s press release on Pages 10 through 21 on Item 1-A of our 2013 Annual Report, Form 10-K, and in our other SEC filings. Thanks. And we will be looking forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. A replay of this will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-22 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gino A. Bonanotte - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss fourth quarter and full year results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations. Greg and Gino will review our results, along with commentary, and Mark will join for the Q&A portion of the call. Earlier this morning, we posted an earnings presentation and press release on our website. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. It is important to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And now I would like to turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Good morning. And thanks, Shep, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Q4 was a solid quarter for Motorola Solutions. We finished 2013 on a positive note. We had growth in both businesses, improved operating margin, delivered double-digit EPS growth, built backlog and generated strong operating cash flow. As I reflect on the year, there are a few thoughts I'd like to note. And first, although revenue was flat for the year, we still expanded operating margin, delivered solid EPS growth and cash flow and returned $2 billion of capital to our shareholders. Second, the Government business turned in a very solid year, demonstrating resiliency, especially off of a record year in 2012. This comes despite a challenging second half in our federal business related to the U.S. government shutdown and declines in APME. Europe and Africa and North America state and local were growth drivers for us. We closed 2013 with a record backlog position in our Government segment, up $450 million, and have signed some significant multiyear deals that will build the base of recurring revenue streams for future years. Third, we continued to see encouraging trends in our Enterprise business. The business grew slightly in Q4, the second quarter of growth in a row, driven by stronger-than-expected performance in North America, continued strength in Asia and solid performance in Europe. New products are gaining traction, and our backlog in Enterprise is also up. And finally, we sharpened our focus, proactively taking steps to improve our cost structure and improve our competitive position overall. This positions the business well for sustained operating leverage and cash generation going forward. Now to our results. This morning, we reported fourth quarter sales of $2.5 billion, an increase of 3% from Q4 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $1.31 per share compared to $1.18 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $1.67 per share compared to $1.10 per share in Q4 of last year. For the full year, revenues were flat at $8.7 billion, while we increased non-GAAP operating margins by 30 basis points. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 4% for the quarter. We saw solid double-digit growth in infrastructure and deployment services for both ASTRO and TETRA. Government sales increased 1% for the full year coming off of a record 12% revenue growth in 2012. Our strong product portfolio and expanded solutions capabilities have positioned us well to take advantage of the demand drivers of the analog-to-digital transition, aging public safety infrastructure and expansion opportunities in the verticals beyond public safety, demand drivers which continue as catalysts for future growth. In the Enterprise business, sales were up slightly compared to the year-ago quarter and increased 1% when excluding the decline of iDEN. On a full year basis, Enterprise revenue declined 2%, as we experienced cyclical weakness in the first half of the year, although we believe the trends in our core Enterprise business are demonstrating a return to growth. And now, I'll turn the call over to Gino to discuss our results in more detail, and then I'll return to get into more operational highlights and provide additional color on our business performance.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thanks, Greg. On our last call, I talked about managing costs and improving cash flow as 2 of our top priorities. In Q4, we saw encouraging results in both areas. We continue to make good progress on the cost front, and our intense focus on cash flow produced strong results for Q4. We will continue to remain focused on cash and operating leverage. Now moving to the results. Q4 sales grew 3%, in line with our expectations. On a full year basis, revenue was flat at $8.7 billion. Government posted strong growth of 4%, fueled by 25% growth in Europe and Africa and continued strength in North America state and local government sales. Strong results in infrastructure and deployment services were the drivers. 2013 full year Government sales grew 1% to $6 billion while delivering solid operating margin expansion. Q4 sales for the Enterprise business were up slightly at $736 million. Excluding iDEN, revenues grew 1%. Both Asia and Europe turned in solid growth for the quarter. For the full year, Enterprise posted revenues of $2.7 billion, declining 2% year-over-year. Although it was a challenging year, we saw the trajectory of this business improve meaningfully in the second half and believe the segment can return to growth in 2014. Turning to operating expenses. In Q4, operating expenses were $710 million, down $50 million from the year-ago quarter. Full year OpEx was down approximately $120 million versus 2012. This decrease was driven by a number of structural cost improvements we implemented during the year, as well as reduced variable incentives. Operating earnings in Q4 were a record at $519 million or 20.7% of sales compared to $476 million or 19.5% in Q4 of 2012. Other income and expense was a net expense of $22 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $16 million in Q4 of 2012. This expense was lower than we expected due to investment gains and several other items. We continue to expect approximately $40 million in quarterly expenses for this line item. Our effective tax rate was 12.5% for the quarter, in line with our expectations. For 2014, we expect the effective tax rate to be between 33 and 40 -- 33% and 34%. EPS in the fourth quarter was $1.67, which represents a 52% increase year-over-year. For the full year, EPS increased 48% to $4.73. This EPS increase included a onetime tax benefit of $1.25 per share associated with the implementation of our foreign holding company structure. Excluding the benefit of implementing the new structure, EPS growth was up double digits in Q4 and 9% for the year. We provided a schedule in our website of the quarterly EPS tax benefit in 2013 for the purposes of comparing core EPS growth in 2014. Turning to our regional view of results. North America declined 1%, driven by a mid single-digit decline in Enterprise, offset by 1% growth in Government. For the full year, North America declined 2% as a result of mid single-digit declines in Enterprise and flat Government sales. State and local was a strong performer for the region, while the federal business declined approximately $150 million. In Europe and Africa, revenue was up 16%, driven by strong double-digit growth in Government, along with solid results in Enterprise. Full year EA results were strong as well with 12% growth. Significant project rollouts and continued momentum in TETRA helped drive this strength, while Enterprise also provided growth, with some notable pilot projects for our new Android devices. Asia Pacific and Middle East sales declined 1% in Q4. The region saw a continued momentum in Enterprise with double-digit growth, while Government turned in single-digit declines. APME declined 4% for the full year, with double-digit decline in Government. Enterprise grew double digits for the year with good results through the entire year. This region is showing good momentum, including a substantial increase in backlog, which will help it return to growth in 2014. Latin America declined 2% for the quarter, with a decline in Enterprise and growth in Government. Latin America full year revenues declined 8%, driven by iDEN declines in Enterprise, while Government posted a slight increase. Our services business finished with a strong quarter and a terrific year. Total services grew 12% over Q4 of 2012, with double-digit growth in Enterprise and Government. On a full year basis, our services business grew 10% over last year, with mid single-digit growth in Government and double-digit growth in Enterprise. Moving on to cash flow. Cash generated from operating activities in the quarter was outstanding at $741 million, a quarterly record. The improvement was a result of actions we implemented to improve payables, accounts receivable and collections related to long-term contracts. For the full year, cash flow was $944 million. For 2014, we expect operating cash flow to be approximately $1.1 billion. We ended the year with $3.2 billion in total cash and $2.5 billion in debt. During Q4, we repurchased $362 million of stock. For the year, we repurchased 29 million shares for a total of $1.7 billion. In the 2.5 years since we initiated this plan, we have repurchased 105 million shares, or $5.2 billion, at an average price of approximately $50 a share. As a result, we have reduced our net share count by 26%. In addition, we paid $80 million in dividends during the quarter and $292 million for the full year. Through Q4, we have paid $634 million in dividends since reinstating our dividend in late 2011. Before turning to outlook, I want to mention a few items related to pension. Our total underfunded U.S. pension balance decreased from $2.8 billion at the end of 2012 to $1.2 billion ending 2013. U.S. pension expense will decline from $110 million to approximately $80 million in 2014. The minimum cash contribution to our U.S. pension will increase by $150 million to approximately $300 million. The funding increase is a result of the MAP-21 exclusion in 2013 allowing a lower minimum contribution last year. Now turning to our outlook. We expect 2014 sales to be flat to up 2%. This outlook is predicated on low single-digit growth in Government and mid single-digit growth in Enterprise, excluding iDEN, or flat to low single-digit inclusive of a $100 million iDEN decline. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 18.5%. This margin outlook incorporates slightly lower year-over-year operating expenses and gross margins comparable to 2013. In Q1, we expect sales to decline 4% to 6% year-over-year. Our outlook for non-GAAP earnings per share is $0.46 to $0.52 from continuing operations based on Q4 ending share count. This compares to non-GAAP EPS of $0.66 per share in Q1 of 2013. This outlook excludes items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings release. Let me provide some insight into our full year and Q1 sales expectations. Our year-over-year backlog is up approximately $500 million. This increase is driven by multiyear projects which begin to generate revenue in mid-2014 and beyond and provide long-term revenue streams. However, the Government backlog scheduled to ship in Q1 is down approximately $125 million from last year. As a result, we expect Q1 to be lower as a percentage of full year revenue compared to the past several years. To sum up, we are pleased with the overall backlog position and remain confident in our position in both segments. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Gino, thanks. In Government, our sales for the quarter were $1.8 billion, up 4% over Q4 2012. Operating earnings were a record 22.5% of sales compared to 21.8% in Q4 of last year. Growth in the quarter in our Government business was driven by higher ASTRO and TETRA infrastructure and deployment services sales. Growth for the full year was driven by Europe and Africa and strength in our state and local business despite, as Gino mentioned, approximately $150 million in federal sales declines that came largely in the second half of this past year. Profitability also increased based on lower operating expenses and solid gross margins. Across the portfolio, full year ASTRO sales were up single digits and TETRA grew solid double digits. Growth in these businesses was driven this year by a double-digit increase in the sales of new system infrastructure, which is typically a leading indicator for future subscriber revenues. Our PCR sales declined single digits following record double-digit growth in 2012, although our results were consistent with the overall market performance. In ASTRO, this quarter marked a new release of our market-leading and standards-compliant P25 technology. We already have over 35 customers upgraded to this latest release, with 49 more in backlog scheduled for 2014 upgrades. This latest version of ASTRO features a seamless migration path with improved serviceability and scalability. Customers investing in these next-generation systems have the assurance that new radios with enhanced features remain interoperable and backward compatible with the existing equipment while preparing for future technology migrations. During the quarter, we signed several large deals, including a number of wins at the county level with the counties of Cobb, Georgia for $27 million; Albany in New York for $25 million; Waukesha and Milwaukee, Wisconsin for $23 million; Hamilton, Indiana for $21 million; San Bernardino, California for $18 million; Florence in South Carolina for $12 million; Grand Prairie, Texas for $12 million; and Harford, Maryland for $11 million. We also were awarded a $17 million contract from the Navy to service and maintain radio systems at over 50 military installations. And the Tennessee department of safety, which had previously self-maintained their ASTRO system, recently contracted with us to maintain, monitor and support their network for 10 years in conjunction with their new ASTRO P25 system, for a total contract of $52 million. And the recent $24 million contract with the City of Charlotte includes upgrades of their ASTRO network with our assurance program to keep their software and hardware refreshed with the latest technology enhancements. P25 is truly a global standard for mission-critical communications, and our ASTRO systems are now deployed in over 60 countries. We won several international deals this quarter, including the country of Latvia for $18 million to deploy a nationwide system that replaces 2 legacy systems that were 15 years old. And Royal Malaysia Police, operating one of the largest ASTRO deployments outside of the U.S., added several million dollars of new services and signed a $25 million contract that transitions management of their network to us from a formally self-maintained model. We also signed awards with the Israel fire brigade for $20 million and the São Paulo military police for several million dollars. We're driving growth in verticals beyond public safety as well. This quarter, we secured contracts with Xcel Energy for $26 million; Nassau County, New York, public works for $11 million; and the L.A. Department of Power and Water for several million dollars. We continue to make tailored investments for expanded verticals. As an example, new features now available in 7.14 ASTRO system release include special alerts for the mining market and enhanced data for meter-reading capabilities to serve the utilities market. Our expanded PCR portfolio now includes several digital radio platforms complete with multisite coverage, which is being adopted by customers in energy utilities as well as manufacturing. For example, this quarter, customers like Cenovus Energy in Canada and Sam Houston Electric in Texas recently chose MOTOTRBO to serve multiple sites; while Agrium, a large fertilizer company in Canada, is deploying MOTOTRBO as well. Looking back on the year. We secured large contracts in actually what was one of our best large-deal years in our history: Los Angeles; Queensland, Australia; Libya; Tennessee; and our first international public safety LTE deal. Deployments of this size and complexity lead to long-term revenue streams over multiple-year rollouts. We've also made progress expanding our services business and, in particular, lifecycle management contracts. These agreements provide customers with the ability to stay current on the latest software versions with routine upgrades. In the past 3 years, we've gone from only a handful of these contracts to now almost 200. In this year, in ASTRO alone, we signed 39 new lifecycle management agreements, with over 50 million in backlog growth. These contracts also tend to be long in duration. For example, 40% of the new agreements we signed this year were for 10 years. We had one of our best years in TETRA, with strong double-digit growth driven by the continued expansion of our infrastructure footprint with this mission-critical standard. Our expanded device portfolio is also being well received. As an example, our new TETRA 6750 model, the first-ever camera-equipped TETRA public safety radio, is now shipping and receiving great customer feedback, including a readers' choice award from a leading German professional telecommunications magazine. This quarter, we renewed a multiyear support contract for Airwave's critical communications network, one of the largest TETRA networks in the world delivering voice and data services to the U.K.'s emergency services. And we signed a large multiyear public safety contract with Libya for $187 million to provide countrywide coverage. The Royal Brunei Police Force also selected our TETRA technology for a $6 million system in Q4. TETRA also continues to be the technology of choice for rail transport communication systems across the globe, as demonstrated by contracts this quarter from Chongqing Metro in China and an award with St. Petersburg Metro in Russia. The decline this year in PCR was primarily driven by lower sales in North America, a market that grew almost 20% in 2012 because of U.S. narrowbanding. We're making investments in this business to extend our leadership in the market, with continued growth potential. For example, we acquired Twisted Pair Solutions, which further extends our MOTOTRBO radio push-to-talk communication to commercial smartphone device users as well. One of the key long-term growth drivers for the PCR market is the overwhelming majority of the 40 million radios deployed in the global market that is still largely analog technology, and we are leading that transition to digital with the most comprehensive digital portfolio in the professional and commercial market. And finally, we signed our first public safety LTE contract with a country outside the U.S. for a multiyear deployment that includes our infrastructure and devices valued at nearly $100 million. We're very pleased with securing our first international LTE contract and anticipate this revenue will begin in 2015. We have a great product portfolio that positions us well on the continued migration to digital, the continuing need for interoperability and the high-critical nature and prioritization of mission-critical public safety. I should also mention that our backlog in Government is at a record level, with much of the composition of this backlog being multiyear in nature, as we execute on large contract deployments and incremental managed services opportunities. Moving on to Enterprise. In Enterprise, our sales for the quarter were $736 million, a slight increase. Profitability for the segment increased, driven by lower operating expenses. Operating earnings were 16.5% of sales compared to 14% in Q4 of last year. On a full year basis, the iDEN segment -- excuse me, the Enterprise segment declined 2%. And excluding the decline in iDEN, the Enterprise business grew 2%, with an improved trajectory in the second half of the year. We believe the trends in Enterprise are favorable. Throughout this past year, our focus has been on operationally and financially improving the business, and the portfolio is getting stronger with investments in Android and new devices like the TC55. We're moving from trial deployments for this device and other new products to customer adoption and we are pleased with the improved revenue traction. On a full year basis, mobile computing grew single digits and data capture and wireless LAN both declined single digits. Now having said that, data capture and wireless LAN grew double digits in Q4. As Android has emerged, we are well positioned with a truly enterprise-grade portfolio, complete with our own Motorola Extensions to enhance, integrate and secure the Android OS. We have 4 new models running on the current version of Android and our workforce MC67 is available in both Windows and Android. Additionally, several strategic accounts have begun to deploy these devices, such as Spanish Post ordering over 10,000 of our new Android-based TC55. It's a pocket-sized touch computer which merges the features of our traditional enterprise-class mobile computer with the form factor and functionality of the smartphone. In Q4, we won other large mobile computing deals within our transportation and logistics customer base, including a multimillion dollar order from the Italian Pos. APC Overnight, the U.K.'s largest next-day delivery network, purchased over 2,000 MC67s for their new proof-of-delivery system. And TNT Express in Europe ordered 2,600 MC67s for their needs. In advanced data capture, Q4 growth was driven by strong sales through our distribution channels and several large direct deals. For example, Wal-Mart continues to invest, with a recent order of 10,000 handheld scanners along with 4,000 of our first-ever bioptic scanner, the MP6000, for use in their checkout counters, displacing the longtime incumbent in this strategic account. We recently announced the blade, the DS4800, an innovatively designed scanner that complements the customer experience in high-end retail with stylish ergonomics and customized bezel, together with best-in-class 2D scanning. Wireless LAN was a bright spot in Q4 and grew double digits. Bed Bath & Beyond recently chose our WLAN solution in a managed services delivery model, which will be deployed in all of their 1,275 locations in the United States and Canada. We also recently won a large contract with Caesars Entertainment to deploy over 45,000 access points in over 35 of their properties to deliver guest access, workforce solutions and location-based services on a secured network, with the goal of providing an incredible guest experience. I'm encouraged by our Q4 results in Enterprise. And as we look forward to 2014, we're well positioned here competitively. The National Retail Federation's annual showcase was just last week in New York. I met with several large customers that are excited about investments that they're making in our Enterprise products to improve customer service and capture customer demand, whether it's in the store or online. In closing. Q4 was a good finish to a challenging year. In the quarter, we grew in both segments; achieved record operating earnings of $519 million, record operating margin of 20.7% and record quarterly operating cash flow of $741 million. We also made numerous changes this year to become more efficient, and our 21,000 people remain focused on execution and returning this firm to growth in 2014. The fundamental demand drivers for our business remain solid, and we continue to invest and innovate for profitable growth. And we plan to build on the momentum that we demonstrated this past quarter as we ended the year and move into '14.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, could you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First, a clarification. You mentioned you expect iDEN to be down $100 million in 2014. Do you have the basis of what that was in 2013? And then secondly, on the gross margins, it was down pretty meaningfully year-over-year in Q4 and I think you're calling for it flat next year. Can you talk a little bit about what is driving kind of gross margin in any particular quarter and why this quarter was kind of weaker relative to Q3 or the year-ago quarter?
Gregory Q. Brown: So 2 things. First, on iDEN, iDEN was about $185 million in 2013. We expect it to be down approximately $100 million to $85 million. We have very good visibility, obviously, with that business given its contracting and pretty located base that we have a very good understanding of. Gross margins were compressed largely due to mix, which we had higher infrastructure and deployment services in 2013. And when we talk about deployment services, we're talking really about installation and integration services. So it compressed gross margin in Q4 and that mix carries over into Q1, although overall for the full year, we're anticipating gross margins for full year 2014 to be comparable for full year 2013.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question for Greg, just on revenue growth for the overall business. I guess, in '13, you didn't kind of hit your target range and there was a number of issues. This year, you are saying the same thing. I understand the timing of some of these things, but I guess, what confidence do you have that MSI is above a mid single-digit grower, let's say, from '15 and beyond? What gives you that confidence in what you've previously discussed? Is that the target growth rate for the company? And then just a clarification on the nearer term: So just to be clear, the Government business has a very good backlog, but you just guys aren't going to be converting that in the first half, and that creates kind of an air pocket, hence the down revenues we're going to see there. Is that the right way of thinking about that?
Gregory Q. Brown: Kulbinder, 2 things. I have much higher confidence, in the business, than I did several quarters ago about our ability to call it. So if I take you back a couple of quarters -- and I understand, when we were guiding to be approximately flat for the remainder of -- or for full '13, there were folks that didn't think we could get there given the kind of ramp in the second half that was required and we pointed people to what we called the aged backlog being up about 100 million in this past Q4, which ended up converting as expected and materializing in line with what we thought. As we think about this year, and you call it an air pocket for Q1, I'll come back to that, we believe that the full year guidance comports well. Even with Q1's compression, the remaining 9 months is -- has the business growing at 2% to 4%. That's off of a 9-month compare on the same period of '13 of being approximately flat. For the full year, we expect Government to grow low single digits, and Enterprise mid single digits without iDEN. I think we have pretty good visibility to that, and I think that we have shored up a number of processes on our ability to guide and forecast the business. In Q1, as you referenced, Kulbinder, it's really a timing issue. And we don't manage the business, of course, by quarter, we look at the full year. I love the fact that the backlog is up in both businesses. We have very good visibility into the aged backlog composition of that, meaning the backlog to be delivered in Q1 and in fiscal 2014. We see good trends on the Enterprise business that we referenced and we're expecting Enterprise to go -- grow in Q1. So I feel good about where we are as a business, the long-term contracts, multiyear contracts that we've signed, which over time will give us even greater predictability on annuity revenue streams. So that's what gives me confidence as I look into '14.
Operator: And we'll go next to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up to that question. How does the backlog coverage for this year compare to what you typically enter the year with? And then I just had a clarification: When you talked about the $150 million decline in federal in the second half, was that a bit larger than you had expected? I think you had earlier indicated $100 million.
Gregory Q. Brown: So you're right. On the second part first, Simona, the $150 million turned out to be higher in the second half, but we still met full year guidance. And just to further extend your point, in 2014, we're not building into our overall revenue guidance some kind of significant snapback to the federal business. We're really projecting very modest increases in the U.S. federal business. On backlog, as we referenced, Q1 is just more of a timing issue. The remaining aged backlog for the 9-month ensuing period is at comparable levels to 2013.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I see. So despite the fact that backlog grew quite nicely, that's really kind of layered out over a number of years. It's not giving you any more visibility into this year than typical.
Gregory Q. Brown: That's right.
Mark F. Moon: That's correct.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ehud Gelblum with Citigroup.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So a couple of questions. First of all, have to dig a little bit more into this timing pushout in Q1, if we can get a little more detail on that. With the $150 million falloff in fed in second half of the year, does this Government downdraft in Q1 as air pocket, as mentioned before, a, is that related to lower fed, or is it related to LTE or anything that we can get our arms around? When did you get a sense that this was going to happen? Was this something that just happened around Christmas, that you got a phone call that it wouldn't be recognized in Q1? And if we can get a sense as to what type of work that is, what types of projects. And then should we be assuming that whatever we -- you were going to get in Q1 are now pushed out to Q2 and whatever you get in Q2 are now pushed out to Q3? And just trying to get also a sense as to, was this lost business, or was this business that literally just got pushed out and then pushed everything out 1 quarter in advance in the future? And then I have a follow-up.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Ehud, thank you for the question. This is Gino. A couple of items to note. You mentioned federal, and the $150 million decline last year was predominantly in the second half. So Q1 does have an element of federal to it, but it's generally across the Government segment. It's in state and local, federal and, to some extent, in other regions. The question on visibility and when did we begin to realize that Q1 may have an air pocket in it, is it was really as you say. As we were closing the quarter, Q4 is our largest-order quarter, approximately $3 billion in orders in Q4. And as we closed the quarter, we aged those projects and those orders over the course of the project life, and that's when the Q1 issue became pronounced that we had a scheduled delivery issue. Aged backlog, as we call it internally became, an issue.
Gregory Q. Brown: And just to add. It's -- we don't characterize it as business that's lost, and it's not LTE either.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But this was -- to follow up. This was, I'm assuming -- it doesn't sound as though it was one project or one group of projects that was pushed out from the same customer. It sounds as though it was spread up. It sounds like part of it was a continuation of fed, so you may had a little bit of insight ahead of time, but it sounds like just a coincidence that a large chunk of multiple projects from a lot of different places are being pushed out. Or is there some structural third reason, fear of government shutdown and, obviously, I don't know, state and local, something that is making a bunch of different customers push out? I'm just trying to get a little bit of visibility into why all of a sudden. I mean, we haven't seen that before. My other question had to do with pension. Now that your pension liability is down $1.6 billion, what does that -- what kind of dry powder does that give you for additional buybacks?
Mark F. Moon: Ehud, this is Mark, let me jump on the first piece, then I'll hand back to Gino for the pension liability. When we think about federal, as we talked about -- when we talked about the down in the last second half of $150 million, we're also coming against a very large order in federal in Q1 of last year, so the comparable was also tough in that particular piece. Gino spoke about the $3 billion of orders and how we aged the scheduled delivery of backlog here in the last couple of weeks. It was a nominal across the portfolio, different than just one customer pushing out. The mix was definitely tilted towards infrastructure and deployment services, which is longer range, and just the necessity of how it -- how the project will be deployed versus larger subscriber orders. The order flow in the last 2 weeks also, probably because of the holiday following -- falling in the middle of the last 2 weeks, was a little less than normal. Now overall trends are very good, so it's just those last 2 weeks which also may have impacted some of the Q1 volume, but again, it really is a Q1 anomaly. We look very strong. The demand is strong. And actually in Government, both in North America and around the world, we increased share in the year. So order demand is good, it happens just to be a Q1 timing issue.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And then Ehud, on the pension liability decreased, we've stated in the past and we continue to adhere to a net debt position by 2014. We've also talked about that we're comfortable based on our ability to generate cash, comfortable running a levered model. Certainly, that reduction gives us greater flexibility, but we think the adjusted leverage is still appropriate in the mid-2x range. And as we've discussed in the past, we expect to intend to hold onto our solid investment grade rating.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I know you made some comments on this, Greg, at one of the recent tech conferences. Could you give us an update on your views on timing of LTE rollouts this year in the U.S.? Or really, that's like more next year, but I want your view on that in terms of how you're planning. And then back to an earlier question around the guidance for the year. If things go good in the back-end, and the following 9 months after Q1, why are better than planned, I should say, should say worse than planned also. What would have caused that relative to your plan for the year?
Gregory Q. Brown: On LTE -- first, Brian, thanks for the 2 questions. I'll start by, we're thrilled with the fact that we secured an approximately $100 million multiyear deal, our first internationally, outside the U.S. As we think about LTE revenue contribution overall for '14, we are not planning no more than $50 million in 2014 total revenues. I still -- we continue to work closely with FirstNet well here in the U.S. We are working on a couple of projects and we'll see if they are successful coming to conclusion, one in particular comes to mind that we're working on that could make a decision over the next few months. We'll see. In terms of the remainder of the year, I think we have been pretty disciplined in the guidance that we're giving in a variety of different contingency scenarios as Gino and I work pretty closely together. For the full year, factored into the full year revenue guidance, again we think about Government being up low single digits, Enterprise being up single -- excuse me, mid single digits, without iDEN. And that's really kind of the way we think about the balance of the year. It contemplates about 2% to 4% growth over the remaining 9 months against a flat period of compare. We've detailed, we've taken a detailed look at backlog, so we feel pretty good about the way we're calling the year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I have a question about your operating expenses. If I take the guidance that you've given, say the midpoint of your revenue, the assumption that gross margin is unchanged next year. Is your -- and then all the put and takes around pension and bonus and other pay increases, things like that. Is your operating expense base, where it is now, going to get you to the 18.5% operating margin? Or do you need to look to make additional cuts to get there?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think -- high level, I think that, between the actions that we've taken in '13 that resulted in significant annualized savings, which is a tailwind, as well as pension savings with a tailwind, and then net it against the headwind of accruing back to 100% of variable compensation, we think those actions, when netted together, largely get us there to approximately 18.5% against the backdrop of the revenue guidance that we've given.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, Greg, on the LTE win and the other possible awards that you might win this year, are any of the customers, new customers to you? So is LTE expanding your addressable market in any ways that maybe you could discuss so that we can think about your business going forward?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I think it expands the addressable market because it's a separate new network that's incremental to the narrowband LMR that's been deployed. In the win internationally, it's an existing customer, one that we've enjoyed a relationship with for decades. But having the fact that we have a public safety solution infrastructure, software and integrated devices does expand the addressable market. And in the one that I'm thinking about here domestically, it -- that too is also an existing Motorola Solutions customer, but if we were to succeed in closing that business, that too would be an expansion of the addressable market opportunity because Public Safety LTE and the addressable market is incremental to the public safety mission-critical land-mobile radio business.
Mark F. Moon: Andrew, just to further kind of clarify and amplify really what Greg said: The existing -- one of the large contracts that he highlighted that we received this year was from L.A. Regional Interoperable Communications for a land-mobile 2-way radio mission-critical network. LA-RICS is also a customer currently pursuing an LTE opportunity. So that is the reference that Greg just made. So really, this new LTE opportunity is indeed incremental because it's an addition to the multiyear mission-critical network they just bought. And again, we're in negotiations with that customer and optimistic about what will come in the near future.
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Misek with Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess I'm struggling a little bit as well with the margins, and I guess I have 2 questions. Firstly, as we look at the Enterprise performance, 2 quarters effectively of growth here on an adjusted basis. The business seems to have less and less to do with the Government side. The overlap, based on the work we've done, seems to be diminishing over time, not increasing. Does the thought process around maintaining ownership for that business continue? Or does it make sense, now that we're starting to see a stabilization, to actually explore a sale? And then on the margin side, still struggling on the operating margin guidance on how you get there when you look at the math of ramp, mathematically the ramp throughout the year. Maybe we can dive into the bridge from gross margin to operating margin just on the Government side, as that Government operating margin looks again mathematically to be a bar that's set far lower than we would have expected.
Gregory Q. Brown: Peter, so on the Enterprise business, I mean that we have 2 core businesses here in the firm. They're different, you're right, but they're also both very good businesses. Our focus has been and remains on improving the Enterprise business given some of the difficulties and challenging periods we had over the last few quarters. And we feel pretty good about where we are with this business. It's improving operationally. It's improving on backlog, up $50 million year-over-year. It's improving on new products, with 4 recently introduced Android products. The engagement, as I mentioned, with large customers at NRF was significantly, in tone, better than the last year or 2. We've extended the Motorola Extensions vis-à-vis security, device management, integration on our own software that we layer on top of Android. So I guess it's a long-winded way of saying, look, the Enterprise business is a good business. It's improving its position, that's been our focus. And we have a number of customers that are counting on us to deliver in Q1 and Q2 and for the remainder of the year, and that is our primary focus. And we think there can be a lot of value created by continuing to drive the improvement of that business.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And on gross margins, Peter, the -- we've said gross -- we expect gross margins to be comparable to 2013. And Greg talked about the tailwind in pension as well as reductions executed in 2013 that will realize -- will be realized in annual savings in 2014.
Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But the question I was specifically asking is on the bridge. If we're comparable at roughly, call it, 50% gross margins given that revenues are expected to grow more than expenses, and you've walked through that, we would have expected more than an 80 basis point rise in operating margin based on your full year guidance. And guess -- I guess, the bridge I'm talking about, if we assume flat to low single-digit revenue growth and if we assume low single-digit operating expense declines, we're getting something that's closer to 19% operating margins. And so I guess, that math, I'm just curious if you can give a little bit more color on the puts and takes on that math, and whether we're thinking about this right or how should -- we should look at it in more detail.
Gino A. Bonanotte: So Peter, what we've said, margins comparable to 2013, we ended 2013 at 49.3%. So margin's comparable, and a reduction in OpEx gets us to the 18.5% from where we ended 2013.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. And the only thing I'd add is, the guidance of approximately 18.5%, and I've said this before in the past, it's net -- not to imply necessarily a ceiling either. So we're just trying to be prudent in our estimation given the 90 point -- 90 basis point improvement year-on-year. Gross margins will be comparable '14 versus '13. We do have lower iDEN revenues, but we also look at ASPs pretty carefully and we're comfortable with where we are on ASPs in both segments. So that's contemplated into the approximately 18.5%.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: I just wanted to dig into the LTE business. I know you talked about it not being a meaningful contributor this year, but looking out a few years, I just wanted to get a sense of a few things. First, could you talk a little bit about, when we think about the revenue distribution of those contracts, do you think it will be any different than ASTRO or TETRA when you look at the mix of infrastructure, devices and software and services? That's number one. And then number two, similar question but on margin profile. And with the margin profile, I just want to understand, given that there might be a little bit more standards-based air interfaces there, does that mean a more -- a much more competitive dynamic on the device piece of the business?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I'm going to turn it over to Mark to answer part of that. But just on the last part, Tim, the -- one of the things, I think, that's been very important from a competitive advantage and the way we approach this business strategically is a solutions orientation, so regardless P25 is an open interoperable standard as well with many competitors on the infrastructure and device side, but given our expertise, customization of software, existing relationships, we're able to drive a very successful franchise. LTE is also an open air interface standard, and our approach to that market is also through a solutions orientation, infrastructure, software, devices and an end-to-end orientation that reflects the expertise and the decades of experience we have in provisioning mission-critical communications. On the LMR side, it's narrowband. On the LTE side, it's broadband. But we've been very conscious of the R&D investments we've made to try to have that systems end-to-end orientation, to have that strong solution and business model that we think will be quite successful going forward.
Mark F. Moon: Tim, when we think about the revenue mix, both kind of where it physically will happen, we see it being fairly well balanced between international opportunities and U.S. opportunities. From the infrastructure subscriber question that you ask, I think it would be similar when you think about our traditional business in the mix of percentage of equipment, infrastructure equipment, versus devices. But what I do believe, following up on what Greg just described as the way we see the business evolving, you will see the services component. Because this will be a solutions delivery and operating some of these networks at a higher level, I think you'll see that services content continue to grow in this particular piece, just like we're seeing it grow in our other businesses today in longer-term agreements. So from a margin perspective, both as you think about services, infrastructure and what we see in the Public Safety LTE devices, I think, from a gross margin perspective, it will be somewhat less than what we see in our traditional business, but we do believe we can maintain the same level of operating margins within that business.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: I want to come back to the 1Q guidance, if you guys don't mind. I know this is going to be a topic of conversation amongst investors today. I guess, Greg, you made the point before that you have higher confidence in your ability to schedule out going forward. So the question is, of course, what gives you that higher confidence? And it certainly looks, if we look at your historically numbers in the Government sector, this is highly unusual that you're going to have such a decrease year-over-year in that segment. I guess, any other color that you can give to why that was, perhaps? And I know you touched on this number to a call here, but it still seems like something is missing here from the investor standpoint, trying to understand the lower guidance.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I would summarize it this way. And I recognize that -- a number of questions around the topic. It's really about timing. And I don't mean to distract or take away from the realities of the Q1. It's the mix of the mix to higher infrastructure and deployment services and the way the orders flow through. We had a -- almost a $3 billion order quarter in Q4. It's a huge volume that comes in. A component of it is federal that we mentioned about it earlier, but quite frankly, I'm just not that concerned, nor is Gino. And I don't mean to blow by it, that's not at all what I'm trying to do, but we look at the business annually, we look at the backlog that's aged, we look at the engagements we're in. We're not contemplating significant LTE. And when I think about, can this business grow 2% to 4% for the ensuing 9 months over a flat compare with the same period, I think it's very reasonable. And I think it's in that context that we have higher confidence. When we come into a quarter, I've referenced, Mark and Gino have referenced, that we have 80% -- approximately 80% visibility into a quarter. That too was unchanged. About 50% from backlog, 30% of what we characterize in our own vernacular as run rate, which is add-on and additional services and things with very little variability. And then there's about 20% of the quarter that we need to go get, which is anywhere from $350 million to $400 million and new orders to turn and book and ship. I think, in the last several months, with Gino's arrival and, I think, some rigorous processes and stronger linkage between finance and Mark Moon's organization, I feel more comfortable about some steps that have been taken. I think a great example of that is the cash generation of $741 million in Q4, which we've never had. And I will give a tip of the hat to Gino that dove into this. From a working capital standpoint, receivables, payables, it's the "mud under your fingernails" blocking and tackling that I'm very pleased with. So I think we're operationally more crisp. And the overall demand drivers of the business are strong, multiyear backlog is up. So those are the elements that underpin our guidance and my feeling of feeling more comfortable about this business.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. If I can ask a follow-up question to that. So it sounds like, from the final question here, in your commentary, the average age of your backlog is probably increasing substantially as the multiyear rollouts are, it actually sounds like they're, extending. Is that correct?
Gregory Q. Brown: That is correct, yes.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. Can you give us an idea of what the age of that backlog is, or the average age?
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't know the answer to that. I don't know.
Mark F. Moon: Keith, I would also say on Q1, the Q1 issue is really a North America issue. And when you think about what we've talked about with the federal government in North America and the way we bragged over the last several number of quarters about the performance of state and local in North America, 15% growth in '12, 9% growth this past year, it really is we're still very confident in that business. But the timing of that backlog in that business is down. The other thing, for the full year of Government, we do expect to return to growth in APME, which has been slower than expected but built great backlog. So that will be an upswing for this year. As well as Latin America, where we had a couple of projects slip from last year into this year, we believe that will also be stronger growth. So that will offset kind of the tough comparables that North America and EA will be fighting against this year.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay, but for the first quarter, it really sounds sort of -- or what I'm hearing is, in the fourth quarter, your group and Gino's group really tightened up your review of that 80% visibility. And along with the combination of new orders that came in, it really caused you to reevaluate, I guess, your first -- or you guys have given quarterly guidance before, but that's just causing, I guess, the blip or the way the investors are seeing the first quarter, I should say.
Mark F. Moon: It is the late flow of the orders that we really didn't have visibility to till they came in, but again, the volume of that, it happens in the fourth quarter, our largest quarter ever, almost $3 billion of orders. And it is to -- speaking to Greg's comment on confidence, we have definitely instituted much more rigor in process for the bottoms-up buildup that gives us higher confidence both in the current quarter and for the guidance that we're giving for the full year.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any closing or additional remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. I'd like to remind everyone that details outlining the highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our website. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available shortly after this call. As mentioned at the outset, during the call, we made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include but are not limited to comments and answers relating to the following topics: outlook on operating cash flow; sales by business and region; op margin; op expense; gross margin; EPS; the amount of other income and expense; future tax rates, pension expense and cash contributions; impact of trends in our Enterprise business; impact of the migration of customers from analog to digital; timing of impact of new products, solutions and services introductions; impact of improvements to our cost structure on operating leverage and cash generation; impact of long-term contracts on future revenue. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause and, in some cases, have caused such differences can be found in this morning's press release, on Pages 8 through 12; and item 1-A of our 2012 annual report on Form 10-K; and Motorola Solutions' other SEC filings. Thanks, and we look forward to speaking with you all again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Gino A. Bonanotte - Interim Chief Financial Officer Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss third quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Gino Bonanotte, Corporate Vice President and Acting CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations. Greg and Gino will review our results along with commentary, and Mark will join for the Q&A portion of the call. Earlier this morning, we posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. It is important to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I would like to now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. And good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Today, we reported third quarter sales of $2.1 billion, a decrease of 2% from last year. Sales in Government declined 4% while Enterprise sales increased 2%. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $1.16 per share compared to $0.72 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $1.32 compared to $0.84 per share in Q3 of last year. For the remainder of this call, we will reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. As I share our results for the quarter, I think there are 3 key themes I'd like to emphasize. First, we drove improved operating margins in both businesses as a result of solid gross margins and lower operating expenses, and we remain on track to deliver on our 18% operating margin target for the full year. Second, the Government business remains very solid, coming off last year's record levels, with strength in Europe, strength in U.S. state and local, and that is despite weaker-than-expected U.S. federal sales. This business is very well positioned for growth in Q4, with record backlog. Third, our Enterprise business is showing signs of improvement, despite a muted spending environment in our key markets and verticals. I'll now turn the call over to Gino to provide additional details on our Q3 results, and then I'll return to further discuss the quarter.
Gino A. Bonanotte: Thanks, Greg. In Q3, we continued our focus on driving margin improvement and operational discipline. Although we saw an expected top line decline in the quarter, we remain encouraged regarding our position in both businesses. In terms of the quarter, Q3 total company sales declined 2%. Third quarter Government sales were $1.5 billion, a decrease of 4% from the prior year quarter. In the Europe and Africa region, we saw double-digit growth, driven by large project rollouts and our expanded device portfolio in TETRA. In North America, results were mixed. We experienced strong strength in state and local government, offset by weakness in our federal sales. We did not see the typical ramp that corresponds with a federal fiscal year-end. In addition, we saw significantly lower-than-normal U.S. federal orders and RFP activity in September. Turning to margins. We posted operating margins in the Government segment of 20.4%, which were flat with Q3 2012. Improved operating expenses offset the anticipated decline in revenues and corresponding gross margins. Enterprise revenues increased 2% to $647 million. Excluding the impact of Psion and iDEN, Q3 revenues declined 4% compared to high single- and low double-digit declines over the past 4 quarters. As Greg mentioned, we believe this business is stabilizing, and we are encouraged by continued customer engagement and trials for our expansion products. Operating margins in the Enterprise business improved 290 basis points from 12.2% to 15.1%. Higher sales volume, stable gross margins and lower OpEx contributed to the margin increase. For the total company, operating expenses were $659 million, which is down $50 million or 170 basis points from the year-ago quarter. Approximately $20 million of this decrease comes from structural cost improvements while the balance is attributable to lower variable or incentive payments this year. While I'm pleased with our efforts to reduce operating costs year-to-date, we continue to actively drive operating leverage, which remains a high priority. Given the actions that we have undertaken this year, we expect Q4 operating expenses of approximately $50 million lower than the prior year quarter. Overall operating earnings for the third quarter were $397 million, 18.8% of sales, compared to $387 million or 18% in Q3 2012. This represents an 80-basis-point improvement as a result of our continued focus on operating expense management. Other income and expense was a net expense of $18 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $13 million in Q3 of 2012. This expense was approximately $20 million lower than we expected due to the timing of gains on several investments within our ventures portfolio during the quarter. We continue to expect this line item to be an expense of approximately $40 million per quarter going forward. Our effective tax rate was 7% for the quarter. The third quarter effective tax rate was favorably impacted by $96 million of net tax benefit associated with excess foreign tax credits on undistributed foreign earnings. This benefit was a result of actions taken earlier this year to implement the foreign holding company structure we announced in May. Based on our current outlook, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 10% to 11% for the full year 2013, approximately 13% for Q4. In 2014, we expect our ongoing effective tax rate to return to 32% to 33%. Moving to cash flow. Cash generated by operating activities in the third quarter of 2013 was $152 million compared to $182 million in the third quarter of 2012. For the full year, we expect cash flow from operations of approximately $800 million. We ended the quarter with $2.9 billion in total cash and $2.5 billion in debt. With respect to capital return, we repurchased $425 million or 7.5 million shares at an average price of $56.60 per share. As a reminder, we have approximately $2.1 billion remaining under our current share repurchase authorization. In addition to repurchase activity, we paid $69 million in dividends during the quarter. Now turning to our outlook. With the ongoing uncertainty around the U.S. federal business, our full year outlook is for sales to be approximately flat to last year. We remain on track for operating margins of approximately 18% for the year and expect non-GAAP earnings per share of $4.63 to $4.70 per share. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Gino. In Government, public safety continues to be a priority for our customers, and with over 60% of the public safety networks deployed still using analog technology, the opportunity for steady growth continues as customers migrate to digital. Our mission-critical customers expect technology that is intuitive, easy to deploy, interoperable and future-proof. Over 20 years ago, we released the ASTRO 25, the world's first narrowband digital public safety radio network. And today, we continue to innovate around the open P25 standard, and this quarter, we will release our latest version of ASTRO 25 digital infrastructure. In fact, in Q4 we have over 100 million in shippable backlog associated with this major release that offers a seamless migration path and improved serviceability and scalability, including future LTE upgrades. Our Astro business declined single digits compared with last year's double-digit growth, while subscriber revenues remained flat with last year's record levels. We won 2 very large Astro awards in Q3, LA-RICS in California for $280 million and Queensland, Australia for over $200 million. Both of these contracts span 15 years. These key wins were the result of years of planning and execution, and they represent the trust and partnership customers have in us for their mission-critical needs. We also received another large award for $52 million for Phase 3 of the State of Maryland's mission-critical radio system, and the city of Indianapolis signed a 10-year $29 million service agreement for their ASTRO system. Fulton County, Georgia with a $20 million award is investing in our latest P25 offering to replace their existing Motorola trunked radio system, which has been in service since 1992. And Franklin County in Ohio placed an $8 million order to join the Ohio statewide Motorola ASTRO system for their first responders. Other notable awards at a local level included the City of Arlington, Texas, for $11 million; the City of Portland, Oregon for $18 million. In Canada, we won several contracts, including a contract together with Bell Mobility to supply the province of Nova Scotia with an ASTRO 25 network, APX subscribers and 10 years of lifecycle services. And the Québec government selected us for a multimillion-dollar contract that includes APX radios and dispatch consoles. In addition, we won a $17 million contract with the City of Montréal, which includes APX radios with installation and 10 years of maintenance. And on the command and control application side of the business, Prince George's County, Maryland awarded us a $9 million contract to implement our PremierOne computer-aided dispatch system. Our TETRA business grew double digits, driven by subscriber shipments and higher services. We recently migrated the Norwegian public safety network onto our latest TETRA platform. And a new award from the Norwegian fire and health agencies represents a 7,000-unit expansion for users on this system. In Germany, we shipped over 20,000 TETRA handsets to the Ministry of Interior. We also delivered 7 million of TETRA software to a country in the Middle East and received a $22 million order from a large country in North Africa. We continue to win significant competitive awards in China, demonstrating the competitiveness of our TETRA solution. This quarter, we received orders from Shanxi provincial police for $15 million and Wuxi Metro Police for $2 million. TETRA continues to be the leading technology choice among rail customers as well, globally. And this quarter, we won multimillion-dollar awards with Delhi Metro in India, as well as Dalian Metro and Chengdu Metro in China. Our professional and commercial radio business declined compared to the year ago quarter, driven primarily by lower sales in North America. However, we believe that we're gaining share in this market with our best-in-class digital portfolio, and we continue to invest for growth. For example, we introduced MOTOTRBO Anywhere, a new complement to our digital PCR portfolio, which demonstrates the power of interoperability between public and private networks. MOTOTRBO Anywhere now enables an installed base of millions of MOTOTRBO radio users to communicate with smartphone users for secure business-critical communications. We continue to invest in LTE, which represents an important part of our future. Over the last 3 years and since we first teamed with Ericsson in an exclusive LTE partnership, we've been developing features and products for public safety's unique LTE requirements. In the U.S., we continue to work closely with FirstNet to ensure the successful development and implementation of an interoperable public safety broadband network that meets the needs of first responders. On the device side, we recently added a version of the LEX 700 mission-critical handheld on the Android 4.2 Jelly Bean operating system. LEX 700 is designed to work on Band Class 14 private-public Safety LTE networks, as well as commercial cellular networks and 802.11 WiFi. We also recently collaborated with Verizon to deliver the VML 700 vehicular modem, which is designed to operate on LTE-based public safety broadband networks, including FirstNet and Verizon's commercial network. These devices could be used on public networks and then migrate to private networks as they're built. Our commitment to innovation was evident at the recent APCO show in Anaheim, California, where we introduced a new solution to protect firefighters using APX radios to monitor air tank information at the command center and a new enhanced data channel for the ASTRO system specifically designed for improved GPS and telemetry. We continue to create a path for our customers to transition from analog systems to digital. For example, we introduced a new migration path for customers still using a legacy version of our analog systems, which is now over 15 years old. These users can now enjoy the benefits of new digital technology using SmartX-enabled systems, made possible with trunking simulcast and repeater functionality. This enables existing radios in the fleet to interoperate with the latest digital radios, such as our APX radio subscriber. Moving on to the Enterprise. Sales increased 2% in our Enterprise business. When excluding iDEN and excluding Psion, the business declined 4%, which is still an improvement over the last several quarters. Enterprise mobile computing increased low-single digits, and together with Psion actually increased double digits, while our WLAN product business declined. Scale, innovation, customization and domain expertise are key differentiators for us in Enterprise. Integration with legacy applications is also critically important for our customers, many of whom have made millions of dollars in back-office investments. In areas where customer preference for Android in the Enterprise has emerged, we intend to lead this transition, along with the products and application development tools. For example, we continue to invest in R&D to adapt, enhance, integrate and secure the Android operating system to make it truly enterprise-ready with our recent Mx Extensions, which ship on all of our Android-based devices. Our software teams have added our suite of enterprise-grade security, device management and performance extensions, and we've launched mobile computers running Jelly Bean, the most popular version of Android, supported by our new Mx Extensions in RhoMobile One of our core Enterprise mobile computing products, the MC67, will soon be available on Android. While an entirely new device, the TC55, will launch on Jelly Bean later this month. The TC55 is a pocket-sized touch computer, which merges the features of a traditional Enterprise class mobile computer with the form factor and functionality of a smartphone. We're also helping customers and partners transition applications with our fourth-generation of RhoMobile, a development platform that enables applications to run on any operating system. And meanwhile, we will continue to execute on our dual OS strategy and continue our work with Microsoft. One continued area of strength this year in Enterprise is with Asia Pac, Middle East, where sales grew double digits. We attribute this in part to improved sales coverage within the region, as well as a stronger product portfolio with the addition of the MC2100 and MC45, coupled with our services differentiation. In China, we are growing in Enterprise by double digits while maintaining margins. We were awarded a contract from Blue Dart in India for mobile device management, this solution will enable Blue Dart to accelerate their pace of automation and equip one of the largest field delivery workforces in India with thousands of our MC65 devices. We signed 2 large multimillion-dollar deals with TNT, a leading global international courier company based in Europe. One deployment is in France and the other one is in Italy, and both are for our MC67 mobile computers to equip the company's field operations. In The Netherlands, we received a multimillion-dollar contract award from Jumbo Supermarkets for our MC17s to improve their customer satisfaction and increase customer loyalty with their self-scanning solution. This complements our recently developed smart badges, which have also been successfully implemented in Jumbo Supermarkets as well. Interest in our expanded Enterprise portfolio continues, as evidenced by our over 100 trial deployments among new expansion products, like the Android-based MC40 and the MP6000, our first-ever bioptic scanner. In general, conversion on these pilots to large-scale rollouts continues to take more time as customers take longer to evaluate new form factors and operating systems. One of our largest awards to date for the MC40 is from a large retailer in western Europe this quarter, with a $4 million contract for these devices to improve their customer service and replenishment operations. Examples of other customers who've begun to roll out our MC40 include a chain of discount variety stores in Australia and a nationwide crafts retailer in the U.S. deploying MC40 Android devices to deliver a better in-store customer experience. Moving on to the regional results this quarter for the total company. North America revenues declined 6%, with single-digit declines in both Government and Enterprise. Latin America was down 5%, driven by Enterprise while Government was flat. Europe and Africa was up 13%, with double-digit growth in both Government and Enterprise. Asia Pac, Middle East declined 3%, with continued double-digit growth in Enterprise, along with a single-digit decline in Government. Total service sales were up single digits over last year Q3. The Queensland award for over $200 million represents another important Managed Services win for us in Australia, and a $16 million upgrade of State of Colorado's Pikes Peak regional network represents one of our largest comprehensive lifecycle management agreements to date. We continue also to see healthy interest in our Real-time Crime Center solution, which integrates mission-critical voice with real-time streaming video, together with access to arrest records, photos and other multimedia inputs. One example is the creation of a new operation center by the State of Illinois' Attorney's Office and local businesses, which incorporates our Real-time Crime Center applications to assist with fighting both financial and retail crimes. Since launching this services-led offering earlier this year, we have booked $20 million in orders. Our Mobility Lifecycle Management capabilities were a key differentiator also in a recent agreement with Yodel, a leading parcel delivery company in the U.K. They agreed to a multiyear strategic partnership worth in excess of $10 million for deployment of over 7,000 Enterprise mobile computers, including our MC67 and MC45, as part of a mobile lifecycle solution to support their delivery network. So let me wrap up with some closing comments. I am encouraged by our Q3 results for several reasons. First, in Government, we have the strongest product portfolio in our history, record backlog, and we expect the Government business to return to growth in Q4. We're making excellent progress on delivering Managed Services solutions and next-generation applications for our customers, and this business is very well positioned going forward. Second, in Enterprise, we are seeing signs of improvement. We remain #1 in all of our major product categories. Backlog is up, and we will continue to take actions that strengthen our go-to-market focus and overall capabilities, and we're making investments in solutions that best serve our customers and their industry-specific requirements. Third, our team has moved swiftly and thoughtfully with respect to streamlining our cost structure to match the current demand environment. These actions will position us well in terms of driving operating leverage now and down the road. And while we've made some tough decisions with respect to lowering costs, we remain fully committed to growth and are appropriately balancing the need to reduce expenses with the need to make targeted investments for future growth.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, could you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you first on the recent headcount reductions that were in the press. Was that part of the $50 million cost-reduction plan that you announced last quarter? Or was that incremental? And along those lines, are you still targeting a 19% operating margin for next year?
Gregory Q. Brown: Simona, yes, those actions were part of the $50 million that we described in expected annualized savings for next year. And at this point, yes, we are also targeting a 19% operating margin for next year as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Pierre Ferragu with Sanford C. Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: If I look at your Enterprise business, what I understand from your comments is that you're clearly turning the corner in mobile computing. And beyond, like, the structural decline in iDEN, your only area where performance is still a bit disappointing is wireless LAN, and that's also a segment where you're clearly not #1. You have like a very small market share, it's also a segment where the market has gotten much more competitive lately. So I have 2 questions. The first one is I would assume that this is a market that will, at some point, need some consolidation, and so how do you think about that? And my second question would be, if we look at WLAN at the moment, what's happening there? You mentioned, 6 months ago, a change in business, where you were moving towards services. So how do you see the future of this business unit if you keep it as a part of Motorola Solutions? And how do you think about considering alternative strategic directions than keeping it internally going forward?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, Pierre, thanks for the questions. First of all, we're pleased generally with the performance in the Enterprise business in Q3. I love the fact that the Enterprise business, for the first time in 4 or 5 quarters, returned to growth of 2%. As I mentioned, the Enterprise mobile computing business is up single digits, and with Psion, it's up double digits. Our market share position remains very strong, and we're #1 in those key categories. And we're pleased with the business and as well as the pipeline and the engagement around the discussions for mobile computing. We also are -- I think Girish and his product team have done a really nice job on the new products that just are rolling out this month on Android Jelly Bean. As it relates to WLAN, it was down in the face of market growth. As I've mentioned, I do think we had some reasonable Managed Services deals in the quarter, and I like the pipeline and the funnel at this point in time in terms of where we are with customers. When you look at the verticals that we're particularly strong in, like retail and transportation and logistics, the WLAN business is a leader. You're right, we're still transitioning from product to more of a Managed Services-like offering. And there's more work to do, and we're not where we need to be. So we know what we need to do, and we are absolutely focused to not only growing this business but positioning it for sustainable growth in the long term.
Operator: We'll go next to Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, in Q4 guidance, you specifically said Government should be up year-over-year. How should we think about Enterprise? Should that make it back to something flattish or will it still be a decline in your view?
Gregory Q. Brown: For the quarter, we expect Government to return to growth. And on the Enterprise side, I think it is slightly down for the quarter. That's the composition that we're looking at.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then, Gino, can you give us an update on kind of the free cash flow we should expect for this year? And then maybe the puts and takes as we think about next year's free cash flow, some of the headwinds this year that might go away, that would be helpful. And then, Greg, kind of an update commentary on kind of the Microsoft OS strategy in the Enterprise. Obviously, you guys seem to be bringing out a lot of new Android products. Where do you think your other OS partner is in terms of updating the OS for something a little more touch-centric and these rugged applications?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, let me take the second one first, Tavis. On Microsoft and our overall software strategy, I'm pleased with Girish and the product team because they're doing a fantastic job on Android, and we're rolling out a number of new products on Android Jelly Bean 4.2. In addition to that, we've also announced Mx or Motorola Extension, which is enterprise-grade services around device management, enterprise application control, power management, multiuser log-ins. So I think we're really well positioned on Android. Of course, we have the RhoMobile solution, which is an HTML5 solution that's agnostic of the operating system. And in terms of Microsoft, our expectation is that they would deliver an updated release of the operating system sometime to us midyear, by which we would then follow on with product availability after that point in time.
Gino A. Bonanotte: And Tavis, on cash flow, we expect operating cash flow of $800 million for the year. Just a couple -- some commentary on cash flow. Certainly, from my first day, there's been a focus, primary focus on cash. We talked about, in the last call, $150 million of risk to the cash flow number. Clearly, going through the components, working capital components, as well as balance sheet components, that risk has materialized. And also reflected in the $800 million is the expectation of approximately flat revenue, weakness around federal, uncertainty around federal driving the approximately flat revenue number, as well as some timing on some large projects. So our expectation is $800 million of operating cash flow for the year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have 2 questions. First of all, strategically, if you look at your position globally, I believe it was earlier in the year that you had some international challenges, specifically in Asia. Can you update us in that? And also let us know if the political changes in China has had any impact on your business at all or if it just really didn't? And then the second question is, can you help us understand the importance of keeping the wireless LAN business? And the reason why -- and I don't expect you to dispel every rumor out there or trade blog about your company, but there was some -- several sources picking up that you guys would be potentially considering selling it. And sometimes, if that information is accurate out there, it can actually be detrimental to the business as competitors use that as a doorknocking opportunity.
Gregory Q. Brown: Let me take China and WLAN, and then I'll turn it over to Mark for Asia. In China, Jim, we're pleased with our performance to date. Our overall revenue is up. Government is up, as well as Enterprise is up. And I think the Enterprise business, in particular, has done a very good job growing strongly in the face of increased competition, and yet we're holding our margins. And I think it's a testimonial to the quality of the product portfolio. TETRA, in particular, has done very well, in particular on rail applications, given the best-in-class mission-critical characteristics of TETRA. So China has actually been a bright spot. Now obviously, it will get more competitive going forward. There's efforts to localize certain standards by which we would expect to work very closely with the Chinese government and participate in the rollout and deployment of those standards. So I think China has been, overall, a bright spot for us so far this year. On WLAN, you're right, there's been speculation, and rhetoric, I'm not going to get into that. You know that we -- it's been an area of focus for us for some time. By the way, I think -- I still think in a stare-and-compare, we have one of the best product portfolios in the industry, supplemented by very good intellectual property. And the WLAN business, as I mentioned, is really strong in retail and transportation, logistics and priority verticals that we're pretty strong in. In terms of Asia, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Mark F. Moon: So Jim, as you mentioned, we've been talking about our performance in Asia all year. We talked about we were disappointed coming into the year. We made a number of structural changes. We came in with very low backlog, particularly on the Government side, and we talked about a decline in Q1 of 20%, Q2 of 10%. Actually, we had hoped to get back roughly flat in this quarter. We did not accomplish that. We still declined single digits. So improvement over the previous 2 quarters, but still some decline. The point that's important for me, I also talked about, though, while we were improving this business that we would continue to show signs of increased backlog. And in fact, in this quarter, our backlog position in Asia has improved over $200 million. Driven, of course, by Queensland, but also growth beyond the Queensland, Australia award, which I think is very positive. I do think, in Q4, we will get back to growth. And certainly, Asia Pacific and the Middle East is a growth region for us. So we're putting all the things in place to continue to grow backlog, to continue to get the right coverage and the right places for the growth areas, and we're expecting good solid growth as we go into next year. Again, as Greg mentioned, China has been a bright spot across the board. Enterprise throughout Asia has been bright all the way through, continues to show good strong growth. And so we do see momentum building. And in fact, as Greg mentioned, pleased with China because, to date, we've got very good double-digit growth in Enterprise, single-digit growth in Government and really, we'll be high-single-digits to low-double-digit growth for the full year in China.
Operator: We'll go next to Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: A question for Greg, just one on, basically, visibility and growth. It looks like, this year, you're not going to grow both your core businesses organically. I know there's lots of reasons, there difficult comps in Government, you've had some issues in Enterprise, up until now, it looks like. But could you just speak about the visibility into next year that you have? Is this a business that can go back to its long-term growth rate in 2014? What are the puts and takes around it? Especially considering, it looks like the public safety LTE revenue opportunity, if anything, is probably a 2015 issue completely now, or would you agree with that or disagree? Anything you're thinking about visibility and the business being able to go to even a mid-single-digit growth rate at some point?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Kulbinder, kind of when you look at our business in composite, obviously, we're guiding to approximately flat for the full year. If you look at the Enterprise business, as I mentioned, I'm pleased with the fact that it's grown for the first time in several quarters. Psion has been a good acquisition that helps on that front and extend the product portfolio on the Enterprise mobile computing side. Backlog is up. And I'm not going to get into the composition of growth expectations for 2014. That's something that we'll dimensionalize in January. But it is certainly fair to say that we expect the firm, in total, to grow in 2014. I'm really pleased with where we are in Government, coming off of a record level last year, backlog position, margin position, product portfolio position. We do expect the Government business to return to growth in Q4. And to your point on LTE, while it's been elongated in the U.S., we're really well positioned given the infrastructure, device and software that we expect to deploy for interoperable public safety broadband, working very closely with FirstNet. And also internationally, we've mentioned the fact that LTE is not just a domestic opportunity. I think the Middle East, in particular, will be the most likely countries that deploy or begin to deploy in '14. We will have an expectation for some revenue contribution in LTE in 2014. Too early to tell you what that will be. We'll update that in January. But I -- as rugged a year as it's been, I think we're really well positioned in -- because we've made investments in the product portfolio. The business, in total, will return to growth. We've taken the tough decisions to size it appropriately and demonstrate that irrespective of top line growth, we can perform on the operating margin and operating leverage lever. And I think it -- I'm looking forward to a better year in 2014.
Operator: And we'll go next to Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: On that same topic, for 2014, when I think about your 19% operating margin guidance for the year, how do you think about the opportunity on cost cuts still in front of you given that you've -- the actions that you've already taken?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I think that we've done a lot of cost reductions to date, and activities have been launched throughout the year to reflect the more muted demand environment. I always believe that we should always look to size the organization appropriately. So I don't think of cost cutting as an event, I think it's in the ongoing DNA to operate more effectively and efficiently and drive increased productivity in the firm, and I think we've demonstrated that. That said, I believe that the easiest path forward and the most likely path to the approximately 19% will be in the top line growth, since a lot of the chopping of wood on the expense side is more in the rearview mirror. That's my view.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then just one follow-up. I think, Greg, in your prepared remarks you made the comment that the Enterprise business was down 4%, including iDEN and Psion. And in the press release, it said that Enterprise was down 5% excluding Psion. So I guess that implies that the iDEN business was actually up year-over-year in Q3. And I was just wondering, were there any sort of maybe onetime payments related to the shutoff of the Sprint network. And then I think you've made comments recently that it will be $75 million next year. So wondering when we should see that step down.
Gregory Q. Brown: So just a couple of things, and you mentioned it. iDEN will be about $185 million this year. We do expect it to be approximately $75 million in 2014. Enterprise grew 2% all-in for Q3. But without-without, without iDEN and without Psion, it's down 4%, negative 4%. That's still, on an apples-to-apples basis, without-without, an improved trajectory over the previous several quarters on the Enterprise side.
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So can we talk a little about -- a couple of things. FirstNet, we were at the FirstNet event in Washington a couple of weeks ago. And it was certainly notable, Alcatel-Lucent and Nokia Siemens in terms of their vocalness in wanting to participate in that effort. Can you talk a little bit about your view on FirstNet in terms of timing? How do you see the competitive environment? Do you see it more nationally awarded versus local, which is, I think, your preference?
Gregory Q. Brown: So first of all, we continue to work really closely with FirstNet. In particular, in the last several months, I think we've had very good traction and engagement. Mark Hacker, who runs our global government affairs organization, who happens also to be the General Counsel, has been the lead executive over the last several months as the point of contact with FirstNet, and I think he's done a hell of a good job. I've stayed very closely in touch with Sam Ginn as well. And more tactically, in the short term, we're working closely with FirstNet to see if there's a path forward on BayRICS, which was an early BTOP award winner and where some of the network has been built out, as well as Mississippi, which is also an early BTOP recipient and where over 2/3 of the network has been complete. So we're looking for ways -- Motorola Solutions and FirstNet, working very closely together to see if we can complete and get positioned, terms and conditions and a set of -- basically, conditions that complete BayRICS and the State of Mississippi. We remain engaged outside the U.S., particularly in the Middle East, on a couple of fronts. I think from a competitive standpoint, Brian, we're as good as positioned as we've ever been. I think it's actually stronger than it was a year ago, given the investments we've made in infrastructure, software and, in my prepared remarks, examples of refreshing the LEX 700 and the VML vehicular modem on Verizon. Ericsson has been a fantastic partner, where we have about 7 or 8 years left in that agreement. We're taking their base station, so not investing in it in the wireless RAN component. We're hardening it and integrating it interoperably in an end-to-end solution for a private-public partnership around LTE. And Verizon has been a very good partner on the commercial side from a carrier standpoint in the U.S. So I think NSN and Alcatel-Lucent will do their thing, and I respect both firms, but I feel very good about where we are.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, briefly, if you look into Q4 on the Enterprise side, how do you see the business x Psion and x iDEN in terms of sequential growth?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think we see it slightly down in Q4 where, commensurately, we see Government returning to growth in about the mid-single-digit range for Q4.
Operator: And we'll go next to Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: A question for you on the Enterprise segment. I noticed as I looked at the press release that there was no significant wins in the U.S. Do I attribute that to the overall market conditions in the U.S.? Or is there still a hesitancy, with some of your large customers waiting on the operating system issue from Windows? And will the U.S. see more of a headwind with that than perhaps other geographies?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. I think the Enterprise results reflect what we've talked about with a combination of customers deferring large purchases or chunking up bigger orders into smaller orders. So I think the results are consistent with the environment that we described. And I don't know if you want to add anything, Mark.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. I think, Keith, we've been talking about the delayed large projects. Run rate has been fairly consistent, and that's still proving to be the case. I would also say we talked about some notable wins even in the WLAN business, and some of the major retailers in the U.S. also did not like to be mentioned in releases as well. So there's good activity, good pilot activity that's going on, but, no doubt, particularly in the U.S., more than any other region, large deployments are continuing to be pushed later into this year and on into next year.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay, great. Appreciate it. And changing gears, I think, slightly over to the federal side. You guys noted weakness in the federal side in the quarter. Would you think it was related in part to the upcoming budget issues that happened in October? Or was there something else weighing there and perhaps some of that potential revenue pushed off, the RFPs and such?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think -- and Mark can jump in as well. I think it was related to the budget standoff and the 16-day government shutdown. There was definitely a change in the month of September. We didn't -- we saw significantly lower normal orders and RFP activity in September, and we did not see the typical ramp that corresponds with the federal fiscal year-end close, which was, basically, the end of Q3. So we saw basically $100 million reduction in our second half of the year forecast that's reflected in our approximately flat full year guidance, definitely a change. And the federal business is down pretty sharply from this year compared to last year.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: So did that businesses just not materialize? I mean, or is it deferred, you think?
Gregory Q. Brown: My view is it largely will not materialize, so we'll adjust accordingly. I don't think it's deferred and something that we can close in Q4, Q1. I basically think it's largely gone.
Operator: And we'll go next to Peter Misek with Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a clarification question, firstly, on working capital. Obviously, on your slide, you gave a range. But if we look at the amount that AP increased and the amount that inventory and AR increased, can you help us understand how we should think of working capital management sort of on a longer-term basis? If I look at your intensity on a bunch of metrics basis, it seems elevated, so I'd love a clarification there. And then, can you give us an update on your net cash position as it relates to guidance you gave us, that you wanted to go to a net debt position in terms of capital redeployment?
Gino A. Bonanotte: All right. Thanks, Peter. Thanks for the question. This is Gino. With respect to working capital, as I mentioned, we've been digging into all the components of working capital. Have instituted many actions, many of which have not borne fruit yet in Q3. But if I were to break them up individually, inventory remains on track. We're pleased with our performance around inventory at around 9 turns. DPO, we clearly saw degradation in Q2. We have implemented several action plans around DPO based on timing of payments and terms for customers that have -- or I'm sorry, vendors that have multiple terms, and we believe that by the end of Q4, inventory and DPO will be similar to year ending 2012. AR, there are a couple of things that are happening in AR. The Q3 AR has been impacted -- it kind of gets back to the discussion we had on POC. There are several billings that occurred in Q3 for payment in Q4 on some large milestone projects in POC that drove a couple of days in the DSO calculation for Q3. But we expect -- in our $800 million, we expect DSO -- and have action plans in place to get the DSO to be approximately flat year-over-year. So working capital -- from a CCC perspective, working capital approximately flat to last year. With respect to net debt position, we continue to be on track to get to a net debt position in 2014.
Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Any change in terms of the absolute level of net debt that you guys are forecasting or targeting?
Gino A. Bonanotte: No.
Operator: And our last question comes from Tim Long with BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two of them here. Just to follow that up on the net cash. Could you talk a little bit about the capital return? Any change or slowdown required in that -- in the buyback heading into next year as you get into the net debt position? And then, secondly, Greg, back to the Government. You did, I think, highlight that Europe was pretty strong in the quarter. Maybe give us a little sense as to why you think that was and how sustainable you think that could be as we look into next year.
Gregory Q. Brown: Tim, thanks. On capital allocation, no change of strategy or view. I think that we clearly believe it's front and center and critical as a key component to drive shareholder return. You've seen the levels of buyback for Q1, Q2, Q3. So far, I think, at this point, they are reasonable reference points for how we think about share repurchase. In terms of Europe, Mark, I don't know your view.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. Europe and actually, Europe and Africa, which is the region but -- has been very strong for us all year. In fact, year-to-date, we're actually double-digit growth in Government, and we're expecting double-digit growth in Q4 in Government as well. So the Government business continues to remain very, very strong. And as the Enterprise business, as we talked about, has returned as well, so we're not seeing the dips like we saw in North America. I think it would be probably unrealistic to think that, that double-digit Government growth would continue on, but with that -- into next year, but we'll give you that further guidance. The important thing to note is that large projects are happening, even in Europe itself, Norway, German MOI, big countries were getting very good growth. And in northern Africa, we've made really, really good traction with a couple of large projects, and we're continuing to invest throughout Africa for future growth. So the European team, I'm very pleased with how they performed, where we're positioned, our backlog position. Even as you talk about strong growth for Q4, we actually have secured the 4 or 5 big projects. They're in backlog to achieve that growth. So making really good headway, not only on recognizing revenue, but continuing to hold backlog relatively stable as we're going through this strong growth period. So I think we continue to see good signs for Europe.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Tim. So I would just say -- in closing, I want to thank, in particular, all of the associates worldwide of Motorola Solutions. It's been a challenging year in a tough environment, but I think the team has worked closely together and people around the globe have performed well. I think that moving forward, we are very clear and committed to returning the firm to growth. We're committed to improving operating leverage going forward, and we will continue to take steps to drive superior shareholder return. So decent Q3, we're looking for a better 2014. I appreciate everybody dialing in, and we'll talk soon.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. I want to remind everyone the details outlining highlighted items. Our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our motorolasolutions.com Investor Relations site. Audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on the site shortly after the conclusion of this call. As mentioned at the outset, during this call we made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, comments and answers related to the following: future sales growth, including by business, region and product; operating expense and operating margins; EPS outlook; the amount of other income expense; future tax rates and tax benefits as a result of our new holding company structure; operating cash flow; share repurchases and dividends; the impacts of migration of customers from analog to digital; timing impact of new products and solution introductions, including OS transitions; recovery of our Enterprise business; management of our cost structure, working capital and resulting savings; demand trends for our businesses and products; activity within FirstNet; and our net debt position. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause and, in some cases, have caused such differences can be found in this morning's press release on pages 8 through 12 and Item 1-A of our 2012 Annual Report, on Form 10-K and in Motorola Solutions' other SEC filings. Thanks, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Asiya Merchant Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss second quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations. Greg and Ed will review our results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for the Q&A session. Earlier this morning, we posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. It's important for you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I'd like to now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Solid results in Q2 Government helped to succeed our earnings outlook, while our Enterprise business declined, resulting in overall sales at the lower end of our outlook. As I think about the quarter, there are 4 key messages: First, weakness in Enterprise continued; second, our Government business remained strong over record results last year; third, we're still targeting 18% operating margin for the full year; and finally, our overall confidence in these businesses is reflected by our announcement today of a $2 billion increase in our share repurchase authorization, along with a 19% increase in our dividend. In Enterprise, we expected improvement this quarter, but that didn't happen. While we continue to have positive dialogue with customers, along with additional user trials for our expansion products, we still have yet to see a meaningful pickup in sales conversion and large Enterprise deals. This demand environment we face in Enterprise is not unique to us, as the broader industry is impacted by customers carefully managing their IT budgets in the face of macro uncertainty. As a result of this environment, we now expect a more modest recovery in this business toward the latter part of the year. Having said that, strategically, our Enterprise business remains well positioned to capture a rebound in Enterprise spending as that occurs. In light of this elongated recovery in Enterprise, we now expect full year sales growth for the total company of approximately flat to up 1%. The Government business continues to perform well, especially when you consider the record revenue and profitability levels from last year. Backlog in Government remains healthy. And both ASTRO and TETRA had solid growth in infrastructures sales, which is typically a leading indicator for future subscriber demand. This business continues to demonstrate its resilient characteristics where incumbency, innovation, support for future migrations and legacy compatibility are important differentiators for Motorola. Our 18% operating margin target for 2013 is unchanged, although clearly our path to achieving it is now primarily driven by Government and proactively taking costs out to offset our lower growth expectations. I'll now turn the call over to Ed to provide additional details on our Q2 results. And then I'll return to discuss the quarter a little bit further.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q2 sales declined 2%. Q2 Government sales were $1.5 billion, a decrease of 1% from the prior year quarter. Operating margins in the Government segment improved 120 basis points from 16.4% to 17.6%. Better gross margins due to mix and lower general and administrative costs led to the improvement in profitability. Enterprise revenues declined 5% to $656 million. Excluding the impact of Psion and iDEN, Q2 revenues declined 9%. Operating margins in the Enterprise business declined from 16% to 11.9%. Lower product sales volume, the addition of Psion and the decline in iDEN drove this margin decrease. Operating expenses were $709 million or 33.7% of revenue, which is flat from the year-ago quarter. We will continue to actively manage our cost structure and invest appropriately based on our business needs, which will include modulating spending in a way that factors in the macro and Enterprise environment. Our operating earnings for the second quarter were $334 million or 15.9% of sales, compared to $350 million or 16.3% in Q2 2012. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $42 million in the quarter, compared to a net expense of $38 million in Q2 2012. We expect this line item to be an expense of approximately $40 million per quarter going forward. Our effective tax rate was negative for the quarter, driven by $118 million of net tax benefits largely as a result of our new international holding company structure, which represents the year-to-date amount of the full year tax benefit. Based on current outlook -- based on our current outlook, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 10% to 13% in Q3 and Q4. After 2013, we expect our ongoing effective tax rate to return to approximately 32% to 33%. Cash generated by operating activities from continuing operations for second quarter was $82 million, as compared to $254 million of cash generated in the second quarter of 2012. Lower cash flow results for the quarter were primarily driven by lower sales and linearity of sales within the quarter. Specifically, we had higher sales in June than the year-ago period, which drove lower AR collections. Lower accounts payable days also contributed to the decline year-over-year. For the full year, we now see risk of up to $150 million to our operating cash flow while compared to last year. This is primarily due to 3 items: First, a lower sales -- lower full year sales outlook; second, $43 million held by the India government, which relates to tax amounts currently under dispute; and third, $25 million to $30 million of incremental restructuring-related actions as we adjust our cost structure to match our lower growth profile. Let me also remind you that as we compare our cash flows with prior year levels, that we expect to pay an incremental $150 million in withholding and other taxes in 2013. These tax payments are aligned with our international holding company strategy that we announced at our Analyst Day in May. We ended the quarter with $3.2 billion in cash and $2.5 billion in debt. With respect to capital return, we repurchased $550 million of stock or 9.5 million shares, at an average price of $57.80 per share. Since we began repurchasing shares in Q3 of 2011, we have bought back $4.5 billion, or 92 million shares, at an average price of $48.62. In addition, we paid $71 million in dividends during the quarter. We remain committed to capital return as part of our capital allocation framework. This morning, we announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.31 per share, which represents a 19% increase over the prior quarterly dividend. We also announced that our board has authorized an increase of $2 billion to our share repurchase program. Now turning to our Q3 and full year outlook. For Q3, we expect sales to be flat to down 3% compared to the third quarter of 2012. Our Q3 outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.97 to $1.02 from continuing operations based on Q2 ending share count, and this incorporates the new effective tax rate of 10% to 13%. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q3 2012 of $0.84 per share. Moving to full year 2013, we now expect sales to be flat to up 1%. We expect Government to grow low-single digits and we now expect a low single-digit decline in Enterprise. In addition, we previously expected favorability from foreign exchange tailwinds in the second half of 2013 based on a more favorable euro rate. However, we have seen significant weakening of the Australian dollar and Japanese yen, as well as weakness in the British pound and now expect an unfavorable FX impact of approximately $30 million in the second half revenues. We remain focused on driving operating leverage and still plan for full year operating margins of approximately 18%. And now I'll turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Ed. As previously stated, Government sales for the quarter declined $8 million from Q2 2012, or 1%. Profitability for the business increased with operating earnings of 17.6% of sales compared to 16.4% in Q2 of last year. In our ASTRO portfolio, total sales declined single digits off of last year's comparable record 20% growth rate. Having said that, new infrastructure -- new system infrastructure sales actually increased over Q2 last year. We had a number of new wins during the quarter, including an $88 million contract with Maricopa County, Arizona to implement a digital radio communications network with coverage across the county. The Phase 2 TDMA network will replace a 15-year-old system and increase capacity with the available spectrum. We also received a $20 million order from the City of Phoenix Regional Wireless Cooperative to upgrade their 13-year-old ASTRO system that serves the interoperable communications needs of first responders and other municipal users in 19 cities, towns and fire districts. In Canada, we were awarded a $28 million contract with the York Region in Toronto to replace a 20-year-old system and another with the City of Québec for $10 million. And Carroll County, Maryland awarded us a contact for a $12 million system upgrade. The P25 standard and our ASTRO portfolio continue to extend beyond North America into over 60 countries. For example, the Taiwan Coast Guard selected us for a $10 million ASTRO system, and the Kuwait Ministry of Defense awarded us a $17 million contract for an upgrade to ASTRO 7.14, our newest infrastructure product scheduled for Q4 release. This latest version of our ASTRO system includes enhanced mission-critical redundancy and a seamless migration path that can be performed with no system downtime. The system architecture is also designed for improved serviceability and scalability, including future LTE upgrades. Mission-critical users expect technology that must be intuitive to use, easy to deploy, interoperable with legacy systems and future-proof. And we continue to innovate around these requirements while tailoring our portfolio for adjacent verticals. For example, Entergy, a large utility in the South is investing in a $44 million ASTRO 25 Phase 2 TDMA network to replace their legacy analog platform. The new system consists of APX radios and dispatch consoles for daily requirements, as well as communications during storm restoration. And the Imperial Irrigation District in the California desert, a community-owned electric and water utility, recently chose us for their ASTRO system. The Port of Seattle's $4 million investment in an ASTRO system this quarter is another example of our radio systems used to secure medical, mission-critical infrastructure. Our TETRA portfolio grew strong double digits in total, driven by new systems and installation. We had several notable wins in TETRA during the quarter as well. In Singapore, the Ministry of Home Affairs recently awarded a contract for a Next Generation Nationwide Network and selected our latest broadband-ready TETRA digital radio technology. The initial phase of the award is valued at $79 million for us and our local consortium partner to deploy the nationwide network, which will serve the police and Singapore Civil Defence Force with a total of 42,000 officers. Other TETRA awards include Entropia Digital, a Dutch network operator serving commercial users such as transportation, utilities and power generation industries, and we had continued success in the rail transportation market, with large awards from Shatin Central rail in Hong Kong for $15 million and Taiwan High Speed Rail for $8 million. At Critical Communications World in Paris, we introduced our next generation of TETRA infrastructure, including the first combined TETRA and LTE base station. This innovative solution is designed to facilitate a cost-effective and staged migration to a unified TETRA and LTE network. It equips network operators for future needs and gives them flexibility to choose when and where to add LTE to their core networks and on which frequency. Our professional and commercial radio sales were down slightly compared to Q2 2012, where we had record double-digit growth. We continue to tier our PCR portfolio around the digital platform. Several years ago, we were the first introduce a digital radio in the professional market and today our MOTOTRBO is the most widely deployed adopted digital platform, with more than 2,000 systems deployed and 2 million units sold globally. We're extending MOTOTRBO and bringing benefits of digital, such as better capacity, coverage and voice quality, to additional tiers as well. This expanded MOTOTRBO lineup will bring digital features to an existing install base that is still about 90% analog today. In terms of new contract awards for PCR, we've seen continued rollout across multiple production facilities in North America for Chrysler utilizing MOTOTRBO, and General Mills is also deploying it for their on-site communications. We continue to invest in applications and control points that are important tools for public safety, like the command center. We released our PremierOne Next Generation 9-1-1 Call Control solution designed to transform incident management operations by integrating CAD and 9-1-1 systems, eliminating data entry for dispatchers during emergency calls and improving their focus and productivity. Another area where public safety is incorporating more technology is in the police vehicle as an integrated communications hub. We recently made a very small but strategic acquisition of 54ward Integrated Solutions, a provider of software and hardware interface components that connect in-vehicle public safety equipment, including radio, light and siren, radar, license place recognition and mobile computing. And our Real-Time Crime Center solution was featured at the recent annual Conference of Mayors in Las Vegas, where their Technology and Innovation Task Force explored the topic of using data and analytics to fight crime. Finally, wrapping up our Government results for the quarter, the business continues to perform well and the demand drivers of an aged legacy infrastructure and its corresponding need for upgrades continue. Now moving on to the Enterprise segment. Sales in Enterprise were $656 million, a decrease of 5% from Q2 of last year. Operating earnings declined to 11.9% of sales from 16% last year, driven by negative leverage from lower sales, Psion sales and lower iDEN revenues. Enterprise sales results were driven by double-digit declines in the enterprise mobile computing portfolio, excluding iDEN, an expected iDEN decline of $31 million, a mid-single-digit decline in data capture and a mid-single-digit decline in WLAN. Our uniqueness in Enterprise is characterized by designing technology around the specific user experiences, whether it's for a truck driver at a logistics company or a manager or customer in a retail store. Integration with legacy applications is also vital for our customers, many of whom have millions of dollars in back-office investments that they intend to leverage. A great example of this is our work that we're doing with Tesco. They continue to rollout our MC17 devices with a $3 million order to expand their scan-as-you-shop program across large-format stores in the U.K. The MC17 also supports their dotcom program, which enables shoppers to have groceries delivered to their door. Tesco is piloting our new SB1 Smart Badge and mobile workforce management software with their customer service teams to improve in-store communication and customer response times. One area of strength for Enterprise this quarter was in Asia Pac, Middle East, where the business grew double digits. We had several new wins in the region, with retailers like Coles Supermarkets for $3 million, Kmart Australia for $2 million. And our new value tier MC2100 positioned us well to win a $3 million award for China Post, and a $1 million order for Deppon Logistics in China. And Australia Post continued their deployment of our MC67 devices with another $5 million order. We've also updated several of our industrial mobile computing products. We recently introduced the MC9200, an expansion to the world's most popular industrial mobile computing product, with more than 2 million devices shipped over the last decade. We also released a new imaging device built on the legacy of our most popular scanner. This next-generation linear imager expands our portfolio to provide another option for retailers looking to read both printed 1D bar codes and electronic bar codes displayed on mobile device screens, a common application for loyalty cards and mobile coupons. We've seen encourage -- encouraging early demand indicators from the channel for this specific product. Two new Psion products are designed for use in cold temperatures, freezers and cold storage environments, which are common in perishable food and medical industries, present some of the most extreme specs for computing hardware. United States Cold Storage recently chose these devices for their requirements. With respect to some of our new expansion products, we've engaged with numerous customer pilots. We remain enthusiastic about the opportunity associated with these products, but the rate of sales conversion has taken longer than we initially anticipated. The Android-based MC40 multifunction device that's designed for inventory management, as well as point-of-sale and voice, had several pilot deployments among major retailers in Europe and North America, while the SB1 is deployed at a major shoe retailer at 130 locations in North America and a pharmacy chain with several locations here in the U.S. We won a $7 million project with Canadian Tire to deploy more than 5,000 of our devices in their stores as a digital hub for an improved customer shopping experience as well. Moving on to the regional results this quarter for the total company. With respect to the Americas, North America sales declined 1% with continued strength in Government, up single digits, while the Enterprise business declined high-single digits in North America. Following a terrific quarter in Q1, Latin America was down 24%, off of a tough compare last year where Government actually grew over 40%. Large deals can drive quarterly variability in this region based on its relative small size. However, we remain confident in the double-digit growth outlook for the full year for Latin America, excluding iDEN. Turning to Europe and Africa, we grew 4%, driven by single-digit growth in both Government and Enterprise. Excluding Psion, the Enterprise business declined double digits. And finally, in Asia Pac and Middle East, sales declined 2%, with a high-single-digit decline in Government and double-digit growth in Enterprise. Sales in China were up double digits. These regional results were consistent with our Q2 expectations as we make progress at returning this region to growth for the full year. I made 2 trips during the quarter to this region, meeting with customers and government officials and our new leadership team, and I'm encouraged about our continued gaining momentum in that area. Our Services line of business grew single digits in Q2. We renewed several significant support agreements for systems, including the East Bay Regional Communications System for $8 million, and a $10 million maintenance agreement with the state of Mississippi for their statewide system that currently provides mission-critical communications to over 17,000 public safety users. Within our Managed Services business, the South Australian Government Radio Network extended their managed network service contract, and U.K. Mail continued to adopt our Mobility Lifecycle Management solution to help monitor, manage and improve the availability of devices deployed across their 52 sites and 2,500 vehicles. This comprehensive solution includes our Enterprise mobile computing devices, combined with life cycle management, enabling the customer to utilize the latest in mobile technology while maintaining a focus on their customers and strategic business objectives. In terms of specific milestones, we continue to implement the Norway contract, with over 200 live sites and best-in-class system availability metrics, since we acquired the prime responsibility in Q1 of 2012. So let me share with you a few closing thoughts as I wrap up our prepared comments on this call. First, I'm proud of our team's ability to execute and meet our Q2 expectations despite record comps in Government last year and a challenging industry environment in Enterprise. Second, we remain committed to innovation and leadership in both our Government and Enterprise business, as we know this is the best way to generate returns for our shareholders over the long term. Third, while there are factors impacting our Enterprise business that we don't control, we're going to work hard on managing the things that we can. And we will be rigorous in driving profitability across the entire company and remain committed to our 18% operating margin target. And fourth, our confidence in our business and our commitment to shareholder return remain strong, as evidenced by today's announcement for a 19% dividend increase and a $2 billion increase in the share repurchase authorization.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, could you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Kulbinder Garcha, Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: First of all, Greg, I guess and Ed, for you, in terms of the guidance, the implied fourth quarter -- toward fourth quarter ramp in sales and operating income is very high. You obviously play with the ranges, but it looks like you're implying that sales would grow maybe 20% quarter-on-quarter, the operating margins would scale to being well over 21%. I know there's those various scenarios that get you to that very high number in Q4, but can you maybe explain what gives you the confidence of that ramp today in terms of order book visibility, customer conversation. However you want to frame that discussion, that would be helpful. And the second question is, I guess for Greg, and I mean this with the greatest respect, forecasting of the Enterprise business has proved very challenging. So can you speak about what you've done now in this new guidance to give us the confidence that we're not going to be here in 3 months' time and maybe that Q4 number gets pulled down?
Gregory Q. Brown: Kulbinder, that's a fair question. I'll take the second part first. At the end of the day, we're disappointed in the performance of the Enterprise business and what we now see is a few things. First, an elongated spending recovery. Second, quite frankly, and we have detailed conversations and engagements with customers, but the conversion of some of these critical engagements are taking longer. In addition to that, I think many customers are taking what we thought would be larger purchases and breaking them into smaller chunks. And quite frankly, and Mark Moon maybe can reference this later in the call as well, we had a number of customers where we still have very good visibility to a deal, and we still believe that we're more likely to win the deal, but not only, Kulbinder, has it slipped out of the quarter, because of tight CapEx spending, some of these customers have deferred until early 2014. And quite frankly, we didn't anticipate that. On the new product side, we still have good engagement on the SB1 and the MC40, the biplane scanner, but quite frankly, some of those are converting to more pilots and trials as opposed to projects and deployments. And then lastly, as Ed referenced in his comments, what we had thought would be FX tailwinds for the second half are now FX or foreign exchange headwinds. So we've taken those into account as we've more thoughtfully guided the second half of the year. And that's where we are.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So on the sales by quarter, the 20%, we could talk to you offline, but the mathematics, it more implies a mid-single digit or a little bit higher, on a comprehensive basis or across both those businesses. Mark can talk to them, but one of the key items, if you look at the biggest business, Government, as we look into the future and we look at our backlog and the aged backlog that we're seeing at this point in time of the year versus this point in time of the year last year, it's up significantly. It's up, I think, over $100 million versus where we were last year, so the confidence in having visibility into the fourth quarter for Government. And as Greg just mentioned, the Enterprise opportunities are still there. We weren't forecasting growth in Enterprise based upon just a general macroeconomic improvement. It was based upon real deals that, as Greg mentioned, pushed out, some of them into Q4, as you mentioned. So we are planning for growth in both Government and Enterprise in Q4, but some of those deals did push out into 2014 and that was the rationale for the guidance coming down. I'll let Mark add any more color there.
Mark F. Moon: I think the details to what Ed just said in total mathematics are correct. If you break it down by segment, if you think about the Enterprise business in fourth quarter and really for the second half in general, it's really -- we're only anticipating normal linearity from first half to second half, I would remind you, coming off of a soft first half. So while it looks to big, it's really normal growth adjusted for normal seasonality, with a bottom's up build. I would also remind you that Q3 and Q4 of the previous year was actually down 10% in each of those quarters without Psion and without iDEN. So we're coming off of a weaker compare as we talk about those particular quarters. In Government, Government is a stronger Q4 and it really is just the loading of projects. When you look at that from a Government perspective, we definitely have been resilient all throughout, as Greg mentioned in his earlier comments. But Q4 in particular has strong aged backlog already. We have good visibility to Q4. In fact, as we entered Q3, we had similar types of backlog already aged into Q4, which we expect to build throughout the quarter. We also have good funnel visibility to the projects that are actually going to happen. And as Greg mentioned in his comment, a major ASTRO infrastructure release, 7.14, which will be our newest infrastructure release, will occur within the quarter. So we really do have good visibility to what we're forecasting for second half and fourth quarter.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So Kulbinder, just one added piece of detail. As you look at it and we look at the ranges of the guidance, if we're at the left side of the range, the down 3%, you'd need to do 7% to get to the right side of the guidance of 1% growth for the full year. If we go flat for the full year and we're down at 3%, we need to grow 2.7% in Q4. So that's how it all kind of comports as we do the mathematics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola, Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just looking at the different pieces of the Government business. You had said TETRA was up double digits for the year. P25, I think it sounds like, was a little soft. But infrastructure, on the whole, was up for the year. When I think about those data points together, I'm wondering, especially when I compare 2013 with 2012 in your Government business, maybe, and the infrastructure being up, is the weakness in the handhelds maybe bigger because of the narrowbanding mandate in 2012? Do you think that maybe more demand was pulled into '12 than you originally thought? And any color there. And I have a follow-up on the PCR business.
Mark F. Moon: So I think in particular, the narrowbanding in North America did have an impact, as we talked about throughout the year, on all of our portfolio, but particularly on the subscriber base. I would describe the subscriber performance for this year as not really being weak, but really coming off of a very strong compare. And as Greg mentioned, we are excited about the infrastructure growth that's still continuing to go, which usually is a indicator for future subscriber add-ons. So all in all, I think your analysis around the narrowbanding in North America, as well as the first push around analog to digital around the world, led to some good strong subscriber sales last year, and we're banging up against that comparable as we look at subscribers sales for this year.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then on the decline in PCR, could you maybe break down a little bit where you are seeing the softness? Is it in your Government customers or Enterprise customers, and maybe what's driving that?
Mark F. Moon: Again, as you think about last year, very strong year for our PCR business, both narrowbanding driven, very similar to the comment you just made on ASTRO, as well as conversion from analog to digital around the world. So as you look at those comparables both ways, the comment I just made earlier, our subscribers are flat year-on-year. And we really expect PCR to be roughly flat year-on-year, so we're still seeing good demand. I think it is coming against the tough comparable that we had the previous year. So we don't really see any fundamental drivers changing in either of those businesses.
Gregory Q. Brown: The only thing I'd add is we saw PCR dip slightly, a little bit in Asia. And I would attribute that primarily due to some factors in Japan. And we are refreshing and tiering some new subscriber PCR products that will begin to be rolled out later this year that I think will improve that individual regional situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt, Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Ed, a couple of clarifications for you, then a big picture one for Greg. In terms of your comments on operating cash flow, can you kind of refresh us of either what the original operating cash flow guidance was for the year, or what we should be thinking about now? And then also on tax rate, I think you mentioned 10% to 13%. Is that the effective tax rate we should expect for Q3 and Q4 or for the full year on an average basis?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Okay, so on cash flow, let me refresh. We had talked about, and what we mentioned at the Financial Analyst Meeting, in general, our model will be to grow operating cash flow in line with net income. At the Analyst Meeting, we had talked about, given the softness in the top line where we work it at -- we took it down from 5% down to previously to the 4% -- 3% to 4%. We had talked about getting cash flow relatively flat year-over-year. That was even with the $150 million of tax payments that we're making aligned with our strategy, our international holdco strategy to reduce ongoing taxes. At this point, given the continued softness in sales, the biggest contributor for the full year will be the lower level of sales that we now expect. With that, we now see $150 million of risk to the full year driven by that top line softness. Second, we had mentioned $43 million of taxes that were seized by the India government that, just given the delays that are taking place there in the courts, there's no guarantee that we'll be able to get that back before the end of the year. The third item that I'd mention relates to the restructuring costs that we've incurred and plan to incur for the rest of the year related to the sizing of the business given the softness in the business. And with that, we expect to pay, as I said, about $25 million to $30 million more of restructuring costs for the full year. So those are the key highlights. So with that, we've guided relatively, to be relatively flat. We do see $150 million of risk related to that for the items that I had just mentioned.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry, the tax rate question?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the tax, it is, it would be -- we're expecting it to be the 10% to 13% for Q3 and Q4. And as I mentioned, for 2014 going forward, we expect the effective tax rate to be in that 32% to 33% range.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then, Greg, I wonder if you could give us kind of a first responder LTE update. Anything noteworthy since the May Analyst Day?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, and that's a good question because that's also incorporated into the adjustment to the full year revenue outlook of -- from 3% to 4% to flat to 1%. It's primarily driven by Enterprise and we've now basically extracted out any planned LTE revenue contribution for this year. As I said in earlier comments, including at FAM in May, I always believed that our LTE revenues, from a material standpoint, would be largely internationally led first. I still believe that. And our engagements, particularly in the APME region, remain constant. But we're no longer, and I'm no longer, counting on closing that or those engagements this year and converting it to revenue. I think it's more prudent not to plan for that. And having said that, things in the U.S. continue to move forward in general, but NTIA has continued to freeze the BTOP grants. And FirstNet continues to move forward in their engagement. The only new development, I think, is LA-RICS. And LA-RICS negotiated a spectrum agreement with FirstNet, which we believe is positive. But having said that -- that's important. They still need to -- they, LA, need to work through how they're going to fund it, whether it's organically through their own means or a grant from the feds. But even after all that, they'll then do a bid that will be forthcoming. And we would expect revenue from that, if we were to be fortunate to win it, more in 2014. So interest remains high and engagement remains high, both domestically and internationally. And we'll move forward accordingly. But we've kind of taken LTE revenue out of our forecast for the remainder of '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Suva of Citigroup.
Asiya Merchant: This is Asi on behalf of Jim. Very quickly, can you tell us what iDEN was for this quarter? And what the expected contribution is for the year?
Gregory Q. Brown: IDEN was down $31 million in Q2 and we still expect it to be approximately $185 million in revenue for the full year this year, down from $265 million last year.
Asiya Merchant: Okay, great. And then on the OpEx side, I know you continue to maintain your operating margin guidance of 18%. Can you talk to us about some of the items that are impacting OpEx down so much? And sort of looking further out, how should we think about your OpEx run rate into 2014?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I'm not going to guide to 2014 yet, but what I will say is we remain committed to the 18% operating margin target for this year. I think, quite frankly, we've been pretty proactive along the way for the first half of the year in managing costs. We have taken action, or are in the process of taking action, that will result in annualized run rate savings of about $50 million for next year. And I think it's also important to note that for the full year this year, we expect total OpEx dollars to be down from last year. So we will continue to modulate the cost structure to reflect the pacing of revenues and size the business accordingly. And that's our plan. And quite frankly, I feel pretty confident in that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So you commented on the macro challenges in the Enterprise segment and some of the large deals that have pushed out into the Q4 and 2014. Are all of those deals still in the pipeline? Or have any of them gone to competitive solutions? And then just specifically to the traction that you talked about with the MC40 and the SB1. Just wanted to get a little bit more color there of who you're going up against. What you're seeing, if anything, in terms of off-the-shelf solutions, either iOS or Android-based, and just how those competitive discussions are going?
Mark F. Moon: So when you think about the push outs for Enterprise, Simona, in North America in particular, we had 4 very large nationwide retailers that actually selected us, but in very detailed conversations, said they were going to push out their deployments for later in the year, or a couple of them into next year. We also had a very similar conversation with a big-box retailer in the U.K. So to answer your question, we're not competitively losing these deals. It really is a delay in IT, CapEx, kind of spending that's driving this piece. Much different than what we really anticipated when we gave our previous guidance. I think as we think about competition, we believe that we're still holding share. So as Greg mentioned, we think this is a phenomenon that's being experienced throughout. And we're excited about that particular piece, but disappointed that it is pushing out. When you think about new products, the SB1, as you mentioned, is primarily a task-specific tool to give workers the ability to do tasks on the go. Not really competing against consumer devices necessarily, it's really a device to give more efficiency and effectiveness to a broader base of workers. Our MC40 does move into the expansion category of customer-facing, where you would see competition against consumer devices, other types of products. You asked about trials. We're trialing with several major customers, both in the U.S. and in the U.K. In fact, the SB1 was really designed around the requirements for Tesco in the U.K. and they're trialing it. We're also doing a number of pilots here in the U.S. with the MC40, some of which have tried consumer devices. So I think it's very positive. The piece that has been less positive at -- is that the pilots continue, and I will say continue successfully, but the conversion to actual projects have clearly been delayed.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum of Morgan Stanley.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First a, Ed, just a clarification on the tax credits this quarter. I think I got $118 million is what you said. Is that -- I had down a 0% tax rate, so I think that was -- if you can just kind of go over where the tax credits this quarter came from, and how they differ from what we had before, and I might just be remembering things wrong from the Analyst Day, that'll be great. And then, Greg, when you -- by going towards an operating margin target of 18% and making that the #1 goal, even on a lower revenue rate, can you give us some insight into where the areas are that you cut to get there. And if in fact, that's partially in R&D, how can you be sure you're not maybe mortgaging the future by cutting back a little bit too much when you should be actually investing to grow the business, as opposed to just focusing on the cost cutting. And then as you look at, again, at these push outs from these retailers and some of the other things that are slowing down the business, how do you get comfortable with the fact that this is either a secular trend towards consumer, especially because retail, of all the different sectors is probably the primary area where people are at least testing consumer devices, like iPhones and Android devices, as well as the Microsoft OS shift and how that's impacting this. Is that perhaps what's causing some of these push outs? Are they looking for the OS to get more stable? How do you get comfortable with the difference between a secular trend and one that's just cyclical with Enterprise push outs?
Gregory Q. Brown: So let me, Hudi, let me take the cost reduction one first. I mentioned that we've already taken action that we think will result in annualized savings for $50 million on an annual run rate. When I think of the larger areas that we've taken action in, they're largely in manufacturing capacity. They're in supply chain and procurement. They're in sales and marketing. R&D is on the lower end of the reductions and the actions that we've taken. So we remain committed to continue to lead and get high return on invested capital of R&D spend, which I anticipate will be right around $1 billion again. So I don't think we're impairing -- we're impugning any of our capacity from a new product and innovation standpoint. And we're not confused at all about that point. Your second point about cyclical versus structural is in part jumping on Mark Moon's earlier answer to Simona. We're engaged on some of these new expansion products. We're very mindful of the engagements. In fact, some of these pilots are customers that have rolled out or trialed consumer product. And for a variety of reasons, whether it be voice, whether it be optimized voice integration with WiFi, post-sale support, ruggedization, in fact, they're reengaging us around the MC40. So I still believe, and we still believe, that this compression in Enterprise is more cyclical than structural because of the engagement and the direct discussions we have with customers. To your point, I think Microsoft's OS transition is a component. They had the big reorganization just a few weeks ago. They're reintroducing or modifying Win Phone 8. When they do that, typically, they then add the Enterprise version, in our case, Windows Embedded Handheld, that trails that. So that OS for Enterprise utilization for us is a mid-2014 kind of phenomenon. We do think that's a contributor, but we still believe it's largely cyclical versus structural. But we watch it very closely, Hudi.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So Hudi, on the tax item, if you remember at the Analyst Day, I had talked roughly orders of magnitude, talked about $100 million benefit that we record in the second quarter. It was $118 million. It was a bit better than we expected. The full year benefit, I quantified at approximately $300 million. It will be a bit better than that for the full year. And with that, we kind of embedded that into the 10% to 13% effective tax rate that we'll see for Q3 and for Q4, that which, we tightened the benefit from 10% to 15% that we had talked about at the Analyst Day.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so I guess I just had gotten it wrong before at the Analyst Day, so that's helpful. Can I sneak in one more thing about the LTE funnel. Greg, you'd spoken in the past about a $1 billion LTE funnel, and then some time ago raised that to $1.5 billion LTE funnel, mainly driven by international. Is that something that we can still look towards at some point? Or is that -- has it gotten a little fuzzier with the recent changes in the LTE landscape?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, Hudi, this is Mark. I think the funnel size has really remained unchanged or actually would have increased slightly. What's happened, though, as it continues to elongate, actually tractions. So you understand what's going on in North America and I think as FirstNet continues to delay, we know about that delay and we talked about this primarily being international. And I think the international engagements that we've had have been slower than we thought to bring to actual contract, which is why now we push the revenue out of the year. But funnel activity and engagement and really no competitive losses, have really stayed intact.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Housum of Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: A question for you on the Asian management change that you guys discussed occurring earlier in the year. I guess, how is that progressing, and are you satisfied with traction that you're seeing in the Government space in terms of trying to penetrate lower into the smaller regions. And then obviously, as it plays out in the WLAN business as well?
Mark F. Moon: Perfect. So as we talked about earlier and we've talked each quarter about Asia, I think the management transition and actually our restructure within the region is progressing very well. In fact, while we talked about in Q1, the Government business was down further than we expected, we also commented that we expected it to improve each quarter as we went throughout the year, and for us to build backlog as we were going through the year. That has indeed happened. Our losses in second quarter are less than what they were in first quarter and as we move to third quarter, they will continue to improve. We are also exiting the quarter with more backlog. So the plan is in place and the team is doing well. I'm also very pleased with the Enterprise traction that we're gaining as we move to our different kind of geographic structure to get more attention. So the Enterprise business in total is also improving throughout the region. I think in the emerging markets that we talked about, that we really wanted to get after, that will be more new order activity as we exit the year to build for future growth. But again, I think we're making good traction and I'm pleased so far with the actions that have been taken.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Great. And how does that parley into the WLAN business? Is that recurring at all, because you've obviously had a few past quarters of some significantly down year-over-year comparisons?
Gregory Q. Brown: This is Greg. WLAN improved from last quarter, but it still declined. It declined 5%. And we know that's not satisfactory, especially given the fact that the industry as a whole is growing probably double-digit, or low-double-digit growth, so we continue to lose share there. Now interestingly enough, we have some very, very nice opportunities and customer discussions that are going on right now. Cautiously optimistic and as I've said before, we're in transition from WLAN as a product play to more of a services play. And -- but we're closely monitoring the business and we need to do better and we know that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Long of BMO Capital Markets.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions if I could. First, on the margin expectations going forward, you talked a little bit about OpEx. Just give us a little view on gross margin. Do you see any potential for that contributing in the second half, and as we look out into next year? And then second, Greg, if I could, a longer-term question on LTE. What's your view as these networks become more standardized networks? What do you think the impact would be on MSI's more device-related business? Does it make it much more competitive since it's a much more open type of technology?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think, I'll take the second one. I think LTE in general is a favorable trend to our business. On the voice side, there's literally billions of dollars installed base for narrowband interoperable voice. It's built around a P25 standard. You know the position that we have there in ASTRO and TETRA. The idea in the U.S. behind FirstNet is a very good one. It dedicates spectrum in the 700-megahertz slice. It designates an open standard of LTE. And it provides money. So historically in public safety, some of the gates have been spectrum, standards and funding. And the legislation here in the U.S. contemplates and largely solves for that. I think what also will happen as these broadband networks get contemplated in the U.S. and internationally, and specifically, specifically around public safety, preemption versus a carrier model of prioritization, control, group call, direct, redundancy, encryption. I think those characteristics about interoperable LTE broadband are generally favorable to us because we have that expertise, we have that domain expertise and we can build an end-to-end LTE network of infrastructure, software and subscribers, to your point. So we view it as a favorable trend, both domestically and internationally.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Well, on the margin front, I'd say the expectation to be relatively stable. The fourth quarter typically, we do a bit better. Shipments are typically higher. You'll see a higher component likely of product sales as we talked about compression a bit in the Enterprise space because product sales have been the majority of the decline. As that returns, we'll expect a little bit better. And overall, with factory utilization being a bit higher fourth quarter, you typically will see a bit higher in the fourth quarter as you traditionally would.
Mark F. Moon: Throughout our core businesses in general, margin performance has been very good. We're pleased with that. We'll be down slightly year-on-year, but as we mentioned in the past, that's primarily driven by Psion and iDEN. So again, throughout the core portfolio, margins have held fairly consistent.
Operator: Our final question comes from Peter Misek of Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: The big question that we have is around the timing of the Enterprise product launches for the balance of the year. Really want to help understand that. I kind of have difficulty, again, on that Q4 ramp as many of my peers are, and really would appreciate that.
Gregory Q. Brown: In terms of product launches, we've already launched largely the products that we're referencing. The SB1 is launched, the multi-plane scanner is launched, the MC40 is launched and the other discussions that, some of which Mark has referenced, are all with products that are already available, so we're not betting on the come here. And again, when you incorporate the flat to negative 3% for this quarter, and then you look at what growth needs to be in Q4, and we are typically a seasonally, very, very strong Q4 business, it contemplates a mid-single digit kind of growth rate. Again, on Enterprise coming off of a negative 10% compare in Q3 and a negative 10% compare in Q4, so that's kind of the foundation of logic that we have moving forward.
Peter Misek - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And if I may squeeze one in on the competitive landscape for LTE. There's been some discussion that, and I know you said generally, you felt LTE was a tailwind for you folks, there is a hypothesis out there that LTE actually removes some of your advantages. Can you help us understand the key differentiators that you would have versus a Harris or a Raytheon in the LTE deployment, maybe in and around the peer-to-peer technologies that you have, ruggedization, et cetera, just love to maybe a little bit of elaboration there?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well I think that, respectfully to our competitors, there's no one that has the R&D spend, the patent portfolio, the domain expertise and the product portfolio that we have in LTE. Remember, we started investing over 3 years ago in infrastructure, software and devices, whether it be USB dongle, a converged LEX 700, a vehicular modem and the like. In addition to that, we have a strategic partnership with Ericsson worldwide, with 8 years left. So as you take the worldwide leader in public safety in Motorola Solutions and the worldwide leader in commercial LTE in Ericsson, and we're optimizing our 2 product portfolios to be able to marry and merge and interoperate between a private network and a public network and seamlessly roam accordingly, I think the distinction and differentiation is substantial. And we expect to maintain or extend that competitive lead.
Shep Dunlap: Okay, I'd like to remind everyone the details outlining the highlighted items. Our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our motorolasolutions.com Investor Relations site. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on this site shortly after the conclusion of this call. As mentioned at the outset, during this call, we've made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable Federal Securities Law. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: Future sales growth, including by segment and product; future operating margins; EPS outlook; operating cash flow; the amount of other income and expense; future tax rates and tax payments; tax benefits to be realized as a result of our new holding company structure; impact of FX rates; share repurchase and dividends; recovery of our Enterprise business, including timing and competitive pressure; management of our cost structure and resulting savings; the impact of narrowbanding; the timing and impact of new products and solutions introductions, including OS developments; and demand transfer of business and products such as ASTRO, TETRA, LTE and WLAN. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause, and in some cases, have caused such differences, can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 8 through 12 and Item 1-A of our 2012 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Motorola Solutions' other SEC filings. Thanks again. We look forward to speaking to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss first quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations. Greg and Ed will review our results along with commentary, and Mark will join for the Q&A session. Earlier this morning, we posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. It's always important to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Thanks, Shep. This morning, we reported first quarter sales of $2 billion, an increase of 1% over last year. Sales in Government increased 3% while Enterprise sales declined 4%. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $0.68 per share compared to $0.50 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.66 per share compared to $0.59 per share in Q1 of last year, a 12% increase. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Now as I think about our performance with respect to the quarter, I have 3 key takeaways I'd like to share with you on the business. First, execution on our business model remains solid with double-digit earnings per share growth, driven by disciplined cost management and our return of capital to shareholders. Second, coming off a record year in 2012, we still had continued growth in Government with improved profitability in the segment as well, and North America was strong. In fact, growth in every region was good except Asia, where we did not perform up to our expectations. And third, in Enterprise, revenue was softer than we anticipated and declined due to several factors. First, the WLAN business declined 30%, where we're simply not executing well. Second, our iDEN business declined over $30 million in the quarter. And third, our rugged mobile computing business continues to be impacted by some macro uncertainty and a pending operating system transition. In this environment, a number of customers delayed purchase decisions in the quarter. Now that said, we believe improvement in the Enterprise business will be second-half driven for several reasons. First beginning in Q3, the run rate comps get more favorable from last year, which includes foreign currency exchange favorability of approximately $30 million at current levels. Second, iDEN becomes less of a drag for the second half as about $60 million of our now $80 million expected full year decline will be in the first half the year. And third and finally, meaningful customer engagements and the introduction of several new products should also drive second-half improvement. In light of the slower recovery in Enterprise, we now expect full year sales growth for the total company of approximately 3% to 4%. This includes expectations for Government growth continuing at low- to mid-single digits and Enterprise growth of low- to mid-single digits reflecting market softness anticipated in the first half. We remain confident in the fundamental drivers of our business and our ability to drive improved operating earnings. I'll now turn the call over to Ed to provide additional details on the quarter. And then I'll return to discuss the quarter in more detail.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q1 sales grew 1%, lower than our expectations, as we experienced mixed top line results. Our Government business performed very well, with the exception of Asia. And as Greg stated, the recovery in our core Enterprise business is now expected to occur in the second half of the year. In Government, we continued to see steady growth. First quarter sales totaled $1.3 billion, an increase of 3% over the prior year quarter. Operating margins in the Government segment improved 200 basis points from 14.1% to 16.1%. Solid sales growth and continued cost efficiency drove the operating margin improvements in this business. Enterprise business revenues decreased 4% to $627 million in Q1. Excluding the impact of Psion and iDEN, Q1 revenues declined 8%. This compares to a 10% decline in each of Q3 and Q4 of 2012. Operating margins in the Enterprise business declined from 16.2% to 9.7%. This decline was primarily driven by lower Enterprise product sales volume, the addition of Psion sales and lower iDEN sales. Operating expenses were $683 million or 34.6% of revenue, which represents a 60-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. This includes the addition of Psion and lower pension expenses versus last year. We remain focused on ensuring our cost structure is aligned to the business needs, and we'll continue to monitor and adjust our spending based on the macro environment. Our operating earnings for the first quarter were $278 million or 14.1% of sales compared to $290 million or 14.8% in Q1 2012. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $11 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $3 million in Q1 2012. This amount was higher year-over-year but lower than expected, primarily due to gains on investments. We still expect this line item to be a net expense of approximately $30 million per quarter based on higher interest expense going forward. I'll now move on to taxes. Our effective tax rate was 30% for the quarter. This amount was lower than expected due to certain discrete items and a change in amounts that are now deemed to be permanently reinvested overseas. Given these items, we now expect an ongoing tax rate of between 32% and 33% versus our previous outlook of 34%. Cash used by operating activities in the first quarter of 2013 was $31 million as compared to $69 million of cash generated by operating activities in the first quarter of 2012. The lower-than-expected cash flow results were negatively impacted primarily by the timing of long-term contract milestone billings. Q1 was also adversely impacted by a little more than $40 million that we were required to post related to a foreign tax deposit. We expect this amount will be refunded during 2013. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and investments and $2.5 billion in debt. During the quarter, we executed a $600 million bond offering at a 3.5% coupon rate as part of our long-term capital allocation plan. With respect to capital return, we repurchased $357 million of stock or 5.9 million shares at an average price of $60.27 per share in the quarter. Since we began repurchasing shares in Q3 of 2011, we bought back $3.9 billion or 82 million shares at an average price of $47.56. We have $1.1 billion remaining under our current authorization. In addition, we paid $72 million in dividends during the quarter. Now turning to our Q2 and full year outlook. For Q2, we expect sales to be flat to down 2% compared to the second quarter of 2012. This factors in a flat to slightly down Government business given the very robust 14% growth a year ago and flat Enterprise sales. Our Q2 outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.66 to $0.71 from continuing operations based on the Q1 ending share count. This compared to non-GAAP EPS in Q2 2012 of $0.70 per share. This outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.13 per share and other items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. Moving to full year 2013. Our outlook is now for sales growth of 3% to 4%, which factors in a softer first half for Enterprise than we initially expected. We remain committed to driving operating leverage and continue to plan for full year operating margins of approximately 18%. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Ed. As previously stated, Government sales for the quarter were up 3% over Q1 2012. Profitability for the business also increased with operating earnings of 16.1% compared to 14.1% in Q1 of last year. In ASTRO, our industry-leading P25 portfolio, we grew nearly double digits with strong subscriber growth, representing a record Q1. In terms of new contracts, we received a $72 million contract from the State of Tennessee to implement Phase 2 of the Highway Patrol statewide P25 Phase 2 digital communications network. This system will provide the critical communications link to assist Tennessee's troopers in ensuring their state is a safe and secure place in which to live, work and travel. We were also awarded a $26 million contract by Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department to implement a P25 Phase 2 700 megahertz digital radio communications network. This was a competitive win back. And this system will provide critical voice communications for metro officers throughout Clark County, Nevada and expand the interoperable P25 footprint in Southern Nevada. Wyandotte County in Kansas purchased a $25 million ASTRO system to serve public safety first responders and utility workers. Outside the U.S., we received an ASTRO award for over $70 million, which is our largest ever system sale in Africa and the first phase of a nationwide communications network. And in Brazil, the army recently added a multimillion dollar expansion to their ASTRO system as well. We continue to innovate for public safety with customer-driven features embedded in our radios. And more than ever, we enable them using software options. Examples of several features in our ASTRO system that are software enabled include efficient spectrum use with Phase 2 TDMA, dual-band functionality and enhanced security and encryption. Our digital platform continues to enable a smarter and more robust communications network with features such as over-the-air programming, network management utilities and remote diagnostics. The exciting opportunity is that 60% of our customers' public safety networks in the U.S. are still analog and eventually will migrate to digital. Our TETRA portfolio also had a good quarter with double-digit growth driven by new systems. We continue to execute on our tiering strategy in TETRA. And this quarter we launched the new MTP6750 handheld, the world's first TETRA radio with a 5 megapixel camera. It embeds a special encrypted marking to validate metadata and ensure that images have not been tampered with before being presented in court. Giving front-line officers this tool at the scene of a crime should reduce court time and increase prosecution rates with images used as evidence. At the recent International TETRA Awards, our Automated RF Coverage Evaluation Solution won recognition for best new innovation. Developed collaboratively with the London Metropolitan Police Service, this network monitoring utility provides automatic visibility of trouble spots on a mission-critical TETRA network and reduces maintenance costs by decreasing the need for testing in problem areas. Our ASTRO and TETRA mission-critical communication systems help secure mission-critical infrastructure beyond public safety. We've tailored our products to meet the needs of requirements of expanded verticals such as transportation and mining and energy. The Houston Airport, the fourth largest in the U.S., upgraded its command-and-control center with a $4 million investment in Motorola's MCC7500 IP console for critical dispatch needs and daily operations. Combined with their deployment of the new APX subscriber platform, more than 1,000 users efficiently manage operations supporting 36 million travelers annually. And among our international TETRA customers this quarter, we won multimillion-dollar awards with rail transportation systems in Stockholm, Sweden; Klang Valley, Malaysia; Macau, China and Medellín Metro in Colombia. Our radios are also designed to operate in harsh environments like petrochemicals and oil and gas. For example, the SIBUR Russian pipeline recently invested in a multimillion dollar TETRA system. In Australia, we're working with Queensland Gas Company on a $4-million enhancement to their TETRA radio network. And Chevron in Thailand recently purchased a TETRA system for their operations. Additionally, we continue to invest in areas beyond voice and into the command center. Command centers for law enforcement are the backbone for receiving and sending mission-critical voice and data, enabling situational awareness for first responders to be more effective. As public safety increasingly leverages big data, our capabilities are once again addressing key needs. Our new Real-Time Crime Center solution integrates radio consoles and video over existing carrier and private wireless networks, while incorporating public- and private-sector cameras. The Real-Time Crime Center solution provides a foundation for agencies to operationalize predictive policing strategies and use analytics to realize the full promise of technology investments in voice and video. The city of Malden, Massachusetts is an early adopter of our Real-Time Crime Center and recently implemented an integrated public safety video surveillance network incorporating over 30 video cameras located throughout the city. In Public Safety LTE, we continue to work with our North America customers, while several of them are negotiating spectrum lease arrangements with FirstNet following their February board meeting. We're also pursuing international opportunities and innovating with products like our new LTE modem, the VML700, which interoperates on a carrier and Public Safety LTE network. The modem works on a public carrier LTE network and can also act as a mobile 802.11 WiFi hotspot while our customers plan for a public-safety grade LTE network. This VML700 enables new media-rich applications like photos, geomapping or streaming video in the vehicle. Another testament to our leadership position this quarter, we were the first Public Safety LTE vendor to successfully complete the latest interoperability testing activities with the Public Safety Communications Research Program located at the Department of Commerce. And our LEX 700 LTE handheld device for public safety is now available to ship. For our federal customers, we released a new product design to serve their agencies that need secure voice and data communications. The AME 2000 is based on Motorola's Assured Mobile Environment solution, which combines a commercial off-the-shelf Android device with hardware and software to provide end-to-end encrypted voice and data communications through private or public wireless networks to support the missions of federal agencies. This new mobile device, combined with our CRYPTR micro encryption unit, provides federal-government-level data security to mobile devices. Moving on to our Enterprise segment. Sales in Enterprise were $627 million, a decrease of 4% from Q1 of 2012. Operating earnings declined to 9.7% of sales from 16.2% last year, driven by negative leverage from lower sales, iDEN declines and the addition of Psion revenues, which will carry lower than segment margins as we continue to drive margin improvement in that business. Within the Enterprise portfolio, our business was down primarily due to the iDEN decline, wireless LAN declining over 30% and the Enterprise mobile computing business declining single digits without Psion. In addition, a large base of legacy applications deployed by our Enterprise customers are written in Microsoft's legacy OS, which is aging. As a result, customers are contemplating a transition to Android or the future Windows Phone 8 embedded operating system. Although this doesn't impact all of our customers, it has resulted in delays for several customer projects. Now that said, we do have a dual OS strategy with Microsoft and its variants in our Enterprise secure version of Android. We continue to deployed Windows CE and embedded handheld 6.5.3 products, and we're strategically partnering with Microsoft on their release of the next generation of Windows-embedded handheld based on Windows 8. We've also launched Android products, and the ecosystem is growing in Enterprise. And more importantly, we've offered our customers an OS agnostic solution in Rhomobile, a tuck-in acquisition we made a while ago, which I remind you is an HTML5 framework that enables right ones run many applications. We've also ramped up our new product launches over the last few months, especially on the Enterprise mobile computing side, with updates to core products, like the MC92 and MC67. We've also brought to market several new category-expanding Enterprise mobile computing products like the MC40, the Smart Badge 1 and MC45 and our MP6000 multi-plane scanner, which is our first entry into an entirely new market for us in bioptic scanning. The updated core products are playing well competitively, especially the MC92 and MC67, which represent the leading products in their respective categories. And we're also seeing good pilot interest and funnel expansion for some of our newer portfolio. Our Enterprise business is purpose built, with solutions designed for working closely with our customers to meet their unique business requirements. For example, we launched 2 new wearable devices designed to increase efficiency and accuracy in inventory and warehouse distribution. Our new and improved wearable mobile computer enables warehouse associates to keep their eyes and hands on moving materials and frees them from paperwork. Accompanying with our wearable finger Ring Scanner, it combines effortless scanning and task accuracy verification. Our innovation in this space resulted in multimillion-dollar awards this quarter from 2 parcel and delivery companies in the U.S. Among our transportation and logistics customers on track, a regional parcel carrier that serves the Western U.S. continued their $4 million rollout of MC9500s for their delivery fleet. Tesco continues to invest in our MC17 retail mobile computers, which enables a personal shopping experience in their stores, with a $3 million order this quarter for an additional 100 stores. We designed this product working closely with Tesco, allowing customers to scan items while they shop, efficiently check out and target promotions with buying patterns. We were also awarded a contract to supply Dutch retailer Sligro with MC17 devices for use in 30 of their largest stores. On the RFID front, Macy's has been a leader in the adoption of RFID in retail. And this quarter, they continued to invest in our RFID solutions for their stores, which increase inventory accuracy and enhance productivity. At the recent ProMAC conference, we demonstrated our comprehensive supply chain solutions from manufacturing to distribution to retail outlets. Our comprehensive offerings are now complemented with Psion's rugged modular offerings to the manufacturing and supply chain verticals. One Psion product that exemplifies this rugged design is the Omni XT15, a handheld device designed specifically for operation in hazardous conditions including pharmaceuticals, oil and gas, utilities, chemical and other manufacturing applications. We're encouraged by the early interest we've experienced with our new category-expanding device, the MC40. This multifunction device is designed for inventory management, as well as point-of-sale and voice. For front of the store, it provides a robust alternative to a consumer device with the durability that is core to our devices and a sleek pocketable design with touch screen interface. We are working with some customers who previously explored consumer grade devices with attached sleds and found them to be inadequate point-of-sale solutions because of lack of durability, shortfalls with voice and push-to-talk clients and a lack of enterprise-level support. Our solution meets these requirements, supports multiple applications in 1 device with a built-in card reader, includes full-shift battery life with user-swappable batteries and a secure operating system that enables multiple users to have unique login and security credentials. Now before turning to a regional overview of the company, I wanted to explain some changes to our regional reporting structure. In January, we realigned our regions under a new geographic structure. Sales in the Middle East are now included with Asia, forming a region that we now call APME. We also installed a new leader in January in APME as well. And our sales in Europe and Africa form a region called EA, and we've included a historical schedule of the performance of these regions with this quarter's earnings release. And Mark, I'm sure, may have the opportunity to elaborate further on the regional structure later during the call. Moving on to the regional results this quarter for the total company. With respect to the Americas, North America sales increased 1% with continued strength in Government, up 6%, while the Enterprise business declined double digits. Latin America performed well this quarter, both Government and the Enterprise, without iDEN, increased double digits. Including iDEN, Latin America was down 3%. Turning to Europe and Africa, we grew 13%, driven by double-digit growth in both Government and Enterprise. Including our Psion acquisition, the Enterprise business declined mid-single digits. Finally, in Asia Pac and Middle East, sales declined 13%, driven by a significant double-digit decline in Government. The Government business in Asia declined across the portfolio, and the Enterprise business grew mid-single digits year-on-year. We still anticipate full year growth in Asia Pac and Middle East overall. A couple of other final comments. We also received top recognition from CRN's 2013 Partner Program Guide awarding PartnerEmpower, our PartnerEmpower channel program, a 5-star rating. CRN recognizes an elite subset of vendors that provide the best partnering elements in their channel programs. Our 20,000-plus partners are an extension of Motorola that scales globally and complements our direct sales organization. In fact, many of our partners have been with us for decades and are proud to exclusively represent our products. It is also worth highlighting that we were also honored with an unprecedented 5 Red Dot Product Design Awards, including recognition of innovative designs for our new MC40 mobile computer and the MOTOTRBO SL radio and mobile radio control head. Now the Red Dot Awards, as they're affectionately known, is one of the most internationally acclaimed design competitions dating back over 70 years. And the Red Dot is an internationally recognized seal of quality. In conclusion, our Q1 revenues were softer than we anticipated, driven by mixed results. Looking forward, the Government business remains solid. And within Enterprise, we expect second half improvements from customer engagement and new products, as well as a benefit from lower comps and favorable foreign exchange. We remain focused on driving revenue growth, earnings improvement, cash flow and shareholder return.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I guess, I wanted to follow up. First, I guess a little more clarification on the weakness or missed execution or how would you clarify it in terms of the Asia Pacific business? And what steps are you taking to turn around that trend? And then secondly, although I understand the guidance, I'd like to understand kind of the levers you could pull if the full year turns out to look a lot more like Q1 in terms of flattish year-over-year growth. Could you still get to margin expansion, or does it require some top line growth to get there?
Mark F. Moon: So, Tavis, I'll take the first piece of that question. I think we talked about through several quarters of last year, that we were not pleased with our performance in Asia. As you remember, we reported single-digit growth in both Government and Enterprise last year. At the end of the year we decided to make some changes though, structurally, as we kind of expanded our sales coverage and went to more regional leadership. We also made a leadership change within the region. We're bringing in a new leader by the name of Mohammed Akhtar who had previously led the Middle East, but prior to that assignment had served 15 years within Asia and had wonderful experience with Motorola as within the region. This particular quarter, we also did not perform as well as we had hoped. And similar to the Enterprise story, I do believe it will be second-half driven. As Greg said though, we do still expect for the Asian region to be mid- to high-single digit growth for the year. If you think about the quarter in particular though, the quarter was really driven by a couple of countries around the region that had some anomalies. While I'm not making excuses for our performance, Malaysia was down $12 million as a result of the roll off of the Royal Malaysian Police project. India and Australia were down $8 million and $6 million, respectively, with large projects that happened the previous year. And then China and Japan were both down $7 million. We continue to experience some pressure in China, both macroeconomically, as well as localization pressure around the PDT standard for our PCR-type of business. So we continue to be pressured there. But as I said, we've put the steps in place to turn that business around. I'm confident in the leadership. I'm confident in the moves that we've made. And I think you'll see steady improvement as we move throughout the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, on the full year outlook, Tavis, obviously we spent a lot of time on it. We believe primarily as the Government business continues to moderate, I think pretty solidly and still grow off of record comps the previous year. That's also why we think when we guide Q2 to flat to slightly down, we're flat to down 2%. That's also embedded in that with a record 14% quarter than the previous period for Government. At the end of the day, it primarily comes down to Enterprise. We think we're taking a pretty prudent approach. The full year guidance still does expect, as you asked specifically, some top line growth. That's expected for the second half and for the full year. Now that said, I'll tell you, I'd like to think it's in the DNA of this management team to continually manage costs pretty aggressively, which is why we're reiterating our commitment to operating leverage and still targeting approximately an 18% operating margin for the full year this year, irrespective of what the top line growth is.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So, Tavis, but as you know as we've talked about, we need top line growth to drive leverage and to improve operating margins. We are assuming that top line 3% to 4%, but we do think that 18% is achievable based upon our view of spending. There was some level of investment assumed in our prior guidance that we have now pulled back on, and that's why we do believe we can get that 18%. And as Greg said, it's in the DNA of the organization that everyone knows what they need to do. If the top line's softer, we don't make the investments that we had planned to make. So that's all factored into what we guided here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A follow-up to the -- one of the prior questions about Asia not performing well. It sounds like you've got a grasp on what happened there. But I'm a little unclear. Maybe you can take another shot at about what are you guys are doing here to resolve this? Is it -- do you need to have a bigger footprint there? Do you need stronger sales force people? Is it more channel work through? Or do you need to withdraw more or make more M&A there? How are you going to resolve these Asia challenges that you're seeing?
Mark F. Moon: So, Jim, I think in short, it's a little bit of all of what you just mentioned. When we look back over the last several years, we were fortunate in Asia to have steady growth even through 2009; when we declined in other regions, we had growth. But in retrospect, when we look at that, that growth was really centered around China and Australia and some large projects. What we recognized last year is that we didn't have the proper strategy and resources in the areas that we see for future growth, the emerging countries like Indonesia, India, Thailand, Vietnam. So what we've done is rebalanced our resources. When I talked about a new sales coverage model, that's exactly what we did, both from a leadership perspective, as well as augmenting some resources from outside of the region with subject matter expertise to help kick start that growth in these new areas. So combined with the overall leadership, I think that we've taken the steps to go do that. I do think it will take time. That's why I talked about second-half driven. But we really do understand, and I think the opportunity for growth within that region is certainly still there.
Gregory Q. Brown: And, Jim, just to accentuate, we think it's organic investments. So when you kind of inventory the main items for the Asia recovery plan, it's leadership, marketing, channel management, sales coverage. Which basically represent organic investment and a reprioritization of capital deployment that we have every intention of making.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And then as a follow-up, switching gears to the Enterprise side of things. Is that more macro driven in enterprise budgets and uncertainty and just given the overall macro issues? Or is there something that MSI -- Motorola Solutions can do to kind of surpass and get around the challenges that have kind of been persistent on the Enterprise side as far as products or rollouts? Or how should we think about overcoming those headwinds?
Gregory Q. Brown: So, Jim, I think that there's a few factors. I think it's primarily macroeconomic driven, which has resulted in customers deferring some purchases. Now Q1 was challenging on the Enterprise side, and it actually got a little bit more challenging toward the latter half of March. I also reference though, in my earlier comments, there is this uncertainty around operating system transition. Remember the mobile computing environment, which is the bulk of our Enterprise business, is virtually a 100% Microsoft installed base. Customers with Windows CE, customers with Windows-embedded handheld, they want a roadmap on how they transition from their OS environment to the new Microsoft environment. And that's work that we're still working with Microsoft on. I was on a call recently -- yesterday with the development teams and Steve Ballmer and myself, and we're working on a few client opportunities to ensure and target getting a new Microsoft release product piloted by the end of the year. So that's also a component. Now having said all that, remember our wireless LAN business declined over 30%. That's not market driven. That's a failure to execute on our part. And we are transition -- we've transitioned from moving from a product sale to a managed services sale on WLAN, and we're not doing a good enough job. And the next few months will be critical for us to get more traction and grow that business of opportunity. And then lastly, Jim, the iDEN business was down pretty sharply in Q1. Most of it was anticipated, but quite frankly, iDEN was down even more than we thought. It was a $32 million year-over-year decline. And for the full year, we now expect iDEN to be about $185 million full year in '13 coming off of $265 million the previous year. So actually the overall decline in iDEN is a little bit more pronounced than we originally thought.
Operator: And your next question comes from Peter Misek with Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: First question is on capital returns. Can you give us an update on where we are with that process and leveraging off of the balance sheet. And then I have a couple operational questions.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure. So just high level, we're obviously very pleased with the progress we've made with the program, the share repurchase program thus far. Got a little over 20% of our share base being reduced since the inception of the program, 82 million shares, $3.9 billion, an average price of $47.56. This quarter, we did another $357 million at an average price of $60.27, bringing our ending share count at the end of the quarter to 272 million shares. We have about $1.1 billion remaining in the program as of the end of the quarter. And I'd say, kind of our thought process going forward, Greg can add to it, is we'll maintain a flexibility to be opportunistic in the execution of repurchases as we've done in the past. So you should expect that same mantra going forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. I mean we've clearly demonstrated our commitment to capital return to the shareholder, now approaching $4 billion. You've seen the levels we've purchased back, at what prices. By the way, at the end of the day, all in, we feel very good about the value created with that whole process. And we will continue to be opportunistic going forward to maximize shareholder return.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick operational questions. First is, how should we think about currency and FX going forward? Obviously very volatile swings in the yen, but we've also had some big movements in the euro. How should we look at that for the remainder of the year? What assumptions are we -- should we be modeling? And then lastly, as we look at the Government business, higher level and maybe a little bit longer term or qualitatively, you made some comments on the analog to digital switchover. How much of that equipment is installed? How should we look at that progression as we approach the 2018 cutoff deadline? If you could help there qualitatively, that would be great.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So on the FX front, if you recall last year, Q3 in particular was the big dip and for us the biggest euro -- the biggest impact on FX is the euro. So when declined last year fairly significantly, it caused effectively, I think it was a $40-million-or-thereabouts decline in sales in Q3 that we talked about. At rates where they are today with the euro at about $1.3, that causes for the second half of the year, in fact a lot of it in Q3, a $30-million improvement in Q3 and a little bit more for the full year. So that's the way we're thinking. Our guidance is factoring in current rates, assuming they stay where they are. And that's the impact that Greg talked about on the call.
Mark F. Moon: Peter, as you think about the Government business as we've talked about, we've been very pleased with how resilient the Government business continues to be. Last year, as we talked about the real strength, there was a lot of talk about narrowbanding, which certainly had an impact in North America. But at the same time, we talked a lot each quarter about new product introductions, the expansion of analog to digital. We also talked about the benefits of that and of aging infrastructure. The comment Greg made earlier about 60% of our customers in North America are still analog, worldwide, 50% of our customers are still analog. So as we go forward, given that aging infrastructure, the benefits of moving from analog to digital, as well as the things that we just talked about, the need that drive -- these fundamental drivers that are still present within Government, it helps us to continue to be optimistic. We've talked about the Government business being low- to mid-single digits. I think as we continue to put out new products, once LTE takes hold as we talked about and will talk about further, LTE has been somewhat delayed. And we think that moves the Government business to continue to be in solid mid-single-digit kind of a growth business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the side of Stanley Kovler with Morgan Stanley.
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm calling in for Ehud Gelblum. I just wanted to ask you on the mobile computing side, are you seeing any impact from, as you mentioned consumer-oriented devices like iPad, iPhone, I mean, help us quantify that? And in terms of the mix of Microsoft versus Android going forward, how do you anticipate that change shifting perhaps to more Android? What percentage of the portfolio or of that business could go potentially to Android? Then I have a clarification.
Gregory Q. Brown: So you kind of clicked in and out. I think what you were asking was about Microsoft to Android transition. And then also the consumer device potential substitution in mobile computing. Is that what you were saying?
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, that's correct.
Gregory Q. Brown: Okay, so on the Microsoft side or the operating system side, obviously we ship both. We do Microsoft and Android. I've described already the conversations with Microsoft at the highest levels of the company to ensure a roadmap for our installed base customers of Microsoft. Now 2 of our newest products, the MC40 and the ET1 tablet, now WAN enabled, are both Android. It's also worth noting that what we do is we, Motorola, take off-the-shelf Android and then with our development team under Girish Rishi, put specific enterprise features around that, on device management, security, encryption and the like. And we will continue to do that. So I think that you'll see us continue to ship more Android product, of course, in 2013 and '14, and have more than a couple of products on Android. We will work with Microsoft to transition the legacy installed base. And also we probably have a few dozen customers that have invested in RhoMobile, which was the tuck-in acquisition we did. And again, that whole reason is kind of an insurance policy that lets a customer install RhoMobile software, which is operating system agnostic and provides an application framework that they can run -- write once and run many, irrespective on the OS underlying the specific device. On the consumerization, if you will, as some people like to call it, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, there are a couple of positive signs where customers have looked to deploy either an Android device or an Apple iOS device. And for a variety of reasons, have come back to us, whether it's durability, whether it's overall post-sale support on application refresh or break fix or inventory management or helpdesk support. Having an enterprise device is different than trying to just take a consumer device and slap it into an enterprise framework. We are cautiously optimistic that the MC40, as well as the overall feature and service capabilities that we bring to the table, could mitigate some of the front-facing store operations on the terms of the consumerization or use of a consumer-grade device. It's still in transition. I don't know if Mark wants to add anything to that. But I think generally we're well positioned, and stay tuned.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I think the comment was exactly right. We talked about in the past, there's certainly been a presence of consumer devices moving into the front of the store. As we've said, I think that's also a positive because it increases the visibility and the need for mobility. And as we've said in the past, all ships rise with the tide. At the same time we're expanding our portfolio, as Greg said, the MC40, the MC45, the Smart Badge. So we're beginning to move from this traditional rugged line worker, which is still the heart of our business, move back up so that we have offerings in the front of the store as well.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, that's an important point. Remember, as you look at our rugged mobile computing business, it's typically blue collar, concrete, warehouse, purpose built. The front-facing store fight between our MC40 or a consumer-grade device, we look at more as opportunistic than a cannibalization or a core threat to the heart and soul of what we do on rugged devices.
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's very helpful. And then on the financials, going back to the Enterprise margins. Is it just a matter of higher revenue to improve margins, or is there anything related to mix that will also change, iDEN obviously going down a little bit more than you expected, impacting the operating margin there. Maybe you can clarify what else gets you back up in terms of operating margin there. And just a little bit more color on the taxes going down, if you could help there.
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think Ed and I will tag team this. But you're right. On the margin profile of Enterprise, the contraction is partly due to a more accelerated decline of iDEN, which has a different gross margin profile. It's also the incorporation of Psion, which has lower gross margins at the moment as we integrate that acquisition. By the way, the overall integration of Psion, I think, is going well. And we will work, over time, to get the economies of scale in the supply chain to take the gross margin profile of their products directionally more in line with the gross margin profile of our Enterprise portfolio. And on tax?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, so -- and just also a few more things on the margin side. Really, you said it right. It's really volume. As the volumes go down at the gross margin level of this business, it hurts the operating margin. So volume is probably the biggest contributor to the operating margin decline. The gross margin decline we've talked about, really the mix of Psion and iDEN, as well as a few -- a shift between product and services mix, which brought the gross margins down for the full year. As Greg said, I'd say in the aggregate as well, our view is that we should be driving operating margin improvement. As we get to a full year view of low- to mid-single digit growth in the Enterprise business, we should see operating margin expansion as you look at the firm with the mix of iDEN going down. That may be a bit more challenging in the aggregate, but if you exclude that piece of it, for sure we're going to be driving operating margin improvement.
Gregory Q. Brown: And he had a tax question, I think.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the tax piece our -- we've guided previously to 34%. We had a 30% effective tax rate this quarter. About 2.5% of that was related to the discrete items that I had mentioned related to international and certain U.S. tax adjustments. Those aren't necessarily recurring. However, there's a 1.5% decline that we will be using to record our taxes going forward in the ongoing rate, which we now expect to be from the 34%, now down between 32% and 33% related to our assertion that in certain countries our earnings in those countries will be permanently reinvested based upon our assessments. This all goes to our overall strategy of ensuring we have cash where we need it, when we need it, particularly in international jurisdictions so that cash becomes much more fungible going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to dig in a little bit more into the Enterprise segment just to make sure I understand the comments. So I think you talked about some uncertainty in the installed base, which is virtually 100% in Microsoft, and some of the products you're highlighting as addressing some of the interest in Android such as the MC40 and the ET1. They're more, as I understand, front of the store kind of products. So can you just comment a little bit on whether the installed base is looking at Android as an operating system for the traditional back of the store, concrete floor types of applications where you've focused on? And if that's the case, then if you can just outline a bit more on the Android roadmap in that area.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think, Simona, at the moment, I would characterize the consideration for Android as more front-facing customer store. So -- and we're also refreshing the MC67, MC9500 and some traditional products. Now it all depends ultimately on the speed and pace of development of the new OS by Microsoft. But I'd characterize it more around customer facing. Mark, I don't know what you think.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I completely agree. When you think about back office, rugged, you usually don't have touch screen kind of devices. You're not as worried about that, if you will, consumer user interface. And there's a lot of investment. As Greg has mentioned in the past, almost 100% of all vendors, not just Motorola, of those kinds of devices are Microsoft based. Therein lies some of this delay and the interest from the industry in the next generation from Microsoft of what they're going to go do. At the same time though, we do want to provide options as we go forward, and that's what we're continuing to do. I do think the exciting piece of all of this is, while we have been slow to ramp up in our sales of large projects, and we've talked about that for the last several quarters, it is encouraging both engagement with customers. I was also at a recent partner event with our top 100 partners and there was excitement actually about their engagements, our new products, what we're talking about, roadmaps. And our actual funnel activity has really increased quarter-over-quarter strong double digits. And in fact, the large project funnels, those over $15 million, have increased 25%. So while we know we've got to go execute in Enterprise, and we've talked about it being second-half driven, it is encouraging that we're seeing good signs that, that will indeed happen.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And when you talked about having a new Microsoft-release product piloted by the end of the year, can you just expand on that? Is that something that you're waiting on Microsoft to release? Or is it something that you are going to release? And doesn't that imply that we wouldn't really expect to see much improvement in that area until that product is out?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, again, so characterize it more as customer-front facing. And we're already shipping product with the MC40 with Android and specific enterprise features around that. Simona, yes, we will wait for Microsoft to give us a release of the successor to Windows-embedded handheld. And then we will take it, and test it, and certify it along with the necessary wireless carriers here in the States like Verizon and AT&T. So yes, but we're working -- the 2 development teams are working pretty closely on the architecture of the system, the chipset design, the timing of different releases. But yes, we are working with and primarily waiting on. But it is a very iterative discussion again that I referenced we had as late as yesterday and we'll continue to have over the next few months.
Mark F. Moon: The other important point around that though is, so that you don't think that they'll just wait on this new product. We talked about earlier, and Greg mentioned, that we are OS agnostic. And this solution with Rhomobile allows customers to not only move forward with Android, but move forward as well with existing Microsoft products that we're offering as we've gone forward. We've talked about actually upgrading some of our good strong sellers that are leading the industry. So while there's this interest in the future roadmap, there's still compelling reasons right now to move forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: First question has to do with the services. It appears that services increased or the percentage of business quite a bit over, I guess, last year. How should we look at this going forward? Should we expect to stay at this level or continue increasing?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I think we talked about last year, both at the financial analyst meeting and through the quarters, that we've continued to expand our services capability, and we want to continue to do that as we think about solutions for customers. And as we talk to customers in the field, they're asking us to look at integrating more components of their overall needs. So our services piece is expanding, and we see that happening as we go forward. With that said, I think when Ed talked earlier about the Enterprise mix, the increase in services as a percentage of equipment in Enterprise this past quarter was really driven, not as much by strategy but more by the lack of sales volume of Enterprise equipment, which impacted the margin. So I think as we go forward, what we've talked about is, even with this increase in service, we continue to believe that we can maintain our operating margins and our course of continued operating margin improvement.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, the thing I would add, Keith, is that we will stay close to the core on services. So we're not going to stray too far on things that are not core to our business. So I point you back to a great opportunity that we capitalized in Norway, where we're operating under the services banner a multiyear TETRA network. I just returned from Australia last week. Australia is arguably probably the best managed services theater that we have in the world, both on MMR, LAN mobile radio, as well as a mobile data network. And there's other opportunities there as well. And then lastly, the other opportunity is both on Government and our rugged mobile computing I would characterize around life cycle managed services. So if some customers may opt to not buy mobile computing devices, but in turn have us do it, have us do the technology refresh, have us price a managed services engagement that allow us to manage the device portfolio and provide them a cost per user or a monthly charge, we'll do that. So things around public safety, Public Safety LTE and the rugged mobile computing space, represent very good service opportunities that are adjacent to our core and that can be used to capitalize on our domain expertise.
Operator: And our next question from Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick question for Greg. I know you kind of touched up on this. But on the Enterprise business, it seems over the last year to 1.5 years, there's been various reasons why revenues haven't come through, whether it's macro or big deals being pushed out, now wireless LAN and then the OS transition. I'm just wondering, is a more structural portfolio review being done? Is that being considered? And I see the point that Ed made on maybe pulling back on investments, but what about actually looking to actually lower the cost base in that business if the -- if you don't see the recovery in the second half, how do you see that [indiscernible]?
Gregory Q. Brown: So, Kulbinder, couple of things. On rugged mobile computing, you're right. It's been sluggish for a few quarters. As we articulated, we expect a thoughtful second half return for the reasons we've described. That said, it also really was very, very strong for probably 6 to 8 quarters prior to this latest downturn. So it's a great core business for us, but it does have more cyclicality and swings that are more susceptible than macroeconomic than the steady, stable, more predictable Government business where we have a stronger position. And quite frankly, we're between the age of the infrastructure narrowbanding, the global move from analog to digital and a whole host of other reasons, while that business is more stable. We still believe and I still believe that in the core of our Enterprise business, this downturn is more cyclical than structural. Now we'll always be mindful and be careful not to drink our own Kool-Aid and continually re-examine the different drivers of the business, but I still think it's more cyclical. WLAN, to your point, is different. That's a business -- that's an overall market that's north -- that addressable market's north of $4 billion or $4.5 billion. We have consistently lost share in WLAN, and we just haven't executed that well. Now it is a little bit more embryonic in terms of our strategic change from product to managed services, but we've got to do a better job. So I distinguished when we talk about "the Enterprise business," I distinguish WLAN from rugged mobile computing and data capture. In rugged mobile computing and data capture, we're #1 worldwide. We've talked about the design expertise, the installed base, leading market share, a new product portfolio. WLAN is different. And we've got to turn that corner relatively soon, and we're going to keep a close watch on that business over the next few months. Having said all that, we will continue to manage the cost structure appropriately. We're committed, irrespective of revenue levels, to get at the 18% operating margin that I think the business can yield from an operating leverage standpoint. And going forward, we will always look to expand that, as well as operating earnings and operating margin expansion.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I'll follow up on that question, actually. Maybe more specifically, if I think about your -- the longer-term operating margin in the Enterprise business, it's obviously been trending down the last couple years. How do you think about that? Are you willing to say, is it -- can that be a mid-double-digit operating margin business? And what gets you back to that?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it can be a double-digit operating margin business. What gets us back to that is return to growth at the top line, the traction and acceptance of new products; for us to take the expanded funnel that Mark described and convert it to sales; for us to capitalize in Asia, as an example; the improvement of channel management and sales coverage in certain theaters there; and the continued discipline around cost structure. So I think we can do that. By the way, just even though this isn't specific, you were talking more about Enterprise, I do want to just mention Government and Public Safety LTE that Mark referenced earlier. We had talked about Public Safety LTE being no more than $100 million primarily in the second half of this year in '13. And as we revised our total outlook for the year of 3% to 4% revenue growth, we've gone through what we think that yields on the Enterprise side. We think that LTE overall is probably now no more than $50 million for the full year, largely in the second half, driven by taking a little bit longer to close some international sales and the continued elongated process with FirstNet here in the States. And I just want to make sure I communicated that all to you in a very open and transparent way.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And can I ask one follow-up? Just on Q2, the Government revenue growth rate is a little bit less than what it was in Q1. And I knew you got a tough comp there. The Q2 '12 was the strongest quarter. But wondered if you can just put a little color around that. I'm thinking sort of bigger picture. Is there any, are there any funding issues at the state and government levels, a sequester or anything, driving that? It sounds like Q1 was partly or largely due to this Asia Pacific issue with the professional and commercial. Is it more of that in Q2? Or what are some of the different trends that are slowing the growth rate in Q2?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, so I think you hit on the first piece, is we've talked about the slightly tougher comp, 14% growth in the previous year in Government. As we talked about, while the business is a very, very steady, given some of the very large projects, it can also be a little lumpy. And we have a little bit of that when we talked about we're still -- the full year is solid. We saw a very strong first quarter. So we have a piece of that as well. Also, what you talked about around the PCR is you spoke of, that was primarily the driver in Asia -- the Asia region of Government, but PCR also slowed as we talked about in the end of the first quarter. So that's a little bit in the second quarter as well. Also, in the second quarter, the impact of rebanding in the second quarter and as we go forward becomes a little bit more pronounced than it was in the first quarter when you talk about year-on-year comparables. While we talked about last year rebanding impacting approximately 3% of our growth, it looks like, as we were also working against that headwind, which also plays in the PCR market, as well as some of our systems business. So all in all, I think as I've said earlier, the Government business will continue to perform very resilient, but the second quarter in particular is really driven by comps, some large projects as we talk about, the funnel's still growing, and just the normal nature. Usually when we look at really volumes in the Government business, first quarter and second quarter historical national volumes have been very similar. So coming against that comp, really kind of -- or moves to the difference in growth rates.
Operator: I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: All right, thanks. I just wanted to remind everyone the details outlined highlighted items. Our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on the motorolasolutions.com investor website. Audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on the site. As for the call, as mentioned at the outset, during the call we have made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable Federal Securities law. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales growth, including segment and region; earnings per share outlook; future operating margins; our expected declines in iDEN; amount of other income and expense; future tax rates; capital allocation framework, including movement to net debt; foreign exchange rates; refunds of foreign tax deposits; the timing and impact of new products and solutions introductions, including OS developments; impact of regional organizational changes; improvements in our business; share repo and dividends. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Info about the factors that could cause, and in some cases, have caused such differences can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 8 through 12 and item 1-A of our 2012 Annual Report, Form 10-K in our other SEC filings. Thanks, and we'll talk to you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-23 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President and President of Sales & Product Operations
Analysts: Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division John Barta - Northcoast Research Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss fourth quarter and full year results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President and President, Sales and Product Operations. Greg and Ed will review our fourth quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for the Q&A session. Earlier this morning, we posted an earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. It's important to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. Q4 was another great quarter for Motorola Solutions. These quarterly results capped another very strong year for our company. 2012 marked a number of key accomplishments: solid sales growth, operating earnings expansion and double-digit EPS growth, strong cash flow and significant capital return to our shareholders. Q4 highlights included record sales and operating earnings, continued leadership and innovation with new product launches and the acquisition of Psion. This morning, we reported fourth quarter sales of $2.4 billion, an increase of 6% from Q4 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings from continuing operations were $1.18 per share compared to $0.54 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing ops were $1.10 per share compared to $0.87 per share in Q4 of last year, a 26% increase. For the full year, we posted revenue growth of approximately 6% while increasing non-GAAP operating earnings by 9%. For the remainder of the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 10% for the quarter. We saw strength across the portfolio, driven by double-digit growth in ASTRO and TETRA. Government sales increased 12% for the full year. Our growth was driven by a number of factors including the analog-to-digital transition, aging public safety infrastructure, U.S. narrowbanding and our broadest and most competitive portfolio ever. In our Enterprise business, sales decreased 3% from the year-ago quarter, including the anticipated decline in iDEN. On a full year basis, Enterprise revenue declined 5% as many large customers postponed deployments in the face of soft economic conditions and uncertainty. We do believe that the challenges in this segment were more cyclical than structural. I'll now turn it over to Ed to discuss our financial results in more detail, then I'll return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional thoughts on our business performance.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q4 sales grew 6%, in line with our expectations. This marks yet another quarter of improved operating leverage as our disciplined cost management and targeted investments continued to yield operating margin expansion. On a full year basis, revenue grew 6% to $8.7 billion, while operating earnings as a percent of revenue was 17.3%. This represents a 9% increase in operating earnings from 2011. EPS in the fourth quarter was $1.10, which represents a 26% increase. For the full year, we delivered a 23% increase in earnings per share. In Government, we continue to see robust growth as fourth quarter sales totaled $1.7 billion, an increase of 10% from the prior quarter. 2012 full year Government revenues grew 12% to $6 billion. Sales for the Enterprise business decreased by 3% to $733 million in Q4. Excluding the impact of the Psion acquisition, Q4 revenues declined 12%. For the full year 2012, the Enterprise business posted revenues of $2.7 billion, declining 5% year-over-year. This decline was driven by the macroeconomic environment and constrained IT spend; fewer large deals in areas that were strong last year, such as transportation and logistics; and unfavorable FX. Operating expenses were $761 million or 31.2% of revenue, which represents a 30-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Our operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $476 million or 19.5% of sales compared to $444 million or 19.3% in Q4 2011. I am pleased with our quarterly year-over-year improvement, as well as our full year performance, as we grew 2012 operating earnings by 9%. This improvement was achieved despite approximately $50 million in incremental U.S. annual pension expense in 2012. Our teams continue to drive profitable growth by making the critical investments required to grow the business while exercising disciplined cost management. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $16 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $9 million in Q4 of 2011. Our effective tax rate was approximately 32% for the quarter. This was lower than expected due primarily to true-ups of prior year taxes based on the recent filing of the U.S. income tax return, resulting in approximately $0.04 of additional EPS in Q4. The cash tax rate was again below 20% for the year as we continue to utilize available tax credits on our balance sheet. We expect the remaining tax credits to contribute to an average cash tax rate of approximately 20% for the next several years. I'm extremely pleased with our execution on delivering cash flow for the quarter. Cash flow from operations was $564 million this quarter. This was driven by strong net income and improved working capital management across the board. This includes an improvement in days sales outstanding and inventory turns from Q3. For the full year, we generated operating cash flow of $1.1 billion, which includes $340 million of contributions to the U.S. pension plan. We ended the quarter with $3.6 billion in cash and investments and $1.9 billion in debt. During Q4, we repurchased $326 million of stock, which brought us to $2.4 billion or nearly 50 million shares for the year. In the first 6 quarters of the plan, we repurchased $3.5 billion or 76 million shares at an average price of $46.57. This means we've reduced our net share count by 20% over this period. In addition, we paid $73 million in dividends during the quarter and a total of $270 million for the full year. Before turning to our outlook, I want to spend a moment to summarize some important changes in terms of pension expense and cash contribution to the U.S. pension plan. Interest rates continue to decline from last year's historic lows, and based on the 4.35% discount rate at the end of 2012, our total underfunded U.S. pension balance increased from $2.2 billion to $2.8 billion. With that said, we expect 2013 U.S. pension expense to return to levels more consistent with 2011 or approximately $130 million. The year-over-year decrease is driven by changes to our loss amortization period, which was increased from 9 years, the previous estimate of remaining service period for active employees, to 28 years, the average remaining total participant life expectancy. The increase in the amortization period is in accordance with relevant accounting rules and was driven by the change in mix of active and non-active employees remaining in the plan, and substantially, all of our plan participants are no longer actively employed by the company due to significant employee exits as a result of the Mobility spin and recent divestitures. We are planning approximately $300 million in cash contributions to the U.S. pension plan in 2013, and we expect similar levels of contributions in future years. Now turning to our Q1 and full year outlook. For Q1, we expect sales growth of 4% to 5% over the first quarter of 2012. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.62 to $0.67 from continuing operations based on the Q4 ending share count. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q1 2012 of $0.59 per share. This outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.13 per share and other items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. Moving to full year 2013. Our outlook is for sales growth of 5% to 5.5%, which includes an anticipated $65 million year-over-year iDEN decline to approximately $200 million. We expect non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 18%. Operating cash flow should improve largely in line with net income growth. In addition, I would like to provide some color on a few other items. We expect other income and expense to be a net expense of approximately $25 million per quarter, while our full year effective tax rate should be approximately 34%. We also plan quarterly share repurchases to approximate the levels that we have executed over the past 2 quarters. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Ed. In Government, our sales for the quarter were $1.7 billion, up 10% over Q4 2011. We continued to see broad-based growth across the portfolio and in all regions. Profitability for the business also increased, with operating earnings of 21.8% of sales compared to 19.8% in Q4 of last year. For the full year, we saw strong growth across all of our major product lines in Government, including double-digit growth in ASTRO and TETRA, along with near double-digit growth in our professional and commercial radios. In addition, growth extended beyond our radio solutions with double-digit growth in our mission-critical command and control portfolio. Full year growth of 12% was balanced across both infrastructure and devices. Mission-critical system infrastructure sales increased significantly in ASTRO and TETRA, which, we believe, is an indicator of future subscriber demand. Since 2009, our focused R&D investments have led to the introduction of over 100 new products across both subscribers and infrastructure. And while mandates to improve spectrum efficiency encouraged some of our U.S. customers to upgrade, our new product introductions and expanded portfolio were a far more significant driver for us, demonstrated by our international growth. We had a strong finish to a very good year in North America, with full year sales growth of 14%. We also had double-digit growth in Latin America this year and solid growth in EMEA and Asia as well. In ASTRO, our market-leading P25 technology, we now have over 30 customers contracted for Phase 2 TDMA systems. This technology is twice as efficient as required by the current FCC narrowband mandate in the United States and enables double the channels and throughput. And during the quarter, several new customers signed up for this industry-leading solution, including Montgomery County, Pennsylvania for $39 million; Tacoma, Washington for $28 million; Clayton County, Georgia for $17 million; and Onslow County, North Carolina for $13 million. Customers like these who are investing in our next-generation systems have the assurance that new radios with enhanced features remain interoperable and backward-compatible with legacy P25 Phase 1 radios using our dynamic dual-mode feature. Our solutions allow customers to incrementally invest like Camden, New Jersey, a municipality that recently added a $12 million expansion to their countywide trunk system to add geographic coverage and new users from surrounding agencies. Our ASTRO technology extends beyond North America as we now have deployments in over 60 countries as well. Several new awards this quarter highlight this trend, including in Latin America: Colombia, Ministry of Defense for $12 million; Panama, Ministry of Public Safety for $6.5 million; and a large system for the Brazilian Army. And in Australia, we won numerous awards across all the mainland states that exceed $25 million in total. We had a record year in TETRA. We also celebrated a shipment milestone for TETRA with 2 million units shipped over the life of the portfolio, a portfolio which we've expanded significantly. Just 3 years ago, we only had 1 TETRA radio model. We now have a portfolio of over 8 radios, with the introduction this quarter of 2 new mobiles and the most advanced TETRA portable radio in the world. We're seeing the results of this TETRA investment with wins throughout Europe, including Germany, and also, in Asia. For example, the State of Brandenburg, Germany recently selected Motorola for a 4-year agreement to supply over 20,000 TETRA radios, along with software and services for police, fire and EMS. Other TETRA wins this quarter included a multimillion dollar project with a large nuclear power company in Russia, upgrades for the Shanghai Metro system for $7 million and awards for the Shanxi Police and Guangdong Police in China. Moving on to our Enterprise segment. Sales in Enterprise were $733 million, a decrease of 3% from Q4 of 2011, including the anticipated decline in iDEN and the addition of $72 million in Psion revenues. Operating earnings declined to 14.1% of sales from 18.2% last year. For the full year, the 5% decline in the Enterprise segment was impacted by the anticipated decline in iDEN of nearly $100 million, partially offset by the Q4 revenues from Psion. Our results were impacted by external factors such as a challenging macro environment leading to suppressed IT spend and unfavorable FX. In addition, there was some uncertainty around operating system roadmaps for enterprise mobile computing that we believe caused some customers to pause. Looking across the portfolio on a full year basis. Advanced data capture grew single digits, offset by a single-digit decline in enterprise mobile computing and a double-digit decline in WLAN. Despite the macro uncertainty, our engagement with customers remain strong, with examples of some customers who continue to invest in our mobile technologies which yield high return on investment. The largest bakery in the world, Grupo Bimbo, recently awarded us a global supply agreement for mobile computing solutions that includes the M65 [ph] for use in direct route delivery and bakery operations, beginning with a deployment in Mexico. And Target recently awarded us a contract to deploy next-generation mobile computers in their stores. This quarter, The Home Depot continued to invest in their first phone platform. These are associate productivity tools based on our mobile computing devices. Home Depot's investment will help to further reduce the time an associate spends on store tasks. Their goal has been to reduce task time from 60% to 40% and in return, enable store associates to spend more time with customers. The Motorola solution provides inventory information and the communications an associate needs to serve a customer. Ferguson, the largest wholesale distributor of residential and commercial plumbing supplies in the U.S., recently chose Psion's EP10 devices to fully optimize its logistic and delivery fleet. And Volkswagen recently chose Psion mobile computers for use in manufacturing at warehouse operations at their Puebla, Mexico plant. Italiane Poste (sic) [Poste Italiane] invested in our DC92 [ph] scanners, along with an additional 10,000 MC65 mobile computers to be deployed through their post offices in Italy. Australia Post recently ordered 9 million worth of mobile computing solutions, and Norwegian Post ordered 2 million of additional MC65 mobile computers as well. For the second year in a row, we were recognized as the Best Partner Supplier to Tesco. In addition, we received their Innovation Partner of the Year for our work on the SB1 and the personal shopping solution based on our MC17. This partnership with Tesco is an example of the deep domain expertise and investment that Enterprise customers expect from Motorola. We recently introduced the MC45, a value-tier WAN-enabled device that extends our knowledge worker portfolio, for reaching the field mobility segments in emerging markets. We also announced the P6000 (sic) [MP6000] multiplane scanner, which fits inside the checkout counters used by retailers. Our investment in camera-based technology have enabled us to enter this new segment with a superior product to serve many existing retail customers and address a $250 million market opportunity that is new to us. The National Retail Federation's annual big show was just last week. Show attendance and our booth traffic was up significantly from last year as attendees were interested in new technology for retailers to improve their customers' experience. One theme from the show was clear, that a more informed consumer is driving retailers to invest. Our annual consumer shopping study revealed that over 60% of retail managers believe that shoppers are better connected to information than their in-store employees. Retailers who embrace technology and enable their store associates to directly engage shoppers are creating differentiation through customer service and avoiding costly lost sales. Now switching gears and turning to a regional overview of the company. North America grew 9% for the quarter and year driven by strength across the Government portfolio, especially within ASTRO and professional and commercial radio. In Enterprise, depressed IT spend contributed to fewer large deals in enterprise mobile computing, while our data capture business turned in solid results. EMEA grew 4% for the quarter, including Psion, while full year growth came in at 2%. Government returned to growth for the year despite the challenging backdrop of austerity. Contracts like Norway and Germany and the expanded TETRA product portfolio contributed to a good year. Enterprise declined but held up well considering the unfavorable euro impact in 2012 and a mid-20% growth compare in the previous year for 2011. Asia grew 5% for the quarter and for the full year. Although these results were below our expectations, we remain confident in our long-term prospects for this region. Latin America grew 16%, excluding iDEN. Government grew solid double digits as we saw good performance in several of our larger countries. In services, we had a great year as well, with 9% growth driven by solid results in our largest region of North America and double-digit growth internationally. In our Government business, we recently signed managed service contracts with Austin, Texas for a $32 million multiphase upgrade that will ensure their P25 system stays current with evolving technology; and with Prince William County, Virginia for a $25 million computer-aided dispatch solution. Enterprise customers are also looking for end-to-end solutions, and we signed several agreements with nationwide retailers that attach managed services and comprehensive device management with our mobile computers. In October, many of our customers and employees on the East Coast were impacted by Hurricane Sandy's devastation. Motorola was on the ground to help, and we continue to assist with rebuilding efforts. Storms like Sandy illustrate the unique requirements public safety has for their mission-critical networks built around highly redundant architectures that include features like talk around, where our devices communicate directly with each other. It's estimated that almost 25% of the commercial cellular towers in the area were off-line due to the hurricane. However our LAN mobile radio systems were fully operational and available to assist first responders with their rescue and recovery efforts. Q4 results were a great finish to another outstanding year: solid revenue growth, expanded operating margins, over 26% earnings per share growth and continued return of capital to shareholders. We continue to execute on our strategy with a sharpened focus on Government and Enterprise and a promise to help people be their best in the moments that matter. I'd like to thank our 22,000 employees for another year of focus and performance, and I look forward to 2013. The demand drivers for our business remain solid, and we continue to invest and innovate for profitable growth.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, could you please remind our callers on the line how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I was wondering how you see the evolution of your operating expenses in 2013. If I look at the -- just the way you've guided the year and the plan and operating margins, if I assume things are not going to change much on a -- at your gross margin level, I thought that end up with OpEx growing at a faster rate than in 2012. So is that just me making the wrong assumptions? Or do you see like expenses increasing a bit faster this year compared to last year?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think on the operating expenses side, you shouldn't see significant changes year-over-year. The one benefit that I had mentioned was the pension expense will be a bit better. Other than that, we will dial up and dial down as appropriately within R&D, marketing and selling to ensure that we're addressing the opportunities. But the year-over-year levels should be relatively consistent, up slightly, driven by annual merits and the like, Pierre.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And maybe, if I can just ask one quick follow-up. You have a lot of new products coming in, in your Enterprise division. And could you give us an update on these products? When do you expect them to hit the markets? And if you have already some perspective on whether your Enterprise clients are going to adopt to these new products really quickly or if we are in a situation where there is a risk of a very slow ramp-up because of the economic environments?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, Pierre, I think that we have a couple of the new products already available now on the enterprise mobile computing side. To be more specific on some of the new, new, the MC40, we expect to be available and shipping in Q2, which is great, a front-store-facing operations device that will expand our portfolio. Our SB1 smart badge should also be generally available in Q2. And then, the multiplane scanner should be available by midyear as well. So in addition to some of the new MC series mobile computing devices that are already shipping, we have these new products that will be available in a couple of quarters, and we feel pretty good about the portfolio.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have 2 questions. First of all, can you talk a little bit -- you mentioned a little about a pause in mobility. Is that Enterprise related to like the uncertain IT budget spending environments? Or what kind of caused that pause? And if so, is that kind of -- is it going to be resolved here in the next couple months? And then, the second question I had is on the your net cash position, can you just kind of remind us of your goals, your leverage plans and any debt you may take out, kind of time line we should think about and using it for stock buyback, accretive acquisitions?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Jim, on the Enterprise side, I think the pause was due to a few things: Number one, fewer larger deals, which represented basically a number of smaller deals that made it difficult to compare on the previous year comp. But also, the pause was around, to your point, IT spending acknowledging the macro environment. I think we believe that will improve as IT spend and -- IT hardware spend is anticipated to increase. There was also, I think -- and I mentioned it last call anecdotally, but I think that around operating system roadmaps, specifically Microsoft Windows 8, which has been remediated, and we announced at NRF plans the incorporate Windows Embedded 8 into some of our devices in '13, so I think that takes care of itself as well. So generally speaking, I think that the environment for Enterprise should improve. Remember also in Enterprise, we also have a couple of products available on Android, our ET1 tablet and new device that I just referenced with Pierre, the MC40. So we feel pretty well equipped because we have devices on Microsoft 6.5.3 and devices on Android, with extra enterprise security great features that have been developed on top of Android. And we also have HTML5, which is a web browser level. So we can accommodate applications through a variety of different enterprise environments. Between that, new products and an improving external environment, we think it should get better. In terms of debt -- or net cash and debt, Ed and I have talked about we came out of the quarter with net cash of $1.9 billion, gross cash of $3.6 billion. And it is our intention at some point in 2014 to go into a net debt position. And the only other color I'd give you, Jim, on cash is referencing you to Ed's comments in the script, which talked about share repurchases of approximately in line or comparable to the previous 2 quarters, Q3 and Q4. So that should dimensionalize where we are in net cash, where we're headed with net debt and our planned expenditures. Very much in line with what we outlined at the financial analyst meeting last year. We're well on our way there.
Operator: And we'll go next to Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: My first question for Greg is just in terms of the revenue growth of 5% between Government and Enterprise, can you give us an idea as to how each of them grow? Maybe I missed it, but in 2012 for the full year, what effect did you see narrowbanding had? And then, the second question is kind of a follow-up to the last one, I guess [indiscernible] -- maybe this is more for Greg. Is that you guys have exceeded on your margin numbers. Your free cash flow conversion is improving. Why is that debt -- adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2x the appropriate number? Why wouldn't that number be higher? And what would make you consider taking that [indiscernible] and distributing even more cash to shareholders? Is it under consideration? Or do you have good reasons to believe you can keep it at this level?
Gregory Q. Brown: So on the revenue first, Kulbinder, for the full year in '13, as kind of a backdrop to the overall revenue growth of 5% to 5.5%, we're planning for Government to be up low- to mid-single digits, Enterprise to be up mid- to high-single digits and of course, that includes Psion and includes the contraction of $65 million of iDEN for narrowbanding.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, Kulbinder, in relationship to narrowbanding, I think we have spoken in the past it was approximately 3% of the growth in the quarter and approximately 3% for the full year for the Government growth, when you think about that. I think as you look going forward, and we've talked before, remember though, narrowbanding was just a U.S. phenomena, and it really only impacted about 30% of the U.S. installed base. So as we look going forward, we're still excited about our product portfolio with the new features, their efficiency, the fact of users moving from analog to digital, an aging installed base. And you saw throughout all the regions, as Greg mentioned earlier, we had growth in the Government segments. So it was not really just a narrowband U.S. impact.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the EBITDA and debt levels, Kulbinder, we have talked about an adjusted-debt-to-adjusted-EBITDA something with a 2 handle on it. We're still comfortable with that. With that said, I would mention that the pension obligation going up to the level that it did, something in the mid-2s, is probably more appropriate at this point, and with that, we believe we can maintain that solid investment-grade rating. But you're right, as we grow EBITDA levels, we will be increasing the debt levels, as we had outlined -- as I said last year at the financial analyst meeting, such that we get to the point of a net debt position by 2014.
Operator: And we'll go next to Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First, I have a clarification. I wonder if you could just lay out again what the pension expense and the cash contribution was in 2012 and what you expect those 2 things to be in 2013. And then, on the share buyback, if I build in the $300 million or so a quarter in buyback, I don't get anywhere near a net debt position in 2014, given the free cash flow generation. So should we expect that to accelerate at some point after the next couple of quarters because of the timing of getting cash back from overseas? Or maybe I'm just building in too much free cash flow, but any commentary around that would be helpful.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think I can fill in the blanks a little bit with some assumptions that you need to add in there because there's a couple different elements within the capital allocation plan. But first, on the pension side, pension expense, I think, was approximately $185 million this year, and we should go to approximately $130 million for next year. So that's the improvement that I had mentioned. Cash contributions were approximately $340 million this year, and that will go something in the range of approximately $300 million next year, so a little bit of improvement in both. And on the capital allocation plan, I think those levels do get us on the right trajectory. The one thing that we are factoring, as we had mentioned, as part of our capital allocation plan that 50, 30, 20 allocation of share repurchase and acquisitions does include an element of acquisitions as well, so we would plan for some level of acquisitions. Of course, you'd need to meet all the right hurdles in that capital allocation plan such that we get to that net debt position by 2014.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And then, on the full year Enterprise growth, Greg, that you mentioned, should we expect that to be back-end loaded given the comps get a lot easier? Or do you see something in the visibility of that business where we might expect that to be positive earlier in the year?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it will obviously improve from the previous year, but I would think the trajectory, Tavis, will be gradual as we go through the year.
Operator: And we'll go next to the side of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Greg, you talked a lot about the new products, both in the Enterprise and the Government side, and it seems like ASTRO and TETRA are doing very well. Can you give a sense revenue-wise how each -- I don't know how you segment out prior products versus new products. Can you give us some sort of sense as to, revenue-wise, how large the new products are within your portfolio and how that's grown over the last couple of years?
Gregory Q. Brown: So we do track NPI revenues as a percentage of the overall revenue contribution. Obviously, as you might imagine, Ehud, with the increased NPIs, new product introductions, that have materialized. The percentage as a basis of total revenue has increased. We don't break out with any level of granularity or detail beyond that. But it is -- it's consistently gotten better, as you've mentioned, clearly on the ASTRO and TETRA side, and we expect it to improve on the Enterprise as well, given the number of new products both toward the end of this past year and the launches that we have in Q1 and Q2.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And following up just on that before I get to something else. Is the margin different at all on new products? Because they're new, you can maybe charge more for them? Or should we look at them as just a continuation of the previous portfolio?
Gregory Q. Brown: I would say a continuation and generally comparable.
Mark F. Moon: I think, just to add to that piece, one of the advantages of continuing to refresh our product portfolio is the ability to continue to provide different options so that you're able to maintain the ASPs throughout the portfolio as we go forward.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's actually a helpful way to look at it. Then, Ed, can you quickly go over the pension change that you mentioned, that change in the liability -- amortization period? Just so we can understand that a little bit better. And then, Greg, finally, do you have any thoughts on 2 of your competitors in the Enterprise side, Honeywell and Intermec merging -- Honeywell buying Intermec? And does that give you an opportunity in the near term because of potential confusion in the market? Does that make the industry more consolidated and help pricing? Or do you think that could be more challenging as you go forward? Anything you can say about kind of industry consolidation?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So I'll cover the pension piece first. So the change that we had mentioned really is in accordance with FASB 87. As we've had the spinoff of the Mobility business and the recent divestitures that we've talked about, predominantly all of our employees are no longer active employees of the firm. As a result of that, FASB 87 prescribes that you would use the total population life expectancy to amortize that pension expense, as opposed to what we were using before, which was the active employees' service life remaining with the company. That's the result and change from 9 to 28 years. And if you think about it, a perfectly logical answer, which I think is much more aligned with the economic realities of the pension plan, given that very few of our active employees make up the total participant pool of the pension expense that we're funding and recognizing through expense over a period of time. So that's the change. It was all part of a comprehensive review as well of the plan. As we've looked at our asset returns as well and given the returns on the portfolio, you'll see that asset return come down from what we've assumed over 8% to something with a 7% handle in it going forward. We also adopted a year early the mortality tables, which is a bit more conservative. Given that people are living longer, that expense will expand. So all of that is contemplated and reflected in that net improvement, if you will, that we talked about a little bit earlier in the call.
Gregory Q. Brown: And Ehud, on Honeywell and Intermec, I'd make a few points. First of all, I like it because it validates the attractiveness of the industry. I'm not surprised at all that -- Intermec's been rumored for actually quite a while to be acquired, so I wasn't at all surprised. Obviously, very familiar with both Intermec and Honeywell, but that said, pretty confident in the value proposition we offer. The other thing I'd say is suffice to say we've looked at a variety of acquisition alternatives throughout last year. We prioritized Psion for a reason, and we're very pleased that we added them to the portfolio. We had other options available to us, but Psion was the one we felt the most bullish about because of what they do, their complementary product portfolio and some of the extensions into some other European and other geographies that we think are complementary. Remember, Honeywell continues on this buying spree. They bought HHP, Metrologic, LXE. Now Intermec Vocollect. There'll be several months until the deal is approved, assuming it gets approved. No reason to think it wouldn't, but they'll have their work to do on integrating the variety of mobile computing assets that really for us in Psion is much more clean. And finally, I think in this space, it is less about price and more about total cost of ownership. And the solutions orientation that you bring to bear and the customized and integrated applications that we implement for customers. So net-net, all those ingredients into the blender, we feel good about our position.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeff Kvaal with Barclays.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A couple of questions, I think. Number one, one for you, Greg, would you mind helping us understand what your assumptions are for LTE growth in both North America and the rest of world? And is that a part of your 2013 planning assumptions? And then secondly, I think, Ed, for you, in the past, you talked about backlog. Would you mind giving us an update on that, if you can, please?
Gregory Q. Brown: Jeff, in LTE incorporated into the full year guidance of 5% to 5.5%, we still believe that LTE will not be more than $100 million for the full year largely in the second half of '13, and I think it'll be primarily driven by the Middle East and less North America, from a timing perspective. That said, we continue to work very closely with FirstNet. There's, as you know, some early BTOP awards and spectrum waivers with customers like Mississippi and BayWEB. And Mark and I work closely with FirstNet and those end-user customers in hopes that they will begin to move forward in 2012. But it's not more than $100 million and more international than North America-driven for 2013. But I'd also say though, we continue to invest, from an R&D standpoint, in subscribers, in devices and in infrastructure. We've got 3 products that are announced and launched now, a USB dongle, a vehicular modem, a LEX 700, and that's part of the incorporated R&D spend that we plan.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Well, backlog, I'll cover high level, and Mark, add any color commentary as appropriate here. But backlog, an important thing to note here is backlog is up year-over-year from where we ended Q4 of last year, so up year-over-year, really driven primarily by Government. Enterprise, down a bit, as you would expect, given the sales levels that we're seeing through today, sequentially down a bit but really in line with what we would have expected. So with that, I'll let Mark talk a little bit more color by business.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, just I think, as you think about backlog in particular, from a Government segment, which is a much longer-cycle segment, the fact that we're up significantly by about $500 million year-on-year, I think, is important. Also, I would add that North America coming off of a very, very strong year that we've been talking about each quarter in Government was also flat in backlog, so we did not eat into the backlog, another positive sign of demand. And as we've mentioned, even though Enterprise did not have the year that we had hoped, backlog remains flat as we look sequentially with what happens. And as Greg had mentioned earlier in his comment, we're having a lot of good conversations coming out of NRF, very good excitement, not only about the portfolio, but about the need to continue to do things to enhance employee productivity and enhance the customer experience as they go forward. So backlog, I think, from the perspective of how we look at it, we're in good shape going into the year.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I'd like to follow up on that. And then ask -- it seems as though the expectation that you have for Enterprise growth in 2013 is quite a turnaround from 2012. What are the factors that give you the confidence in there? It doesn't sound like backlog per se supports some of those. Enterprise, of course, is not as big of a backlog business.
Mark F. Moon: Exactly. That's why I kind of compared that sequentially, but you're right. As you look at the Enterprise segment, it is a more quick-turn type of business. When we talked about the drivers that kind of impacted 2012, we talked about the year-on-year comparables. Obviously, as we go into this year, our year-on-year comparable is much different given the performance we had in 2012. There's also been some positive indicators with the projections or forecast for IT spend. IT hardware spend, retail spending are all up year-on-year, which is a good sign for us. We were also impacted by the FX environment, particularly in Europe last year. That seems to be stabilizing. And as we mentioned earlier, a number of new products and some clarity around the iOS roadmap for the future, I think, all brings us with a sense that we can return to mid- to high-single digit growth for the year.
Gregory Q. Brown: And I think that -- don't forget, of course, the incremental revenue from Psion. We have new products shipping, the FX environment, as Mark mentioned, much more stable, and we have clarity on the Windows Embedded 8 roadmap. So there's a few tangible beyond the environmental things that are specific that are improving, so that's incorporated into our thinking.
Operator: And we'll go next to John Barta with Northcoast Research.
John Barta - Northcoast Research: Assuming pricing is constant on the Enterprise side, how should we look at the introduction of Psion's mix of business? Are Psion's products more rugged, higher-priced products or a little less than Motorola's norm?
Mark F. Moon: So I think when you think about Psion's products, they clearly are targeted at a different space than where we primarily compete, things like manufacturing, ports, cold storage; clearly, a rugged product. They have done fairly well in their margins and their average selling prices in the past. We obviously think bringing them into the portfolio, we can begin to leverage the size of Motorola. But what makes us most excited is it really does expand our footprint and the ability to kind of leverage Motorola products into those verticals, Psion products back into the spaces that we discussed, a couple of customers, we mentioned earlier, back into our piece. So together, we think the 2 portfolios are very complementary.
Gregory Q. Brown: In addition to that, John, I think that the opportunity with Psion is on the gross margin side. Their pricing is good. We always thought that there's opportunity for gross margin improvement as they're under the umbrella of Motorola Solutions. As we look at complementary and similar suppliers and component purchases with our larger scale, we believe that we'll be able to improve the gross margin profile from Psion. Less about pricing, more about gross margin improvement.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we're on the right track there, too. We talked about roughly breakeven in the fourth quarter of '12 and in 2013, get to profitability, not quite the levels that were -- that we see across the rest of the business, but we will get to profitability in 2013. That's our current plan.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Hoffman with Cowen and Company.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Another Enterprise question. You addressed the growth equation there a couple of times, but was wondering whether you could add some color on the OS component. You have products, multiple OSs in the pipeline. But how much did buyer uncertainty around OS roadmaps factor into the 2012 equation? And then call out the features that they're looking for and that might help the '13 equation there.
Mark F. Moon: So I think it was clearly a component of the pause. I wouldn't blame it all on that or hide behind it. The category of enterprise mobile computing contracted generally in line with what we contracted. So I think we generally held share. I think there's much better clarity. Remember, the enterprise mobile computing or rugged mobile computing is virtually 100% Microsoft as an installed base. Typically, Windows CE, Windows embedded handheld. So these customers that have Microsoft as a reference point want the clarity and migration to Windows Embedded 8. I think that clarity is now there. We worked closely with Microsoft. We'll be shipping some new product in Q2 that gives those customers critical clarity and comfort around that roadmap. In terms of features, Matt, we add enterprise software features or enterprise-grade features on top of Windows Embedded 8 handheld, either that Microsoft puts in or that we put in, things around enterprise-grade security, power management, optimizing a wireless experience over voice and data and sensors like data capture. It's the unique features in this segment that allow purpose-built devices that are integrated with applications to flourish. And a lot of work's been down there, so we feel pretty well positioned that, that clarity and then ultimately shipping product will give customers what they need by midyear.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Thanks for the color there. That definitely helps out. So just one follow-up on the Enterprise side. You called out wireless LAN. It was down, I think, double digits. You called it out. Do you think that was more the vertical overall? Or is there, again, a product delay or product issue there?
Mark F. Moon: I think the disappointment in what the wireless LAN business is mainly us, not environmental. The WLAN segment, in general, continues to grow. We lost share. We remain strong in our core verticals at retail and transportation and logistics, and we're not pleased with losing share. That said, we do have some strong opportunities in the beginning of the year. The funnel is more robust. We see more customers want to engage less on buying WLAN product per se and more into a managed-services-type value proposition that we'll incorporate and adopt. We feel better that the business can perform better in 2013, and we have higher expectations. But at the end of the day, we've got to deliver. The loss of share is more us than environmental. We got to do better.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: I was hoping you might be able to walk us through the anticipated contribution of the Psion business, the total revenue in 2013 and if you could quantify what type of devices -- or operating system those devices are using. And then I have a quick follow-up.
Gregory Q. Brown: Just to dimensionalize it, again, we had $72 million of revenue in Q4. We're planning on approximately $250 million for the full year for Psion in 2013. As Mark referenced, they're purpose-built devices that are extensions of what we do now, vehicle-mount terminals in a forklift, very rugged cold storage applications, cold storage that'll tolerate subzero temperatures. And their portfolio is Microsoft-oriented as well, so it's very similar, if not identical, to the enterprise mobile computing segment.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And as you think about the profitability of the business that we said we'll get it to profitable. It will be below the levels that we see for the rest of the business, probably something below 10%, above 5%, in that range. If you think about operating expenses in that business, when I gave the commentary earlier, you should make sure that you factor in our year-over-year growth and our operating expenses effectively, the incremental Psion-related spend to support that business, partially offset by the improvement in the pension cost that I had talked about. And with all of that, you should then plan relatively comparable with the impact of annual merits. So spending will be up slight -- up a bit year-over-year in the aggregate. But as a percentage of sales, it will be -- it will improve.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: And then, could you walk us through where U.S. cash versus offshore cash is and your CapEx targets for 2013?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure. So U.S. cash, in excess of 40%, I think 42% or 43%. I think we're $1.5 billion U.S. cash of the total $3.6 billion. Your question on CapEx, was that for 2012 or...
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: 2013.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So as we think of the model, we're kind of simplifying a bit to kind of a 50% -- 50% allocated to a combination of share repurchase or acquisitions, 30% consistent for dividends and approximately 20% for CapEx. We did -- CapEx for the year, we did about $185 million to $190 million for 2012. You should expect us to see higher levels of CapEx next year, and the biggest growth segment there would be in the area where we invest in revenue-type opportunities, build on operated opportunities you've heard us talk about in the past. So more success-based capital will be our goal, and that is really the main driver for the -- what you're going to see year-over-year in the increase in capital expenditures as we get into 2013.
Operator: And I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: All right, thanks. I'd like to remind everyone the details outlined, highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our website. An audio replay, together with today's slides, will be available on the site shortly after this call. As mentioned at the outset, during the call, we've made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities laws. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales growth and operating margins, including by segment and region; earnings per share outlook; operating cash flow improvements; the amount of other income and expense; future effective tax rates and cash tax rates; future pension expense and cash contributions; the amount of future share repurchases and dividends; expected iDEN decline; demand trends for our business and products, such as ASTRO, TETRA, LTE and WLAN; the impact of narrowbanding and the acquisition of Psion, including revenue and gross margin; capital allocation framework, including net debt; new products and solutions introductions. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause, and in some cases, have caused, such differences, can be found in this morning's press release, on Pages 9 through 22 in Item 1.A of our 2011 Annual Report Form 10-K and Motorola Solutions' and other SEC filings. Thanks, and we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President of Sales and Field Operations
Analysts: Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our call to discuss third quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations. Greg and Ed will review our third quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. We have posted our earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials do include a GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation for your reference. It's important that you review these items. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Q3 was another excellent quarter for Motorola Solutions as we delivered consistent revenue growth, strong earnings per share growth, expanded operating margins and continued to return capital to shareholders. This morning, we reported third quarter sales of $2.2 billion, a 3% increase over Q3 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.72 per share from continuing operations, compared to $0.45 per share in the year ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.84 per share compared to $0.66 per share in the third quarter of last year, which represents a 27% increase. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government segment revenues increased 12%, a record third quarter. This reflects growth across the segment driven by a combination of factors including core market growth, new product introductions, international expansion and narrowbanding in the U.S. Operating margins in Government improved 390 basis points year-over-year to 20.4% due to the strong top line growth, favorable sales mix and continued operating leverage as we continue to manage costs. In our Enterprise segment, sales declined 13% from the year ago quarter including a $29 million decrease in iDEN. This segment continues to face headwinds, largely driven by the macroeconomic environment, fewer larger deals and anticipated foreign currency pressure. That said, we remain confident in our portfolio and excited about our new product introductions going forward. I'll now turn it over to Ed to discuss our financial results in more detail. I'll then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional commentary and perspective on our business performance.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q3 was another strong quarter. Revenue growth was 3%, consistent with our total company outlook with Government stronger, Enterprise weaker than we anticipated. Given the difficult compare from the year ago quarter, we are pleased with our top line performance. This growth came despite anticipated foreign currency headwinds of $42 million or approximately 2 percentage points. We saw another quarter of broad-based revenue growth in our Government segment with record third quarter sales of $1.5 billion, an increase of nearly 12% from the prior year. Operating margins in the Government segment improved 390 basis points from 16.5% to 20.4%. Strong sales, favorable mix and continued cost efficiency drove this improvement. Enterprise sales declined 13% to $632 million. Operating margin in the Enterprise segment declined to 12.2%, driven in part by sales mix and foreign currency headwinds. However, the largest driver was the sales decline as underlying expenses remained relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. Turning to earnings. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.84 per share compared to $0.66 per share a year ago, a 27% increase, driven by improved operating performance and share repurchases. Operating expenses were $709 million or 32.9% of revenue, which represents an 80 basis point improvement from the year ago quarter. Overall, I'm pleased with our operating leverage improvement. Operating earnings for the third quarter were $387 million or 18% of sales compared to $359 million or 17.2% in Q3 of 2011. Going forward, we will continue to reinvest in our business and expect to generate returns well in excess of our cost of capital while also improving R&D and SG&A as a percentage of revenue. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $13 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $16 million in Q3 2011. This line item was lower, primarily due to gains on investments during the quarter. Going forward, we expect this line item to be a net expense of approximately $20 million to $25 million consistent with our view last quarter. Our effective tax rate was 35.6% for the quarter. For the full year 2012, we expect our effective tax rate to be 34% to 35%. We still expect a cash tax rate of approximately 20% for this year, and we expect the tax cash rate to average 20% over the next several years as we utilize available tax credits. Cash flow from operations was $182 million during the quarter, which included the impact of a $72 million pension contribution made in late Q3 rather than early Q4 to reduce pension-related PBGC fees in 2013. Our year-to-date 2012 contributions to the pension plan were $340 million, which satisfies the full year planned funding. This represents an incremental $170 million of year-to-date contributions in comparison to last year when we had contributed $170 million through the first 3 quarters. Let me spend a moment on the increase in working capital. There were 2 main contributors to this increase; first, earning inventory balance increased sequentially, which was approximately $20 million higher than expected due to softer enterprise demand; and second, our receivables balance was approximately $100 million higher sequentially. This increase was due primarily to linearity in shipments as well as linearity in billings, which were more back-end loaded in part due to our Q3 ERP conversion. Having said that, it's important to note that there was no meaningful deterioration in our cash receivable aging during the quarter. We remain very focused on working capital management. As you know, this is a long-cycle business with significant milestone billings that can fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter. We remain confident that we will deliver approximately $1 billion in cash flow from operations for full year 2012 consistent with our previous outlook. We ended the quarter with $3.5 billion in cash and investments and approximately $1.9 billion in debt. We purchased $308 million in stock during the quarter at an average price of $47.47. This brings us to over $3.2 billion in share repurchases, which is over 70 million shares at an average price of $45.95 since July of last year. In addition, we paid $63 million in dividends in the quarter. Year-to-date, we have returned over $2.3 billion to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. Now turning to our Q4 and full year outlook. For Q4, we expect sales growth of approximately 6% to 7% over the fourth quarter of 2011. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.98 to $1.03 from continuing operations based on our Q3 ending share count. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q4 of 2011 of $0.87 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expense of approximately $0.13 per share and items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. We are increasing our full year sales outlook to 6% to 6.5% to reflect the recently completed Psion transaction with approximately $60 million in revenue in Q4. This transaction is expected to negatively impact Q4 EPS by $0.02 per share, which includes transaction-related fees and purchase accounting adjustments and is reflected in the guidance for the quarter. I'll now turn it back over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Ed, thanks. In our Government sales -- segment, sales for the quarter were $1.5 billion, a 12% increase of Q3 2011. We saw growth across the entire product portfolio and in North America, Latin America and EMEA. Profitability also improved significantly with operating earnings growing to 20.4% of sales compared to 16.5% in Q3 last year. We saw double-digit growth in both systems and radio devices. Safety and security remains a priority among governments and funding for mission-critical systems continues to reflect this priority. This marks the 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year growth in our Government segment, which demonstrates the priority that mission-critical communications receives in various budget conditions. State and local governments continue to face budget choices, but according to a recent National League of City survey, a majority of financial officers believe their cities are better able to meet fiscal needs and nearly half reported increased expenditures on public safety. Many of the existing public safety systems have been in use for decades and will need to be replaced with next-generation digital systems. However, these transitions will take place over years and on the time lines our individual customers want rather than forced migrations. This underscores the importance of our solutions, which are backwards-compatible and forward-migratable. Customers choosing to invest in new digital systems get enhanced features such as voice clarity, text messaging and GPS. And with digital's more efficient use of spectrum, additional channels means new users can be added to a system. New technology also helps first responder do their jobs better and more efficiently. For example, our tactical incident command feature replaces traditional voice roll calls with accountability functions embedded in the radio system. Using this feature, commanders can automatically keep track of first responders on-scene. The APX roll-call function provides an update on each first responder's radio and, when a critical situation arises, the large emergency button activates a mayday alarm signaling a first responder in distress. Another example of a cost-saving feature with many of our newer systems is that changes to radios can be programmed remotely, saving valuable time and resources previously required to perform field service on the equipment in the field. We continue to expand our industry-leading portfolio to reach new markets and incremental users. We extended our ASTRO system to include a refreshed conventional option, a system type that is commonly deployed in rural communities. And the new APX 4500 is a vehicle mobile radio designed for public works, utilities and rural public safety. New form factors also make radio solutions more compelling to new and different users like the new APX 3000 designed for covert operations. This radio helps undercover officers use a high-powered concealed radio while maintaining mission-critical communications. Or the MOTOTRBO SL Series, an ultrathin and lightweight portable radio designed for service and hospitality industries. We now have over 24 different models on our APX radio platform, and this year we've added 15 new models to the MOTOTRBO family. Platforming helps accelerate new product introductions, drive cost efficiencies and, by tiering features and pricing, we can compete in all areas from small rural agencies to large cities and from local to regional users. I'd like to also spend a moment -- briefly to talk about the status of narrowbanding in the U.S. As you may know, the FCC established a VHF and UHF narrowband requirement nearly a decade ago that applies to approximately 30% of the installed base in the U.S. Most of these public safety users have spent years preparing for the January 2013 deadline. Some communities are now finishing their narrowbanding projects, although more than 50 waivers have been requested by smaller jurisdictions and large metro areas, many of which have outlined the significant effort that's remaining for them. The FCC has granted extensions to several applicants, ranging from several months to over 3 years. And while narrowbanding is a requirement impacting a portion of the market in the U.S., we continue to see solid international growth driven by the compelling features and applications that our new digital solutions offer globally. Our professional and commercial radio portfolio continues a multi-quarter trend of outstanding performance with solid double-digit growth in Q3. With over 2 million devices shipped, the MOTOTRBO portfolio clearly leads the market as it transitions to digital. In fact, almost half of our professional and commercial revenues in 2012 have come from digital products, but there's still a significant opportunity ahead of us as the global installed base of about 40 million PCR radios is still over 90% analog. Growth in Government was across both products and services. Services represents almost 30% of segment revenues, and we're currently executing on more than 700 installation and integration contracts in North America alone. Once these networks are deployed, we provide support services to these customers as well, given the mission-critical nature of the systems. As an example, in North America, we have over 3,000 support contracts with government customers. During the quarter, we had several terrific new service wins, including an agreement with the state of Ohio valued at $80 million over 14 years, a $26 million Prince George’s County in Maryland contract for 5 years and a $14 million agreement with the City of Phoenix for 6 years. Revenues are recognized over the life of these contracts. Also, as public safety IP Networks become more complex, we're working with customers to create enhanced services offerings like the $17 million agreement with York County in South Carolina, which is a comprehensive lifecycle services contract where we'll upgrade, maintain and monitor all of their network components, including third-party equipment, for 7 years. Predictable fixed-fee arrangements like these help customers improve their total cost of ownership, avoid budget surprises and ensures that they have our latest system features during the life of the contract. Now, moving on to the Enterprise segment. Sales in the Enterprise segment were 3 -- $632 million, a 13% decline from Q3 of 2011. Operating earnings were 12.2% of sales, compared to 18.6% last year. Despite fewer large deals in the quarter, we're encouraged by continued dialogues and proposal activity among large customers planning for a technology refresh. I'm also encouraged by our backlog levels and traditional run rate business. Favorable growth drivers also remain, including increasing worker mobility, drive for operational efficiencies, demand for wireless access and expansion products. This quarter, we announced the MC67, the industry's first rugged mobile computing handheld to incorporate a dual core OMAP processor with support for the latest generation of Microsoft Windows-embedded handheld. The MC67 builds on the success of over 600,000 MC55 and 65 enterprise mobile computers that are previously deployed, one of the industry's most field-proven platforms. The compact MC67 supports bandwidth-intensive applications for data capture of high-resolution images, concurrent voice and data communications, location-based services and other features for field service, field sales and direct delivery. We also introduced the WAN version of the ET1 tablet for mobile task workers. Our ET1 industrial tablet has been enhanced with dual-mode WAN to bring the go-anywhere familiarity to a true enterprise-class device with enhanced durability, security and hot-swappable batteries for multi-shift use. While our core focus remains in rugged mobile computing designed for line workers, we've also been investing in an important expansion category to provide devices for new users like retail sales associates and customer service personnel. For example, we've received a terrific customer feedback on the MC40, our first enterprise mobile computer with a full touch screen interface, and a task-specific device, our Smart Badge 1 product. These products are designed to perform tasks like scanning an item to check price and availability, reviewing product specifications and connecting managers and other employees with push-to-talk. The MC40 also enables mobile point of sale. Both of these products are now scheduled to begin shipping this quarter. I'm also excited that we recently closed the acquisition of Psion. This investment strengthens our position in rugged mobile computing and bolsters our strategic position in important industrial segments like manufacturing, warehousing, ports and cold storage. Together with the Psion team, we'll be better positioned with improved scale, reach and leadership in the enterprise rugged mobile computing market. One area of our Enterprise portfolio that saw continued growth was advanced data capture as favorable market trends, such as the conversion to 2D imaging, helped drive demand. This year, we've also seen the emergence of a new driver for our data capture business as retailers that previously didn't use bar codes now adopt scanners at the score -- store level to implement mobile coupons and customer loyalty programs. Some interesting new places where you'll now see these applications include large restaurant chains and coffee companies. Now turning to a regional sales view for the company. North America grew by 9% while we saw declines in the other regions, Asia, 2%; EMEA, 3%; and in Latin America, a 9% decline although that was entirely driven by iDEN. Overall, in our Government segment, we had growth across all regions, except in Asia, where sales were relatively flat. The North America regions saw exceptional growth in Government with double-digit growth. Sales declined across all geographies in our Enterprise segment. This past quarter, we were recognized as the Official Mission-Critical Communications Provider of both national political conventions. Events like these bring together a diverse set of agencies from federal, state and local levels. In Tampa and in Charlotte, our interoperable solutions met the challenges of instant and seamless communications, providing real-time information to ensure that conventions were safe for thousands of delegates and the city's populations at large. I'm also proud of our team for the recognition we recently received from Corporate Responsibility Magazine as a Top 10 Best Corporate Citizen in the information technology sector. In closing, Q3 was another excellent quarter for us with consistent revenue growth, strong earnings growth, expanded operating margins and continued return of capital to shareholders. The fundamental demand drivers for our business remain solid, and we continue to invest and innovate for the future.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please remind our callers how they may ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the site of Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I have a question on the evolution of your operating expenses. They were down $20 million sequentially and like $2 million year-on-year. I was wondering, first, if currency played a significant role in there. And then if you can give us as much visibility as you can on what other parts moved and how much of that is sustainable or more of a one-off? And then when we look into next year, as you integrate Psion, I would assume that there would be a high level of operational synergies there, and so I'm wondering how it's going to impact directionally your OpEx. And then more broadly, if you could give us some color on how you're managing OpEx at the moment on a day-to-day basis, if you have ongoing cost optimization program then and how you're thinking about operating costs reallocation as the time goes?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Okay, so there was -- you snuck in a bunch of questions in there, Pierre. I think we got most of them, and if not, we'll come back to you. On the costs in the quarter, FX had a slight impact, as we talked about. Top line was $42 million of FX impact. At the spending line, it was a few million dollars, probably $4 million or $5 million that offset that as a benefit. So the bottom line when we guided at the beginning of the quarter, really the net impact on earnings was effectively in line with what we expected. The top line was a bit higher than we expected. Remember, we talked about $35 million of impact on the top line. So costs from FX relatively minor in the quarter and they were relatively stable, which is very much in line with the way we've talked to you about our spending, that we're going to -- the spending may remain relatively stable, but we've done a lot of work to ensure that we're spending it in the right place. In other words, taking down certain areas that are not as critical and ramping up where we think we need to and from an innovation perspective and from a go-to-market perspective, so savings really on the G&A side. So we'll continue to go after that.
Gregory Q. Brown: Pierre, in relates -- as it relates to Psion, as we mentioned, we expect $60 million -- approximately $60 million of revenue in Q4. The guidance we're giving you of $0.98 to $1.03 EPS in Q4 also obviously incorporates Psion, which is probably a negative $0.02 in Q4, which includes the transaction fees and purchase accounting adjustments. Going forward, we're excited about the ability to integrate Psion into the enterprise mobile computing product group. There will be synergies, but nothing we're going to share at this point. I think we'll incorporate that and give you a little bit more color in the January earnings call. And as it relates to operating expense management, we, as a team, we're pleased with what we got done in Q3. We felt we did a pretty effective job around disciplined cost management. Now that said, we will continue to invest where we need to in R&D and maybe sales coverage and other areas where we think warrant the investment. But having said that, we will watch operating expenses carefully and prudently going into next year, and we will philosophically look for R&D and SG&A as a percentage of revenue to continue to improve over time.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Did that get everything that you asked, Pierre?
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I think you got absolutely everything.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a question, Greg, on the narrowbanding effect. I think, last quarter you said it was 2 to 3 points of growth. I missed whether you mentioned what the impact has been year to date. And I guess, just on a wider comment, what confidence can you give us as we're getting closer to '13 that you're not borrowing sales from next year on the Government side given you are just so much above the normalized revenue growth rate in that business?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, and Kulbinder, so -- again, first of all, when we give you what we think around growth for the quarter, it's an estimate. But this quarter, for Q3, we think of the 12% Government growth, approximately 3% of that was narrowbanding driven. Remember, as I mentioned earlier, narrowbanding for UHF, VHF is 30% of the installed base in terms of kind of proportionately sizing it. As I mentioned, there's 50 -- currently 50-plus waivers that are filed with the SEC where customers will go beyond the January 2013 deadline. My view is that number will go up and many of these waivers will be granted, which my view means it won't necessarily be a cliff as we go from 2012 to 2013. I think kind of moving back, Kulbinder, there's no question narrowbanding helps. However, more broadly, the overall demand drivers for the business, new features, better efficiency, the aging of the installed base and quite frankly our Government growth outside of the U.S., which has been pretty robust, we think that'll continue. That's obviously incorporated in the 6% to 7% growth for Q4, but we expect Government to perform -- continue to expect strong, almost double-digit performance in Q4.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great, and just one other question on the margins in Government. As you hit these record highs, I guess, is there anything temporary in that just mix-wise that's driving it, or is this just maybe the effect of the portfolio introduction that you guys have been introducing over the last year coming through?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think it's a combination, Kulbinder. I think part of it is the portfolio where we have deepened and broadened both the APX and TETRA product portfolio, which expands the addressable market available to us and makes us more competitive at different price points. I also think that -- it's my sense that state and local governments and -- while not in great shape, of course, are incrementally improving. And as I mentioned earlier, we're getting just a little bit more positive indications from our customers that they're willing to spend a little bit more on public safety. And we've always said, quarter in and quarter out, that we think it remains a very high priority within these budgets and that not all government spending is equal and I think our results reflect that.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Question for you on LTE and as you look at it onto the future, you guys have previously said that you expect the revenue not to be material until 2014. Has anything changed in the U.S. or abroad that will perhaps impact your thoughts there, or if you can provide any color on your thoughts on LTE as we look out now and into the future?
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think that FirstNet obviously has been formed. They had their first board meeting in the end -- at the end of September. I think that process has to unfold and there's a lot of work to be determined there by FirstNet. That said, we feel very well positioned in LTE broadly, given the investments we made in previous periods from a product portfolio standpoint. I'd also remind you that I -- this is clearly not just a U.S. opportunity, it's a global opportunity. We've mentioned previously that we think LTE, as we kind of look out, is probably no more than $100 million of revenue in the second half of 2013. I think the large dimension of that $100 million will be more globally derived than U.S. derived, the Middle East being a particular attractive area for discussion. But just going back to FirstNet, I think they're going to work hard. And I also think, I'm confident that they will engage the public safety users in the states and put a high prioritization around the users, feature set for public safety, but that'll take several months and into 2013 to play out. But in the meantime, we continue to invest and I think we're well positioned, and of course, we're also well positioned with our strategic partner, Ericsson.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Greg, I wondered if you can give us the backlog numbers for the quarter. And Ed, when you referenced the $1 billion of operating cash flow this year, was that a GAAP number or was that excluding the pension contribution?
Gregory Q. Brown: Backlog, Tavis, was relatively flat sequentially, essentially flat for both Government and Enterprise, excluding iDEN. Pretty pleased with it. Can we give the figure?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes.
Gregory Q. Brown: It's about $5.9 billion.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So effectively flat. And on the operating cash flow, Tavis, it's $1 billion operating cash flow, that's all in. So it includes the pension contributions. And the only commentary that we made really during the call was to kind of people are looking at $1 billion of cash flow, you divide by 4, you might expect on a straight-line basis by quarter it'd be about $250 million. We're a bit lower than that, $182 million as we mentioned, really driven by -- primarily by the acceleration of that one pension payment of $72 million into Q3 a few weeks early to save some PBGC fees in '13. AR was elevated a bit as was inventory. But really, as we mentioned, it's really a timing-related item and we expect to close that gap, and again remain confident at $1 billion for the full year.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And so just to make sure my numbers are correct, that would presume somewhere very close to $500 million for the fourth quarter?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's right.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then final question, within your Government segment, remind me how big a percentage the private commercial radio is. And is that growing faster than the Government segment as a whole right now?
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't know that we've talked to the sizing of that. I think we've shown pie charts in the past, but I would say it's growing, I'd say, at relatively comparable rates with the rest.
Mark F. Moon: That's correct.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Greg, despite some of the weakness in Enterprise, you did mention you're encouraged by the backlog. So any commentary on that in terms of spending expectations for Q4?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, so -- I mean, obviously Enterprise was weaker than we thought. But that said, if you normalize for foreign exchange, which was headwinds of about 3%, and iDEN, which declined 4% of the 13%, we're at about a 6% or 6.5% decline for Enterprise. Still not what we'd like it to be, but normalized for foreign exchange and iDEN. I think that there's fewer larger deals in terms of the year-over-year compare at the moment, but the discussions, the engagement, especially in the core verticals that we have, give us reasonable confidence and comfort into the guidance that we're giving you for Q4. I think that as we think about the full year, Craig, we think that Government segment on an annual basis will be double digit, and Enterprise, all in for the full year, will be mid-single digit decline, but that also obviously includes the planned-for decline in iDEN. And I like the fact that [indiscernible] and other people have some significantly new products coming out this quarter and next quarter. So while we're not pleased with it, clearly, we should be able to do better, I think we're managing it okay and we'll keep a close eye on it. But obviously, macroeconomic headwinds impact more the Enterprise segment than our Government public safety segment. We'll keep an eye on it.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, if I could have a follow-up for Ed. The company continues to be aggressive in returning cash through buybacks as well as the dividend. But on the dividend front, you do have a lower payout than the overall market. I'm just curious to get your thoughts in terms of how you view that longer term. Is that an opportunity to kind of true up? And where do you stand in the dividend on a go-forward basis?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's something that we look at perpetually, Craig. And as I've talked about in the past, that's something we -- as we look at that, we look at that more on an annual basis, but as all part of the capital allocation strategy. We outlined a 25% to capital expenditures, 30% to dividend and 45% to that flexible combination of share repurchase or acquisitions. So that's where our current thinking is, but we'll continue to look at that over time to make sure that, that fits with our strategies, with acquisitions and the other elements of that allocation.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When we look at strategically long-term your big picture, I believe, earlier this year, you laid out some goals, which I think was kind of sales growth of, long term, about 5% to 8%. And I believe that was for more than just this year. It's for multiple years. And maybe I've misspoken on that, but I think that was the case. And if so, given the macro and climate plus the LTE, D Block changes and all these waivers going on, should that be reassessed or are other areas picking up to make it still in that confidence range?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think the short answer, Jim, is -- well, first of all, we're always going to look at it and continually reassess it periodically. But at this point, I don't see a need for that -- those kind of goalposts, long-term targets to change at this point. The dimensions may change, obviously. I think just picking up on LTE, I think LTE, for us more near term, will be more of an international contributor than a domestic U.S. contributor, which is different perhaps than what we thought several quarters ago. But in the main, I think we should be able to with the portfolio and the segments to be able to drive reasonable consistent top line growth. And whatever that growth rate is, then commensurately keep the P&L in shape where there's good operating leverage, which was -- which came through really well in Q3 with operating earnings growing 8% and revenue growing 3% and then earnings per share, of course, given the significant repurchase, growing at 27%. So it's all about growing the business but it's also, for us, all about operating leverage and investing capital with high return on invested capital to ensure a strong and superior return for shareholders.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then my follow-up would be on the M&A front, Psion seems like a great natural fit there and a lot of synergies. Are there a lot more companies out there on the M&A front? How robust is your pipeline, and any changes in that given the recent economic uncertainty? Are more companies entering the pipeline or are valuations adjusting quick enough or kind of slower? How can we think about the acquisition, M&A pipeline?
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Jim. I don't think -- I think the funnel around acquisitions for us and things to evaluate remains pretty constant. To your point, some valuations are getting a little bit more attractive. But at the end of the day, I think we're pretty disciplined around this and we're certainly not going to buy things just because we have money in our wallet. It's got to be a high strategic fit, a strong return on invested capital. We have to have the ability to execute and integrate the acquisition. Psion's ideal because it's in a space of mobile computing that we play and lead. And at the end of the day, whatever we acquire has to have a very, very high cultural compatibility quotient. Symbol had it, Psion has it. But we -- I would say it's a pretty steady view and stream of evaluations, but I don't think our thinking around acquisitions have changed in the last few quarters just because of the macroeconomics. It remains pretty consistent.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Jeff Kvaal with Barclays.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes. Greg, could you spend a little bit more time talking about what is happening in the Enterprise side of the business. I mean, the x-iDEN revenue number last year was plus -- last quarter was plus 5%. Now you're talking normalized down mid-single digits. Obviously, the macro isn't great, but has it deteriorated that much? What are some of the drivers across the different regions that are hurting growth there?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, Jeff. So again, 13% year-over-year decline, normalized for FX, that takes it to about a 10% decline. You back out the $29 million iDEN decline -- and forgive me, I'm just doing the formula here, it takes us to about a negative 6% to 6.5% growth for the quarter. Remember, the previous compare was robust in Enterprise, it was up 13%. And I think, at the end of the day, it is really just fewer deals -- we also -- by the way, one other thing, we are no longer pursuing as aggressively as we were what I would call low-end WLAN sales in certain parts of Asia where we were ringing the bell on top line revenue, but the commensurate margin or profitability was more challenging. We've chosen to walk away from that and not compete. So we're not going to pursue revenue for revenue's sake. That was a contributor in the decline of our WLAN business. So those are kind of the ingredients. Mobile computing is down. At the end of the day we believe we're, for the most part, holding share, which is really important in these times. And as I mentioned, given the refresh in a number of new products in the Enterprise portfolio, we'll watch it closely, but we think we will be able to come back a bit and start to grow again.
Mark F. Moon: Jeff, just a little clarity. When Greg mentioned earlier that he felt optimistic about the funnel, when you think about regional clarity, Latin America, I would remind you, is up in Enterprise x iDEN. North America, there was 2 very large deals in the previous year. Absent those 2 large deals, it's mid- to high-single digit growth. EMEA is primarily due to FX, so given a comparable of approximately 20% in the prior year, we're very pleased with the performance in EMEA. And then in Asia Pacific, as Greg just mentioned, absent or normalized for the business or the product area that we decided not to pursue in China, Asia-Pac is also a high-single digit growth in Enterprise. And as we look forward to the fourth quarter and the guidance that we gave you, Enterprise growth in fourth quarter is mid-single digit growth. So I think that, while we're not proud of 13% decline, I think that's why we're speaking that we're also reasonably optimistic about where we are today.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Ed, on a follow-up, could you remind us how much of your buyback you have left?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we've done 3-point -- I think we have $1.8 billion left of the last authorization, so about $1.8 billion.
Operator: We're going to go on to Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So I know we did a lot of math on this iDEN and that seems to be a lot of the decline on a sequential basis as well, I mean, maybe -- I apologize if you mentioned this before, but it looks like iDEN was down over 50% sequentially. So it seems like it's almost pretty much out of the run rate and not going to impact Enterprise going forward anywhere near the extent that it did in the past. So we should actually see a softening effect in Enterprise going into next year. I just want to make sure that, that math is right, I got a number somewhere in the mid-30s for where iDEN is down to.
Gregory Q. Brown: So on iDEN, Hudie, it declined $29 million in Q3.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's a year-over-year example though, right?
Gregory Q. Brown: It is. We also talked on an annual basis that we thought it would be approximately $270 million for the full year of 2012. I think it's within the range of still being that, so -- and I think for the quarter in Q4, it's...
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Something a little bit less than the $29 million is what we're thinking. Something in the lower 20s.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: $20 million for Q3?
Gregory Q. Brown: For Q4.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: For Q4.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so I'm right. So basically, it becomes smaller.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: It becomes a smaller piece, but the trajectory of it, Hudie, as we talked about it, it's somewhat of a similar trajectory is what we're thinking into 2013. But we'll give you more specifics on that in the next quarter's release.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. That's actually very helpful. There was a story out, and I don't know if you can comment on that but it was interesting, a day or 2 ago about the NS -- the deal in Scandinavia perhaps being reopened and someone looking into it or someone checked into it. I wondered if you could comment on that and is there any validity to that? Clearly, there isn't. But I mean how should we look at that story and if you've seen it?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, Hudie, this is Mark. I think, as you said, there was a story out where a competitor or a potential competitor in Norway had complained about the procurement process of the contract transfer from NSN that you're aware of to Motorola. That request is directed at DNK who is the customer in Norway. The customer feels very compelled with the process that they followed and the legal aspects that they looked at. We're obviously -- we're a piece of the contract before, now we've taken on a prime contract responsibility. So we feel confident that we'll continue to execute on the contract and moving forward and we'll let the process run its course in Norway with the customer.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then back to the Enterprise, and I don't mean to beat a dead horse on this, but clearly macro has a lot to do with the decline going on right now. How do you tell the difference between a cyclical and a secular issue with Enterprise? Home Depot is a huge account for you now and it was a big win and when you walk in there they all have Motorola handsets, and it's a great innovative system. But then you walk across the street to Lowe's and they're using iPhones now. How did -- did you compete for that Lowe's business or were you not allowed to compete because you were so big with Home Depot? And should we -- how should we be kind of viewing what Lowe's did with respect to how this business proceeds going forward?
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think, Hudie, and Mark and I will probably tag team this, but a couple of indications of the difference between cyclical and structural are: one, backlog; and two, the forward-looking funnel and the degree of discussion and engagement prospectively that we have with customers. Now I won't get into the detail per se. You're right, Home Depot is a great account, Microsoft orientation. We worked with them on several -- for several years. Lowe's chose a different path. I think that my view is oftentimes, whether it's Pepsi and Coke or McDonald's and Burger King or Home Depot and Lowe's, perhaps part of that decision was incorporated that if one company is going with one vendor, maybe somebody should consider going with another. That said, we watch closely folks like Apple and how visible they are or what degree of engagement they have with customers in the Enterprise. Remember, for us -- I know you know this, Hudie, our sweet spot is the industrial, rugged mobile computing. So we're doing the heavy lifting, the blue collar, the warehouse, the back office. Yes, we go into the store, of course, like a Home Depot. But we're going into a store with a rugged application, with a Microsoft orientation, with ubiquitous push-to-talk and customized applications and a durability factor with the device that's enterprise grade versus consumer. We will continue to watch more anecdotally. I mean, Apple continues to -- we see anecdotal evidence of those conversations with certain Enterprise customers, but it's more TBD. We feel, overall, pretty solid about our position. We'll continue to invest in it and we'll watch to ensure that we're not just breathing our own fumes here on cyclical versus structural.
Mark F. Moon: Just a quick add, too, is that we did compete for the business. Obviously, we don't want to lose any piece of the business. But I would just add that Lowe's is still a very strong customer for us. While Apple did go throughout the store associates with the units that you just mentioned that you see when you go in the store, we still do the wireless LAN network for them, we still do other aspects and we continue to work very closely with Lowe's just as we did with all of our customers.
Ehud A. Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Can you just give a quick update on the Android units and your conversion to Android? Is that just a part of the portfolio, or will you be keeping both Windows and Android going?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think you'll see us do both. I mean, obviously the installed base is overwhelmingly Microsoft. Windows 8 -- by the way, I should have mentioned Windows 8 too. I think that, that is part of the pause in Enterprise spending in part. I can't give you a quantifiable number, but as Windows 8 comes closer, I think some customers wait to see what it's about and its affordability and how we incorporate it in our portfolio. Hudie, we'll continue to do both Android and Microsoft. We're in very good strategic discussions with Microsoft at the highest levels. And we will look to incorporate in the future some devices around Windows 8 that'll support the customized apps and do comprehensive security and VPN support and integrate and optimize voice over WiFi and enterprise WLAN, so we'll do both.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Matthew Hoffman with Cowen.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Another narrowbanding question. If I'm reading your comments correctly, compared to the 3 points of growth you estimate you got in the Government business this quarter, next year in 2013, we should expect the effect of narrowbanding to be lower because of the wind down of the mandate's effect. But there are 50 municipalities out there looking for extensions, so it should be greater than 0. Is that the right way to frame that argument out? And then I'll have a follow-up.
Gregory Q. Brown: Basically, yes, Matthew. It'll be greater than 0 given the 50-plus and there very well be more waivers between now and the end of the year. So yes, that's probably the right way to frame it.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. Then can you help us think about the 50 relative to the overall addressable opportunity within the mandate, so we can -- help us size that?
Gregory Q. Brown: I can't because I don't -- I can't dimensionalize or quantify the 50 or size it and the mix between rural and major metro. Maybe on the next earnings call as we exit 2012 and look forward in '13 we'll have a better appreciation of framing it and quantifying it.
Mark F. Moon: Matthew, just a couple of -- just to give you a little bit more color on that to maybe make you feel you a little more comfortable. Remind that Greg made in his comments that the narrowbanding mandate is just 30% of the user base. So even when you're talking about the residual, you still got the rest of the population of users in North America. I would also remind you that the narrowbanding mandate is not an international phenomenon. And when you look at our Government growth internationally year-to-date, we're 20-plus percent in Latin America, and mid- to high-single digits in Europe and in Asia. So that's why we say if you think about the falloff from narrowbanding, certainly it's going to impact the growth in North America, but we still are seeing very strong growth internationally and in North America as a result of new product introductions, all of our offerings and the benefits that we provide to our customers.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I appreciate the color. One last one, a housekeeper. Wireless LAN, I didn't hear you call it out on the Enterprise side. Can you just fill us in on the trends there in the wireless LAN business?
Gregory Q. Brown: Wireless LAN declined for us year-over-year. I think, I mentioned earlier, in part because we chose not to pursue some lower-priced, lower-margin, low access point opportunities primarily in Asia, actually mainly in China. But it did decline for us year-over-year and we would look for that to improve going forward.
Operator: And we'll go next to the site of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: When you look at your platform investments, you talked about Windows and Android, but could you talk a little bit about how you're thinking about investments into app developments themselves, potential software to be more vertically integrated with your customers?
Gregory Q. Brown: So 2 things in that regard, Ben. We do work closely with our independent software vendors to ensure that vertically specific apps are customized, whether it's retail or transportation logistics. In some very large accounts, we have some of those software app people doing that customization with the Motorola badge. The other things around app development is the acquisition we made of Rhomobile or RhoElements. And the notion is that we, over time, provide an HTML5 tool kit, an SDK, if you will, where app developers write to that, that's agnostic. It's indifferent to whether it's Windows 8, Android 4.0 or iOS. So we have a common tool kit that's written at the browser level that's then supported irrespective of the underlying operating system. So we're really doing it on 2 levels: working customized apps organically internally and with ISV partners today, Microsoft and Android; and investing in a software element that can simplify the portability of applications and lower the costs and make it more ubiquitous over multiple operating systems. That's the twofold strategy we're pursuing.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then as a quick follow-up, you look at Psion, you gave us the 4Q run rate. Could you give us an idea on the annual run rate kind of the margin profile of that business and the headcount? And then, where's the onshore, offshore cash stand at the end of 3Q?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So a couple of things. First of all, on the onshore, offshore, I think the cash balance was somewhere in the mid-30s, so kind of consistent with where you'd expect, $3.5 billion in total. On the Psion business, I think I'd keep it very high level. I did talk about the impact for the fourth quarter being a negative $0.02 per share. Really, coming in, the business is roughly breakeven x those purchase accounting and transaction-related fees that are out there related to that transaction. Going forward, you would expect that we will drive to improve that -- the earnings of that business such that, as we've talked about previously, it will be accretive on a non-GAAP basis in 2013. And on a non -- on a GAAP basis, it should be accretive in 2014. So the plan is definitely to improve the profitability of that business such that the return on invested capital that we assumed on that business when we acquired it comes to fruition.
Gregory Q. Brown: And the headcount, Ben, is approximately 800 people.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from the site of Blaine Carroll with Avian Securities.
Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, on the narrowbanding, is there any incentive for the 70% that don't need to move to that 12.5 kilohertz? Is there any benefit for them to move to it, I mean, could that extend the narrowbanding process as well?
Mark F. Moon: Certainly. I think when we talked about the growth that's occurring, certainly we talked about the contributor of narrowbanding. But we also talked a lot -- when you think about double-digit growth and we said narrowbanding and double-digit in the U.S. and narrowbanding contributing to 3% of our overall growth, we talked a lot about the aspect of moving from analog to digital and the new features, the better efficiency that's there, the ability to add more users because you're spectrum efficient when you do that. The fact that a number of the 70%, if you will, which was your question, are aging infrastructures, they need to upgrade anyway, so they're attracted to the digital aspects of the system. So that, again, is a big explanation of why we're getting growth way beyond just narrowbanding.
Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then there's a new product out that's predominantly or prominently displayed on your website, the HC1 headset computer. I'm wondering if you could talk about that device and what your sort of prospects are for that.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I think that's really much more of a niche device. It's got a high ASP price point. And I think you're looking -- you're referring to the helmet computer device. I think it's -- I love the fact that we have it. It's a small addressable market and I would look to it to be more niche application than broad based.
Blaine R. Carroll - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Any thoughts on -- this to me looks like that Google glass application. Any thoughts of moving it over into that space, or is this just a...
Gregory Q. Brown: No, I think this is more of a demonstration of the innovation capabilities and where we have a very unique set of requirements for clients, we'll sell it in kind, but I don't think it's -- it's more representative of the art of the possible and for very unique circumstances to fill that need, but I wouldn't look at that product as expecting any broad-based deployment.
Operator: And I will turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks. I'd like to remind everyone that details outlined and the highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our Investor Relations site. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on the site. During this call, we've made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales and earnings growth included by segment and region; earnings per share outlook; cash flow generation; the amount of other income and expense; future effective tax rates and cash tax rates; future pension funding requirements and PBGC fees; the impact of the acquisition of Psion, including revenues and EPS; the financial impact of reinvesting in our business; new products and solutions introductions; future operating margins and leverage improvements; our future dividends; capital allocation framework; expected decline in iDEN; market share and demand trends for our businesses and products, such as LTE; and the impact of narrowbanding. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about these factors that could cause, and in some cases have caused such differences, can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 9 through 22 in Item 1-A of our 2011 Annual Report and Form 10-K in Motorola Solutions' and other SEC filings. Thanks. We look forward to speaking with all of you soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President of Sales and Field Operations
Analysts: Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jasmeet Chadha Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our call to present second quarter results for Motorola Solutions. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations. Greg and Ed will review our second quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. We have posted an earnings presentation and press release at www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials also include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. As always, it's important for you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I would like to turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Q2 highlighted another strong quarter for Motorola Solutions as we delivered strong sales growth and operating leverage, resulting in excellent earnings growth. In addition, we continue to place a high priority on the return of capital to shareholders through our quarterly dividend and share repurchase program. This morning, we reported record second quarter sales of $2.1 billion, which represents an increase of 8% from Q2 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.60 per share from continuing operations compared to $0.14 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.70 per share compared to $0.54 per share in Q2 of last year, which represents a 30% increase. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 14%, a record second quarter. This reflects broad-based growth across all of our regions driven by a combination of factors, including core market growth, new product introductions and narrow banding in the United States. Operating margins in the Government business improved 330 basis points year-over-year to 16.4% due to the sizable growth in sales across our portfolio coupled with our continued focus on cost management. In our Enterprise business, sales declined 2% from the year-ago quarter, including an anticipated iDEN decline. We've seen this business impacted by a number of factors, including most notably a tougher macroeconomic environment, especially within Europe, coupled with foreign currency headwinds. Let me spend a moment on capital allocation. During Q2, we paid $64 million in dividends and repurchased $439 million in stock, bringing the total repurchase amount to $2.9 billion since the program was announced approximately 12 months ago. One year ago, we initiated a dividend, authorized a repurchase program and introduced a capital allocation framework. Today, I'm pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.26 per share, an increase of 18%. In addition, our board has increased our share repurchase authorization by $2 billion, bringing the total to $5 billion. These announcements reflect the continued confidence we have in our business, as well as our earnings growth and cash flow generation opportunities. Ed will speak more on this topic later in the call. I'll now turn it over to Ed Fitzpatrick to discuss our financial results in more detail. I'll then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional commentary and perspective on our overall business performance.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q2 was another strong quarter of earnings growth and cash flow generation for MSI. Along with revenue growth of 8%, our focus on operating leverage yielded an increase in operating earnings of 15% compared to last year, despite an $11 million increase in U.S. regular pension expense and $20 million of unfavorable FX impact to operating margins. The unfavorable FX impact was driven primarily by the weakening euro. We saw broad-based revenue growth in our Government business with record second quarter sales of $1.5 billion, an increase of nearly 14% from the prior year. Operating margins in the Government business improved 330 basis points from 13.1% to 16.4%. This leverage was driven by strong sales growth and our continued focus on cost management. Enterprise sales declined 2% to $689 million. Operating margin in the Enterprise business declined 340 basis points. The margin decline was primarily attributable to changes in sales mix along with foreign currency headwinds. Turning to earnings. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.70 per share compared to $0.54 per share a year ago, a 30% increase. Operating expenses were $721 million or 33.6% of revenue, which represents a 210-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Our operating earnings for the second quarter were $350 million, or 16.3% of sales, compared to $304 million, or 15.3%, in Q2 of 2011. Total other income expense was a net expense of $38 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $17 million in Q2 2011. The largest driver of the year-over-year increase in this line was a result of significant devaluation of a number of currencies versus the dollar, most notably the euro. This negatively impacted the quarter by $21 million compared to Q2 of last year. In addition, we incurred a $6 million loss associated with the early debt repayment made in June. Going forward, we expect this line item to be a net expense of approximately $20 million to $25 million, which includes incremental interest expense associated with the net increase in our debt levels during the quarter. Our effective tax rate was 33.1% for the quarter. For full year 2012, we expect our effective tax rate to be 34% to 35%. Cash flow from operations was $254 million during the quarter, driven by strong operating earnings and solid working capital management. With respect to working capital, inventory management continued to improve, and we achieved 8.9 turns compared to 7.5 in the year-ago quarter. I'm also pleased with our receivable balance, as it continued to decline from Q1, driven by improved collection days and the continued liquidation of certain notes receivable we retained from the Networks business we sold last year. We ended the quarter with $3.7 billion in cash and investments and approximately $1.9 billion in debt, a net increase of $350 million in long-term debt from the prior quarter. We issued $750 million of new debt with a coupon of 3.75% and retired $400 million of notes due in November. As Greg mentioned, we purchased $439 million in stock during the quarter, which brings us to over $2.9 billion in share repurchases since the inception of our plan. We reduced our share count by approximately 19% since the start of the program a year ago with the purchase of 63.7 million shares at an average price of $45.80. In addition, we paid $64 million in dividends during the quarter. Year to date, we’ve returned over $1.9 billion to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. We have shared with you our clear set of priorities with respect to capital return and allocation. One of those priorities is moving to a net debt position by the end of 2014. With that as background, I would like to now discuss the capital return announcement that Greg referenced earlier. Today we announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.26 per share. This represents an 18% increase over the prior quarterly dividend. We also announced that our board has authorized an increase of $2 billion to our share repurchase program. With respect to our long-term capital allocation framework, we believe the current mix that we initially outlined is still appropriate based on our capital needs and goals. This mix is to allocate 25% of operating cash flow to capital expenditures, 30% to dividends and 45% to a combination of share repurchases and acquisitions. Now turning to our Q3 and full year outlook. For Q3, we expect sales growth of approximately 3% over the third quarter of 2011. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.69 to $0.74 from continuing operations based on our Q2 ending share count. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q3 2011 of $0.66 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.12 per share and items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. Moving to full year 2012. We are now increasing our outlook from approximately 5% to 5% to 6% growth with operating margins remaining at approximately 17% of revenue. This overall outlook assumes the euro at current rates. We now expect full year growth for Government to be upper single digits, while Enterprise growth for the year is now estimated to be relatively flat. This revised Enterprise segment view, which is inclusive of the anticipated iDEN decline, accounts for a more challenging macro environment along with the FX headwinds we have mentioned. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Ed, thanks. In our Government business, sales for the quarter were $1.5 billion, an increase of 14% over Q2 2011. We saw strong growth in all regions. Profitability also improved with operating earnings growing to 16.4% of sales this quarter compared to 13.1% in Q2 of last year. We've talked previously about some of the growth drivers for public safety that include interoperability, spectrum efficiency and compelling return on investment. Customers are seeking to overcome spectrum constraints by selecting our latest version of ASTRO 25 with P25 Phase 2, which is nearly twice as efficient as required by the current FCC narrow band mandate in the United States. For example, Apopka, Florida recently celebrated the world's first deployment and acceptance of a dual-mode ASTRO 25 system with Phase 2 P25 TDMA. They doubled their channel capacity for secure, encrypted communications without the need for adding frequency bands, antenna sites or stations. And our APEX radios provide multiband functionality in one device, allowing first responders the freedom to seamlessly connect between multiple frequencies for interoperability between agencies, improved mobility and response time. Another example of a Phase 2 TDMA system that's being deployed is Maryland's First Responder Interoperable Radio System Team, or Maryland FiRST, as it's known, a statewide 700 megahertz radio communication system designed for state and local public safety officials to communicate with each other on a common system. And this quarter, the city of Toronto selected our ASTRO technology with Phase 2 TDMA for a 700 megahertz shared police, fire and EMS system implementation. Other significant ASTRO wins from this quarter include the state of Ohio for $80 million, Lakeland, Florida for $12 million, state of Pennsylvania police for $10 million and Centre County Pennsylvania for $13 million. In Latin America, our ASTRO solution was selected by the Chilean Investigative Police to cover the entire country with both trunking and conventional mode. We also sold a $37 million ASTRO system to Ecuador's National Telecommunications Corporation for the National Police. In May, we participated in TETRA World Congress in Dubai where we introduced the MTP3000 handheld radio, which redefines mission-critical performance with superior audio quality and improved coverage. A TETRA-equipped version of our vision for the ultimate police patrol vehicle demonstrated the latest technologies and integrated controls to enable streamline decision making. In China, we were awarded a $3 million TETRA system with Beijing Metro and a multimillion TETRA contract for the Mass Transit Railway in Hong Kong. The London Underground recently chose Motorola Solutions TETRA equipment for a $6 million system expansion as well. Among our integrated command-and-control applications portfolio, Randall County, Texas contracted with us for a $2 million advance computer-aided dispatch solution that uses GPS to enable dispatchers to locate officers and vehicles, while officers can run license checks from their patrol car without calling dispatch. This solution also incorporates a public safety LTE network and expands the LTE core, which is owned by Harris County, Texas. The evolution of public safety LTE in the U.S. continues as first net and the related D Block governance structure takes form. As we've said before, we do not anticipate material revenues from LTE until the back half of 2013. Meanwhile, the market for Public Safety LTE is global as the tools and capabilities from this vital technology benefit public safety responders and citizens. This quarter, we launched a trial with the Brazilian Army, and in May, nearly 1,000 government officials and customers gathered in Tel Aviv for a showcase to explore the benefits of public safety LTE by Motorola Solutions. In addition, we've seen continued interest and activity from several countries in the Middle East. In our professional and commercial radio tier, double-digit growth continued. We also expanded our industry-leading MOTOTRBO series with the release of the XPR 7000 and XPR 3000 series digital portables designed to meet the communication needs of public service, manufacturing, education, hospitality and service industries. These new radios add to a growing family of devices, giving customers a choice of different form factors and feature sets as seen in the ultra-thin and lightweight SL Series portable and the XPR 5000 Series mobile, which both launched earlier this year. Moving on to our Enterprise business, sales in the Enterprise segment were $689 million, a 2% decrease from Q2 of 2011. Operating earnings were 16% of sales compared to 19.4% last year. In June, we announced a $200 million cash offer to acquire Psion, another pioneer in the rugged mobile computing industry. Psion works directly with its customers and partners to also develop mobile computing hardware, software and services that meet their specific rugged mobile computing needs. The acquisition of Psion will allow us to strengthen our portfolio with ruggedized handheld products and vehicle-mount terminals and deepen our presence in the global markets in which we compete. The acquisition also supports our international growth strategy by providing an attractive global base of customers. Psion brings a talented team with extensive mobile computing design expertise and professionals with key industry experience, and we expect this transaction to close in Q4. We also hosted events in Boston and New York to share our view on the future of retail. Drawing from our deep domain expertise and world-class portfolio, we framed a vision where retailers will rely on advanced solutions to control the path to purchase and turn browsing into buying and shoppers into brand advocates. During the events, we previewed new devices like the SB-1 wearable smartbadge, which includes a personalized task manager, scanner and push-to-talk voice capability, along with the MC40, a sleek, customizable touchscreen solution that runs on Android and offers enterprise class durability, secure payment processing and powerful voice connectivity. Notable wins in the Enterprise for the quarter included a $2 million order from Tesco, which includes our MC17 devices and personal shopping system and a $3 million CVS purchase of wireless LAN infrastructure for their stores. The U.K. Mail Group, the largest independent parcel mail and logistics company in the U.K., selected our global services team for a $2 million contract to manage 2,000 devices with asset tracking, software upgrades and security management. Our industry leadership was recognized by Gartner with a strong positive evaluation in their market scope report for the ruggedized handheld computer market, noting several areas including devices for harsh environments, specific market solutions and vertical solutions and new task-specific devices. We also hosted over 160 developers from across the Americas where we announced new investments for our developer community as part of the PartnerEmpower program. Attendees learned how to architect next-generation solutions using our latest tools, platforms, products and technologies, including the RhoMobile Suite 2.0, our latest tool for applications developers, which has been downloaded over 20,000 times. Turning to a regional view for the total company. North America and Latin America both grew by 10%, driven by robust demand in Government. EMEA grew 5% with double-digit growth in Government. Growth in Asia of 5% was balanced across both Government and Enterprise segments. So in closing, I'd like to thank our 21,000 employees globally for their focus on providing solutions to our customers. Q2 was another very good quarter for Motorola with strong growth, continued operating leverage and additional capital returns to shareholders. While we're pleased with these results, we remain clearly focused on execution, investing in new products and solutions, increasing our top line, earnings growth, free cash flow generation and return of capital.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, could you please remind our callers how to place a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Peter Misek with from Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just a question on R&D. Obviously, as we have LTE ramping, we've had R&D investments. You've invested well in front of that, as you have with previous major network changes. Can you walk us through how we should think about R&D for the next few quarters? Can we see R&D level off and maybe even come down as a percentage of sales? And are there any sort of more temporal-type expenses there that we could see managed as we see the shift happening?
Gregory Q. Brown: I just think that you'll see us continue to focus on cost management overall as we look forward for the second half of the year. In terms of R&D, we've talked in the past that we would expect R&D and G&A and other major functions on an annual basis to typically trend and improve from a leverage standpoint as a lower percentage against revenue. So when we look at below gross margin costs against overall revenues, we would expect to be able to continue to get improvement year-over-year.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And if I can just sneak a follow-up on the capital structure comments you made about going net debt position by 2014. Can you help us understand the process that you and the board are going through to think about what the appropriate capital structure is? What are you benchmarking? How should we look at that evolution? Are we going to look at a reverse auction for buybacks?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So Peter, I think the strategy is really just a continuation of what we outlined last year with the capital allocation model, a piece described, the dividend, 30%; 25% to CapEx; and that 45% to share repurchase and/or acquisitions. So I think that hasn't changed. The other key tenet is that the capital structure, really, will be driven off of an adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA metric of around 2 such that the debt levels will be calculated based upon our ability to bear and our improvements in EBITDA. So I think that's really the way we're looking at it and the way we're modeling it going forward.
Operator: Next, we will go to the site of Jeff Kvaal with Barclays.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could you go into a little bit more into the change in the revenue picture a little bit? I think as we cycle back a couple of quarters, certainly the Enterprise outlook was a little bit brighter. Could you help us understand that a little bit better? I think, secondly, 3% year-over-year growth is sort of not what’s been in the range of the target model over the past couple of years. Could you help us understand what is happening in that quarter in particular and then why the December quarter would be better?
Gregory Q. Brown: So just a couple of things, Jeff. As we look to the remainder of the year, we now expect the Government segment to grow in the upper single digits and Enterprise to be relatively flat, of course, including iDEN for the year. I think the moderation in the update in Enterprise is a reflection of the macroeconomic conditions, particularly in Europe, as well as the foreign currency headwinds. Enterprise actually grew in all other regions. If you look at Q3 and you look at our revenue guidance of 3%, I remind you that a year ago, our Q3 comp of last year was an exceptionally strong quarter overall at 10%, so that's one factor to consider. We expect continued decline in the iDEN business in Q3 of approximately $20 million. And we expect the headwinds around foreign currency in Q3 to be about approximately $30 million of top line. So when you think through the previous year comps, you incorporate the continued decline of iDEN and then the incremental headwinds of foreign currency led by the euro. Those are the ingredients that factor in. Now having said that, we're still raising full year revenue guidance from about 5% to 5% to 6%. And we'll continue to manage our costs closely and look to get continued improvement in leverage over the next few quarters.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Jeff, you also asked, I think, a question about linearity or seasonality in the quarter. I heard you say something about Q4. So as we’ve talked about before, as our quarters progress, Q1 is typically always the lowest quarter. We step function up to Q2. Q3 is usually typically in line with Q2, sometimes up, sometimes down. And then we typically do step function up in Q4 from a seasonality perspective.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And that $20 million to $30 million impact that you referenced, Greg, that is year-over-year impact or sequentially?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes. I think Greg talked about the top line about $30 million -- $30 million top line impact for Q3. But I'd say it's $30 million to $35 million, and that contemplates us in and around the current euro exchange rate of $1.21 today.
Gregory Q. Brown: But it's year-over-year.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Year-over-year, yes, that's right.
Operator: Next, we will go to the site of Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you guys could talk about some of the backlog statistics that you talked about on the last call for Enterprise and Government. And then a quick one for you, Ed, on -- I think there was a writer on the highway bill that had some impact to pension fund accounting. And wondering if you can run us through the impact, if you know yet, on your pension fund issues.
Mark F. Moon: So if we look, Tavis, at our Q2 backlog, it's roughly $5.9 billion, which is down about $100 million from what we discussed last quarter. Government, relatively flat. And Enterprise was down. When we normalize for FX, really, the backlog was basically flat. So as we look at it, I think we're not surprised by the decline in Enterprise as we've seen pressure there, but we still feel fairly confident about our visibility and as we look at our guidance going in the quarter. So relatively speaking, backlog has remained consistent to slightly down.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And on the pension piece, Tavis, as you know, and I saw your note on it, I think you had it right. The change in the calculation of the discount rate should lead to a higher discount rate, which would lead to a lowering of the required annual cash funding. So that's something that we would look at and contemplate if that makes sense strategically going forward to close the funding deficit. Also included in the bill are some PBGC fees that are scheduled to go up starting in 2014. So we're going to assess all that in line with the overall strategies on pension as we go forward here, and we'll come back to you later in the year with our plans to address.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And did you talk about an Enterprise number x iDEN?
Gregory Q. Brown: No. What I was just commenting earlier that Enterprise was up outside of Europe and the regions. Without iDEN, it was up slightly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the site of Jasmeet Chadha with Bernstein.
Jasmeet Chadha: I had a question on Enterprise. So it dropped about 20% in 2009, which was clearly an exceptional year. What sort of downside could we expect this time in a worst-case scenario? And if you are worried today on what you're seeing into the second half and what kind of measures would you take if there was a pronounced weakness? And then a follow-up on Government. So where does the strength today in the Government revenues come from? And is there reason that we should worry that it could snap back in 2013?
Gregory Q. Brown: So I'll take the last part of that 3-parter first on Government. Obviously, we're very pleased with the record Q2 of 14%. If we look at the growth of that and what makes it up, I would say 11% of the 14% are coming more or less from half of our core market growth, which includes continued expansion in both North America and international and the other half from a continued investment in R&D that has allowed for the expansion of new products and innovation. And probably 3% as best our estimate of the 14% is driven by narrow banding here in the U.S. Now that said, we typically usually have structural drivers that continue to require our customers to upgrade and invest, whether it's in the prior periods. Years ago, it was Nextel re-banding. It continues to be analog to digital, not only here under the narrow banding mandate in the U.S., but the drive for analog to digital internationally. There'll be some number of customers that won't meet the narrow banding mandate by the end of the year, so they'll continue to invest in more spectrum-efficient radios and mobiles and infrastructure. And then also, as you know, there's a number of aged customer installations that are there throughout North America and in other geographies that we will look to migrate and upgrade accordingly. So if you look at the 14%, our best estimate is that 3% of the 14% is narrow banding in the U.S., but 11% is still very strong, driven by core market growth and the expansion of our new products. In terms of Enterprise, I'll let Mark say a few words.
Mark F. Moon: Yes. So if you think about Enterprise, clearly, I think Ed highlighted before, as we think about the year, and we have guided now to relatively flat, it is down from what we've traditionally seen and what we have said as expectations. Now with that said, I would say it's primarily macroeconomic driven because we have held ASPs and we believe we've held market share in all of our categories, at least all of our major categories with the possible exception of wireless LAN. The other piece that I would say around Enterprise again, as Greg mentioned, was the growth in every region still gives us somewhat confidence when you say without iDEN. And even in Europe that was only slightly down, I would remind you that the previous year, the growth in Europe for Enterprise was 39%. So again, I think given the headwinds that we've got there, the Enterprise business has held. So as we go forward, we'll continue to monitor it, continue to give you guidance. But all in all, I feel pretty pleased with the way we've held and the way we performed and continue to monitor it as we go forward.
Jasmeet Chadha: Sure. Just one follow-up on that. So when you say that regionally Enterprise was strong or up year-on-year outside of Europe, is that x iDEN? Or is that including iDEN?
Mark F. Moon: That's correct. What we've mentioned here was x IDEN.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Without iDEN. I mean, I think the one big region there is Latin America. So I think his comment is correct. I mean, I think that Mark may have mentioned it, but I think in Europe, we talked last quarter that it was -- that Enterprise was down, primarily driven by FX. Otherwise, it was relatively flat. This quarter, it was down due to FX. We actually were up net of the FX, right? So it was -- I think we're holding our own in EMEA.
Operator: We will next go to the site of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Greg, just following up on the revised revenue guidance, 5% to 6%, anything else you can touch on in backlog or just visibility this quarter versus a quarter ago? I know you mentioned narrow banding, but any other things that gives you confidence to nudge the growth rate up a little bit?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I would say just generally our visibility levels remain unchanged, Craig, which I think is good news. We're just trying to have the guidance reflective of the macro conditions under which we're competing. But as Mark referenced, backlog normalized for foreign exchange was relatively flat. And we're focused to execute on Q3 and knowing that 3%, while it doesn't sound fantastic when you look at the subcomponents and the ingredients and compare it to a very strong comp previous, I think we'll continue to perform as we expect. And we'll manage all the levers available to us, and we're not confused in terms of what needs to be done.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, Ed, just a follow-up on the buyback. In the press release, it said no expiration date. Anything to read into there versus the prior programs where you had it out kind of 18 months or so?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: No, I think it's -- Greg can add. I think our coming out of the gate as the separate public entity MSI, we thought it was appropriate to have an end date there to ensure that everyone knew, investors and also like -- that we had a sense of urgency on return of capital to shareholders. We think we've demonstrated that. We will continue with the program and be deliberate over a timeline here but also be opportunistic as we were in prior periods. So I think we're going to get at it, as you guys have seen us do in the past, and we'll continue to execute.
Operator: Our next question comes from the site of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions. First of all, Greg, if we look at the Government side, the guidance for the full year of upper single digits for Government, you did 11.5% growth in Q1 and 13.6% in Q2. So to get to upper single digits for the year, that would imply a huge deceleration in Q3 and Q4, somewhere in the order of 3% or 4% year-over-year for those 2 quarters. Why would you think that is kind of factoring into your guidance? Putting aside the Enterprise side of the business, I just think Government -- why is this falling down so much? Does this have to do with narrow banding? Does it have to do with macro? And kind of just understanding that a little better. And then, Ed, just I want to understand a little bit more about the FX. And I heard but I may have misunderstood, the $25 million below-the-line expense that shows up in the P&L, is that hedging? Is that where the FX impact is? Or is that kind of sprinkled throughout the earnings statement? And how do we account for FX kind of going forward?
Gregory Q. Brown: Ehud, on the first part, look, I just think that we've had fantastic growth, obviously, records in Q1 and Q2. We're just being a little bit more tempered. We know that Q3 as a comp was higher, as I mentioned. We have some incremental headwinds, as do many other companies, around foreign currency. I just think we're being cautious. And in this environment, while we're confident of the business and confident as ever in the product portfolio and the underlying drivers, it just -- I think we think it makes sense to be a little bit more cautious now.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Does FX impact the revenue? Or does it impact this below-the-line kind of...
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: It's a combination of both. So if I talk about Q2, we talked about, about $20 million of impact to operating margins as a result of the decline, largely driven by the euro. The top line growth impact there was about $30 million, and the margin impact was about 20, right? So if you look into Q3, there was also a bottom -- there was also below operating earnings related charges. You mentioned about $20 million. That was driven by balance sheet -- the fluctuation in the foreign currency and the net unhedged positions caused about a $20 million impact as we moved for the quarter. If we move into Q3, I'd say you should expect relatively similar impact, and our guidance contemplates that, for the operating margin piece. I'd say the piece below operating earnings, the other income expense, should be significantly less than that in the third quarter.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So if I got that right, there was a $30 million impact to revenue from FX this quarter, $20 million to OpEx? Or to operating margin?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's right. Operating margin.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So that means there was a $10 million gain from OpEx that offset the $30 million, part of the $30 million revenue?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I'm not sure where you’re going -- we could take it offline in the reconciliation with you.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So the net impact was $20 million to operating income and $20 million below the line?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's right.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And you’re saying, next quarter, assume another $20 million to operating income, most of which comes in the revenue line, which is where Greg's conservatism comes from the Government side, and then less below the line?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's right. That's right, Ehud.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. A couple other things. Why are taxes going up? And did you guide 34% to 35% for the back half of the year? Or did you guide that for the full year? And then did you -- I'm not sure if you said how big iDEN was this quarter and what it is in your guidance for Q3.
Gregory Q. Brown: What was the second part of that question, Ehud?
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Taxes. They were 33% this quarter. You're guiding 34% to 35%. And I wasn't sure if that was, again, for the full year or for next quarter. And then how big iDEN was.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So the guidance was really, for the full year, still around 34% to 35%. So that hasn't changed. And what we're figuring there, too, is the R&D tax credit, right? So if that does come through, it will be at the lower end. If it doesn't, it will likely be at the higher end.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But you had a low -- you had a 33.3% this quarter. So 34% to 35% for the year, we're talking about 35% to 36% for Q3 and Q4?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think there were discrete items and there's timing-related items that are driving that. So I think that’s -- as you forecasted, you should forecast something at 34% to 35% for the full year. So a bit higher in the second half.
Gregory Q. Brown: And Ehud, in terms of iDEN, it's in line pretty much with our expectations in terms of the continued decline for the year 2012. We're now tracking for iDEN to be about $270 million in revenue for the year.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question is a clarification, and I'll just ask my follow-on immediately after that. But for the clarification, for the outlook, am I correct it does not include acquisition revenues of Psion in your outlook? And then my follow-up question is can you just help investors and us bridge the gap between your strong outlook and results compared to the budgetary constraints that we're seeing and the workforce reductions? We know that the First Responders is a priority, but definitely we're seeing when the police and firemen retire, the various teams are replacing them with less people rather than more. Can you just kind of help us understand that? And then on the outside, is it just basically it's more sticky business? And if so, when we come into a more favorable economy, does that just mean Motorola Solutions may not see quite the upside? Or how can we think about -- can’t be heads you win, tails you win also. Also, help us understand and connect those.
Gregory Q. Brown: So in order of your questions. You're right. Psion is not included in our second half guidance. The transaction is not closed yet. We're anticipating that to be, Jim, in Q4. Second, we continue to operate under the constraints of austerity, if you will, with governments across the world. But interestingly, and you've seen the Government post 14% in Q2, our segment, our state and local business in particular, is really strong. And I think that's a reflection on, we've talked about it before, the prioritization of mission-critical public safety, the deployment of additional technologies beyond just radios, whether it's video surveillance or integrated command-and-control or dispatch software or other kinds of technology deployments that make First Responders more productive. It's a continued reflection on the high return on investment of what we sell. Remember, with all of this, there's no usage associated on a private network as these devices and subscriber units get deployed, unlike a cellular system that has per-minute charges. There is no usage cost at all. And of course, the durability and reliability and long installed base of 10, 15, sometimes north of 20 years, all lend themselves positively as drivers for First Responders to prioritize this. I think your last comment is also correct that what we have found with our business overall is that it's stable. It is sticky and, we believe, largely sustainable. And oftentimes, our installed base and our incumbency allow us to continue the relationships with clients and allow us the dialogue to add equipment and upgrade and refresh and sell new solutions on top of the relationships and systems we have, and we think that's a good position to be in.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Gentlemen, can you just shed a little bit of light on what you're seeing in Asia? I see 5% growth year-over-year. It’s probably a little bit lower, I guess, than I anticipated, and I know it's an area of focus for you guys. But what are you seeing in Asia perhaps as driving a little bit slower growth than what you guys have shed in the past few quarters?
Mark F. Moon: Keith, I do agree with your comment that our growth in Asia, while we talked about kind of mid-single digits for both Enterprise and Government, is less than, number one, what we've been producing in the past and also what we've said was expectations for Asia. With that being said, I also think though the primary drivers, as we look at the business, was really around the systems and the timing of the systems and project business there as we think about what's going forward. So China did slow to mid-single digits. Again, we had not seen that kind of growth in China. We traditionally have expected China to be stronger. But for the full year, we still anticipate that Asia Pac will be double-digit growth, and we expect China to be strong double-digit growth for the year. So we're still very opportunistic and very -- I guess we view Asia still as a strong growth area for us as we look to go forward.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Okay. Great. And then finally, as you guys exited the quarter, were there any changes in the business that you saw in, I guess, the previous 2 months that give you pause or give you some consideration to your activity going into 3Q?
Gregory Q. Brown: That gives us -- what was the last part? Anything you want to...
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: That gives you pause going into the third quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Not really, no. As I mentioned earlier, I think our visibility has remained reasonably consistent. We've moderated to adjust for the segment, Government being a little bit stronger than we thought, anticipating and managing the Enterprise headwinds mainly out of Europe and macroeconomic and with foreign currency. I mean, obviously, foreign currency was the one in the last 30 to 45 days where the euro dropped pretty sharply from $1.32 or $1.31 to $1.22. So we certainly didn't anticipate that. But that's, as Ed talked about, the guidance for the second half, for Q3 and Q4, assumes the euro at about $1.21. So we think we've incorporated that in accordingly.
Operator: Next, we will go to the site of Tim Long with Bank of Montréal.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Two questions, if I could. First, on the Enterprise side particularly. Can you talk a little bit about Windows and the transition to Windows 8 and what do you think that will mean for the Enterprise customer base? Is there a risk that on top of the macro risks there's some potential product transition as Windows develops? And then secondly, Greg, if you could just -- you mentioned visibility the same, but I'm just curious if you could scale for us how with the bigger ramp in Q4 that you're looking for, how would you compare your Q3 and your Q4 visibility right now? Does it drop off where you have a much lower confidence in it? Or if you can just scale for us the difference between looking out that extra quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: What was the first part of your question, Tim?
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Windows 8 and just impact on Enterprise business.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, so we -- our mobile computing portfolio in all products is supported by Microsoft with the exception of our rugged tablet, the ET1, which came out with Android. We did that because the operating system that was required was a touch-based OS, and Microsoft is in the middle of transition. The majority of our Microsoft product is Windows 6.5.3 or Windows Embedded Handheld. And we’re anxiously enthusiastic about Windows Phone 8. That's got to get into the market in October and then needs to be incorporated with the appropriate enterprise features, enterprise class features that would make it attractive for us. So we've always been Microsoft. We've diversified in Android because of the requirements of our clients and the feature set that they need. I would expect us to continue to engage in both going forward. But I am cautiously optimistic that we can work more closely with Microsoft than Win Phone 8, and we'll see when it ships and what feature sets in there. And we'd like to work collaboratively with them on a joint roadmap for clients, especially on the deployment of that OS, the developer ecosystem and the individual feature sets that required for a durable Enterprise grade set of devices.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I guess my question, Greg, is, is there a risk that customers pause spending because they want Windows 8 instead of 6.5?
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't think so. I don't think so because our customers are different than the consumer. So they have customized software apps on 6.5 or Windows Embedded. And I don't think there's a risk of that, that we see at this point. On visibility, I've talked about, Tim, that in any given quarter, we have about roughly 80% visibility into that quarter going in. I would say that remains the same for Q3 and is incorporated into the guidance we've given you here at 3% revenue growth all in and $0.69 to $0.74 per share on EPS.
Timothy Long - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. I guess the question -- if it's $0.80 for this quarter, what is it for another quarter out?
Gregory Q. Brown: We don't really get into that. So we're not that [indiscernible] into that.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: It drops off a bit, right.
Operator: Next we will go to the site of Kulbinder Garcha with Crédit Suisse.
Kulbinder Garcha - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg, I just want to go back to the narrow banding issue. You say if you take that out, you're still growing 11% in Government. And I was always kind of under the impression that with the sale cycles you have in this business, you have just very good visibility. Is this a business now that given either your R&D investments or otherwise, outside of an -- even taking into account, let's say, the macro concerns, you might be able to grow double digits long term? Or is it still kind of mid-single digit growth most of the industry folks have called for? Has anything changed? Or I'm thinking not just about the next quarter, 2 or 3 years out, whether the revenue opportunity for you guys is changing. And then on the question just on the buyback, given the stocks roughly where you bought back almost $3 billion worth of it, is there any reason why you won't continue to be this aggressive? Or is there something on the acquisitions front beyond Psion that you’re maybe thinking about?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes. On the Government growth, as we said, for the remainder -- for the full year, we're now expecting Government on an annualized basis in 2012 to be high single digits. Kulbinder, I wouldn't forecast anything beyond that. I'd like to see things develop, and we would watch the developments as a team between now and the remainder of the year and then update you on 2013 at that point in time. And in terms of buybacks, Ed said it well. Obviously, we were aggressive buying back $2.9 billion in the last 12 months. That reflected 2 things, the value of which we thought we would -- that's there in buying back the shares and the sub-optimal excess cash on our balance sheet, which required that sense of urgency. We're pleased that the board's authorized the additional $2 billion. We'll be opportunistic. And that will be a key tool in helping us move towards net debt. We wouldn't get into specific levels of buying at what levels or price points beyond that, but we feel well positioned for us to move forward.
Operator: Our final question comes from the site of Matthew Hoffman with Cowen and Company.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You called out weakness in Europe, and iDEN is affecting results. But I was hoping you could add color around 2 things. First, can you comment on the overall pace of the wireless LAN spending, especially your expectation for the second half spending on the category? And second, can you comment on whether you're seeing IT managers shifting resources away from the Plymouth [ph] wireless LAN over concrete floors and now really focusing more on the BYOD and the carpeted spaces within the Enterprise, too?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Mark and I will tag-team this. I don't think we see a big shift to BYOD per se. We do see continued demand for WLAN. Q2 was down in WLAN for us due to a substantially higher Q2 comp a year ago. We do very well in the targeted verticals, particularly retail and transportation and logistics, where we're aligned with great channel reach. But overall, I think that share’s modestly down in WLAN. I don't think that we've seen any chilling of demand. We still expect for the full year for it to have solid full year growth and be generally in line with what we expected. So I don't think anything beyond that.
Matthew Hoffman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: But kind of drilling down on that, I think there's a wider expectation, Gartner and some other forecasters, to see kind of double-digit wireless LAN growth overall. Maybe this category’s pulling back right now a little bit below the overall wireless LAN growth but prospects gain from here?
Gregory Q. Brown: We actually have a pretty good funnel of engagement around WLAN or managed WLAN networks, a lot in retail and in the Enterprise segments. We still think it will grow double digit, but I don't know if it will grow as robustly as it did last year. I think the whole industry was north of 30% or 35%, so it's TBD on that.
Operator: I will turn the floor over back to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. I'd like to remind everyone the details outlining highlighted items for our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found at motorolasolutions.com/investor. And the audio replay together with a copy of today's slides will also be available on the site shortly after the conclusion of this call. During this call, we made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Such forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales and earnings growth included by segment and region; earnings per share, future operating margins and leverage improvements; cash flow generation; the amount of other income and expense; future effective tax rates; achievement of net debt position; the timing and ability to repurchase shares under our share repurchase program; ability to pay future dividends; capital allocation framework; expected decline in iDEN; FX impacts; the impact of reallocation of the D Block for public safety use; market share and demand trends for our business and products such as LTE; the timing and impact of acquisition of Psion; new products and solutions introductions. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in the forward-looking statements. Information about those factors could cause, and in some cases have caused, such differences can found in this morning's press release on Pages 9 through 22 in Item I-A of our 2011 Annual Report and Form 10-K and the Motorola Solutions and other SEC filings. Thanks again. We look forward to speaking with you shortly.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, and we ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap -  Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Mark F. Moon - Executive Vice President of Sales and Field Operations
Analysts: Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Alkesh Shah - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division Dale Wettlaufer - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, please go ahead.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our conference call to present Motorola Solutions' first quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and CEO; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations. Greg and Ed will review our first quarter results, along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. We have posted our earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. These materials also include GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations for your reference. As always, I encourage you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. And with that, I'd like to turn it over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Q1 highlighted another record quarter for Motorola Solutions as we achieved strong sales growth, improved operating leverage and returned significant capital to shareholders through our share repurchase program and quarterly dividend. The most recent quarter included a number of significant product and solution launches that continue to demonstrate our unwavering commitment to deliver the best mission-critical solutions to our public safety and enterprise customers. This morning, we reported record first quarter sales of $2 billion, an increase of 7% from Q1 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.50 per share from continuing operations compared to $1.07 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.59 per share compared to $0.54 per share in Q1 of last year, a 9% increase. And for the remainder of the call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted. Our Government business revenues increased 11%. North America, Asian and Latin America all experienced double-digit growth, but we were also pleased to see growth in the EMEA. Operating margins in the Government business improved 260 basis points year-over-year, due to strong sales growth across our portfolio and another quarter of disciplined cost management. In our Enterprise business, sales declined 2% from the year-ago quarter, including an anticipated iDEN decline of $31 million. Growth in this business excluding iDEN was 3%. This increase was a result of growth across our portfolio as customers continued to select our solutions. Regionally, both North America and Asia had strong results, while EMEA was down slightly, as we expected, in comparison to an extraordinarily strong Q1 of 2011. On the capital allocation front, we continue to make significant progress in our initiatives and path to net debt that we spoke about at our financial Analyst Meeting last month. During Q1, we paid $70 million in dividends and repurchased $1.4 billion in MSI stock, bringing the total repurchase amount to approximately $2.5 billion since the program was announced in July of last year. I'll now turn it over to Ed Fitzpatrick to discuss our financial results in more detail. I'll then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional commentary and perspective on our overall business performance.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Q1 was another quarter of strong growth in operating leverage. Along with revenue growth of 7%, our disciplined expense management yielded an increase of operating earnings of 9% despite a $13 million increase in U.S. pension expense.  We saw broad-based revenue growth in our Government business, with record first quarter sales of $1.3 billion, an increase of 11% in the prior year. Operating margin in the Government business improved 260 basis points, driven mainly by sales growth and continued leverage. The Enterprise business declined 2% to $655 million, driven by an anticipated iDEN decline of approximately $31 million. Excluding iDEN, Enterprise posted growth of 3% as a result of growth across the broader portfolio. Operating margin in the Enterprise business declined 360 basis points. The decline was primarily attributable to iDEN. Increased pension and foreign currency expenses also impacted operating margins. While on the topic of sales, I wanted to make a brief mention of our backlog. In order to provide a more comprehensive view of backlog and to provide a metric that is more consistent with industry standards, we've changed our reporting methodology. Previously, our backlog calculation excluded certain services-related contracts and backlog expected to shift beyond 18 months. We're now adding these items to our backlog figure as it is more reflective of our visibility. Under this new methodology, our quarter-ending backlog was $6 billion, which compares to $5.3 billion in Q4 of 2011. The sequential increase in backlog is due to the previously announced award of the public safety network in Norway.  Turning to earnings. Earnings from continued operations were $0.59 per share compared to $0.54 per share a year ago, a 9% increase. Operating expenses were $689 million or 35.2% of revenue, which represents a 100-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Our operating earnings for the first quarter were $290 million or 14.8% of sales compared to $266 million or 14.5% in Q1 2011. This increase was a result of our continued work to balance critical investments in the business with the content focus on operating leverage. And as I mentioned previously, our first quarter results include a $30 million increase in U.S. pension expense from Q1 of the prior year. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $4 million in the quarter compared to net income of $3 million in Q1 2011. The prior-year quarter benefited from investment gains in excess of interest expense. In future quarters, we expect this item to be a net expense of approximately $15 million to $20 million.  Our effective tax rate was 34% for the quarter. For the remainder of 2012, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 34% to 35%. Cash flow from operations was $69 million during the quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Q1 2012 includes approximately $150 million in certain annual incentive payouts. In the prior year, all incentive payouts occurred in the second quarter. In addition, we paid $50 million related to our previously announced legal settlement.  With respect to working capital, I am pleased with our results in inventory management as our turns were 8.3 compared to 7 in the year-ago quarter. Our receivable balance declined, as expected, from Q4. In the second quarter, we anticipate liquidating certain notes receivable related to the Networks business we sold last year. These receivables were reclassified to short-term accounts receivable from long-term other assets last quarter.  We ended the quarter with $3.8 billion in cash and investments and $1.5 billion in debt. As Greg mentioned earlier, and as we addressed at our Financial Analyst Meeting last month, we purchased $1.4 billion in stock during the quarter, which brings us to approximately $2.5 billion in share repurchases since the inception of our plan. We've reduced our share count by approximately 16% since the start of the program with a purchase of 54.6 million shares at an average price of $45.38. In addition, we paid $70 million in dividends during the quarter.  Now turning to our Q2 and full year outlook. For Q2, we expect sales growth of approximately 6% over the second quarter of 2011. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.65 to $0.70 from continuing operations. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q2 2011 of approximately $0.54 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.10 per share and items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases. Moving to full year 2012, we are reiterating our sales outlook of approximately 5% growth and operating margins of approximately 17% of revenue. I'll now turn it over to Greg for business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Ed, thanks. In our Government business, sales for the quarter were $1.3 billion, which is up 11% over Q1 of last year. We saw solid growth in all regions, including significant growth in North America. Our profitability also improved, with operating earnings growing to 14.1% of sales this quarter compared to 11.5% in Q1 last year as the business continues to scale. Some notable wins among our ASTRO P25 radio platform included projects in Pierce County, Washington and Adams County, Pennsylvania valued at $18 million and $19 million, respectively. We also announced a $12 million county-wide system to support all Sumter County, Florida public safety and public service agencies. We announced a $7 million system in Colombia County, Georgia that includes our latest ASTRO P25 Base 2 system yet maintains backward compatibility to the legacy networks. And in Warren County, Ohio, we replaced their 22-year-old system with a new $9 million ASTRO 25 emergency communications network for public safety and public service users across the county.  Internationally, the Ecuador police will deploy $10 million of additional ASTRO radios to increase the current installed base with our APEX series.  In TETRA, the International TETRA Awards recognized one of our ultra-rugged radios for its design and use in hazardous environments. In addition, our customers were recognized for their adoption of TETRA technology, including Best Use of TETRA in Public Safety for Airwave in the U.K. and Best TETRA Innovation for the Hong Kong Police. During the quarter, we also won additional TETRA awards with Hong Kong Mass Transit and the Mumbai, India Airport. Growth also continued in our professional and commercial radio portfolio with solid double-digit growth on top of an excellent first quarter last year as customers continue to choose our digital solutions like MOTOTRBO. This year's International Wireless Communications Expo in Las Vegas provided an opportunity for us to share our latest government solutions and innovation. We announced the MOTOTRBO SL Series, two-way radio, an industry-leading, incredibly thin and light digital radio with its slim form factor, designed to meet user requirements and solutions for hospitality, services, security and airports. With innovative features such as integrated intelligent audio and intuitive work order ticket management, this device enhances professionalism and discretion while enabling improved customer service and faster response times. We also introduced the LEX 700, the first handheld Public Safety LTE device, which delivers street-ready data over Public Safety LTE. This mission-critical handheld delivers a compact, rugged form factor with intuitive user interface in unprecedented access to multimedia applications over multiple networks, including Public Safety LTE. We've talked about how important this technology is for public safety and first responders in the U.S.  We recently were awarded a $4 million contract from Harris County, Texas to expand their Public Safety LTE network with additional sites, to deliver enhanced video and data capabilities along with expanded interoperability with their existing ASTRO 25 radio system. And in February, President Obama signed the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act, which reallocated the D Block for public safety use. In addition, the law provides a funding stream over the next 8 to 10 years at $7 billion for a nationwide network buildout. We believe we're well positioned to compete for this business in Public Safety LTE. The products and solutions developed in our Enterprise segment often appeal to our Government customers as well. For example, the Colombia National Police purchased over 2,000 ES400s for their police force as a supplemental device to connect with local citizens.  Moving on to the Enterprise business, sales in the Enterprise segment were $655 million, a 2% decrease from Q1 of last year. Excluding the expected iDEN decline of $31 million, actually Enterprise grew 3%. Remember also, this comes off of an 18% growth rate in the year-ago quarter. Operating earnings were 16.2% of sales compared to 19.8% last year, with the difference in decline primarily driven by iDEN, pension expense and foreign exchange. At the National Retail Federation Convention in January, we showcased a number of examples of our leadership and innovation. Together with our partners, we demonstrated how technology continues to change the retail landscape from the warehouse to the store floor.  Our Retail customers continue to invest in solutions to improve their customers shopping experience. Demand for this technology comes from all segments of the retail value chain, including designers, distributors and retail points of presence with online or traditional stores. For example, Macy's recently chose our MC3190 and our wireless LAN infrastructure with air defense to drive real-time inventory accuracy within their operations. In another example of our purpose-built enterprise mobile computing portfolio, United Airlines has initially deployed over 3,000 MC95s for baggage handling, accurately tracking bags as they move throughout their North American network, providing greater visibility and improved customer service. And TNT Express in Germany is deploying new proof-of-delivery applications at our MC95 enterprise mobile computing devices as well. In our advanced data capture business, we unveiled the rugged DS3500 extended range scanners with the flexibility to capture bar code information from extended distances for warehouse management and other harsh industrial environments. Goya Foods recently chose these extended-range scanners because of their ability to scan both 1D and 2D bar codes. And furthermore, Goya expects to improve efficiency with the flexibility of a single device that meets all of their scanning requirements. Our go-to-market remains focused on a combination of our 1,700 direct sales professionals and our 20,000-plus channel partners, who help us meet customer needs and extend our reach. Our PartnerEmpower channel program was recently awarded with a top rating from CRN magazine, again recognizing the support and investment we provide to distributors, resellers and applications developers. Our global services team continues to respond to customer demand for more managed services. This quarter, we finalized the transaction to assume responsibility for Norway's nationwide TETRA public safety system, representing a $750 million contract through 2026, one of our largest public safety agreements. Our services team continues to help public safety and public service agencies adopt innovative technologies like video surveillance as well. For example, the city of Chicago video surveillance program continues to expand in Chicago and with additional agencies, such as Chicago public schools, where the program includes -- now includes 14 high schools to keep students safe. In addition, we recently partnered with the city of Cleveland to integrate their Cleveland shared security surveillance network for public safety. Now turning to a regional view for the total company. For the quarter, North America sales grew 9%, driven by solid growth in both Government and Enterprise. EMEA grew 1% with growth in Government. Asia posted 14% growth, while Latin America decreased 5% as a result of the planned decline in iDEN, which disproportionately affected the region.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the site of Jeff Kvaal with Barclays.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I was inquiring about the growth rate for the full year. I think it has been not uncommon for you to be listing your growth rates in these quarterly calls. I think not this time, of course. Can we continue to expect the 2011 growth rates to apply for each region through 2012? Or has that have been reason to inject some caution into that view? And then my follow-up is, it sounds as though the -- some third-party data sees some share loss in wireless LAN, and we're wondering what we can think about that.
Gregory Q. Brown: So Jeff, I mean, our Q1 results were very good. We're only 90 days into the year, and we're mindful of some of the continued extenuating circumstances, particularly in Europe. That said, again, we had a great Q1. Government was a little stronger. Enterprise was -- is returning to more normal levels off of very high comps last year. And we're just mindful of the European situation. That said, I think we're more confident in our full year outlook than we were a quarter ago. And we'll continue to evaluate and update accordingly. In terms of WLAN, I think it's too early to get all the results in for Q1, just because of the fact it's recently completed. Typically, we have grown. WLAN's been great, and it has tracked generally in line with the overall market expansion. We do particularly well in our target verticals of retail and transportation logistics. But overall, it was solid in Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from the site of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Alkesh Shah - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: If I could just follow up on the comments on Enterprise in Europe. Can you talk about what you're seeing in other geographies and if growth in those other geographies, you think, will be enough to sustain growth or Europe will be a bigger drag?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Craig, remember overall kind of as we take a full year view, we always thought that Government would be in low to mid-single-digits. We thought Enterprise would be higher single-digits. And Europe was soft, to your point, but outside of Enterprise in Europe, if you look at Enterprise in the other regions, we had solid growth. So it was pretty specific to Europe. And that said, backlog was up sequentially. So we'll see how things unfold going forward. But overall, a pretty good balanced quarter.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and as -- on my follow-up, just anything you could point to in the Government business. I mean, that continues to track above expectations, whether it's your view of market share gains, new product refreshes or what else? Can you give a little more detail about what's driving the stronger-than-expected growth in Government?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, Government was really good, pretty much in every region. And in North America, as we said, it was really strong as well. I think, Craig, we had some very good systems business, i.e., infrastructure business in Q1, which actually lends itself positively forward-looking as you think about adding subscribers downstream over the next several quarters. But the demand, we've said public safety has always been typically prioritized higher. We continue to see that. I think it's representative of a strong systems business, which was seasonally stronger in Q1 than typical, and continued solid growth in our PCR business. So it continues to perform really well. And also we're refreshing the products, too. So we have -- we continue to tier our professional and commercial radio products. People are moving from analog to digital in the PCR business, and we think we're very well positioned to capitalize on that. So it's a combination of continued good momentum, product refresh and strong growth throughout the world.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And Craig, what I would add there, too, is we had mentioned growth in Europe as well, right? Europe had been relatively flat and down in prior quarters, probably for the last 8 quarters. So it was nice to see that return a little bit to growth, which was good.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, we had a double-digit growth in Government in North America, Latin America and Asia. And to Ed's point, we also grew in Europe as well, so it was a really good quarter for Government.
Operator: Next we will go to the site of Deepak Sitaraman with Credit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg, just on your backlog, how much of the change in the backlog under the new reporting method is related to Public Safety LTE? And can you give us an update on how we should be thinking about timing, just of when Public Safety LTE can be meaningful for you?
Gregory Q. Brown: So the difference in backlog around Public Safety LTE is minimal. Because it's still very early-stage. Remember, we -- as Ed described, we had -- it's really -- the way we counted backlog in Motorola was more of a legacy issue of traditional Motorola, Inc., i.e., we were only -- we were not including services, and we were only including backlog that went up to 18 months old. This is a much more comprehensive and all-in view that gives you and us greater visibility around the total enterprise. Backlog was up. Deepak, it's primarily driven by the award in Norway. Public Safety LTE was de minimis in terms of changing backlog quarter-over-quarter. In terms of overall contribution, we talk about beginning to get some traction in 2013 for Public Safety LTE and more meaningful contribution of 2014 and beyond.
Mark F. Moon: Deepak, just one quick comment. I think the encouraging piece, while Public Safety and Government was up, it's also important to note that Enterprise backlog was up as well. So even as we talk about it, I think it's a good sign as we go forward because pretty good growth in our Enterprise backlog as we move forward.
Gregory Q. Brown: And then, Deepak, one more clarification to add or -- when you break down the increase from the old methodology to the new, a little over $2 billion of the increase was due to the service contracts, and then about $500 million to $600 million of the increase was due to the 18-month rule that we had, just to give you a little more detail on that.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And we -- I'll -- just so you know, we also filed, those are up on our website. You can see the backlog comparison, both new method and old.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great, that's really helpful. And just as my follow-up on capital allocation, specifically buybacks, given that you almost threw the existing authorization that's outstanding, how should we think about buybacks? Are you going to continue to be opportunistic? Or should we expect a steady cadence as you move toward a net debt position?
Gregory Q. Brown: So as we talked about at the Financial Analyst Meeting a little over a month ago, share repurchases remain a critical component of our capital allocation framework, so you should expect that to continue. With that said, on the current program, we've executed $2.5 billion out of the $3 billion program, so about $0.5 billion remaining. As we look at it from a how do we approach it throughout the rest of the year, I think you said it right, I think we will be opportunistic. If the price is lower, we'll be a bit more aggressive. And if it's a bit higher, we'll be a bit more measured as we move forward here. So you should expect to get update from us at the appropriate time. But again, remains a critical component of our capital allocation plans.
Operator: The next question comes from the site of Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if we could delve a little deeper into this -- the TETRA contract in Norway. Should we be thinking of this as kind of a blueprint for how you would expect contract awards in the LTE first-responder market in terms of the inclusiveness of the contracts, links and dollar amount so forth? And then secondly, the backlog growth in Government, looks like if you backed out that Norwegian contract, it was actually down slightly. Is that seasonally normal? Or do you have any year-over-year backlog numbers you can give us for that?
Mark F. Moon: So, Tavis, this is Mark. So if you think about the Norway contract, it's very similar to many of the contracts that we have for public safety throughout Europe. As we've talked about in the past, their contracting is a little different. When they look at nationwide contracts, similar to what we've done in Airwave, we have that kind of setup in a number of countries in Europe. And Norway in particular, that original award was to NSN, and we were only an equipment provider. This change was the customer actually awarded us the entire end-to-end offering as a prime contractor, so that includes a lot of services, a lot of other things as well. We do that similarly throughout Europe and in other parts of the world. As you compare it to LTE, I think that model is still to be determined. And I think there's a lot of work going on. We have some, as we've mentioned in the past, some individual contracts today that do look similar in some fashions to that. But I think the overall picture of the contracting methodology is still to unfold as this rolls out. When you think about backlog, the other comment, as we talked about all the details before, is, if we went back to our old methodology for a second, backlog was still -- excuse me, so I think the important piece is while Norway was the biggest piece of it, that it's still, overall, we didn't see any strong differences to Government and Enterprise other than the Norway change.
Gregory Q. Brown: And just to have us a little bit more color, so overall backlog is up. As Mark referenced, Enterprise backlog is up, as is Government. To your specific inquiry, if you back out Norway, Government backlog is down slightly, which, yes, is seasonally consistent with previous periods.
Operator: Next we will go to the site of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First of all, Greg, I know that your air defense system that you sold Macy's has to do with WiFi security, but I still can't get the image out of my mind of Bloomingdale's attacking them from the north and they needing some kind of, like, missile defense system against them. It just stuck in my mind. A couple of questions. Your guidance for Q1, obviously, was 4% growth. You did 7%, you're guiding next quarter at 6%. I realize there's an item decline going on here as well, but you're still keeping your full year guidance at 5%, which would imply, for the most part, decelerating year-over-year. Given the out-performance in Q1, what didn't give you the confidence to raise your full year guidance? Just if you can walk us through what your plus and minuses in thinking about that? Then on the Norway contract, the $750 million, did NSN recognize any of that ahead of time? So is the remaining part of that contract that you're actually buying in or opting into now, less than $750 million? If you can give us a sense as to what that is? And then the strength that you did see in Government this quarter, can you -- is there a way of discerning how much of that came from narrowbanding versus regular course of business?
Gregory Q. Brown: So on Norway, NSN did not -- when we talk about the $750 million opportunity, that is for us through 2026. NSN did not recognize any piece of that. In terms of overall 2012, just to be clear, we are more confident than we were a quarter ago in our full year outlook. In addition to that, we're only 90 days into the year. And there's elections going on in France. We had, as expected, softness in Europe, European Enterprise, specifically. Enterprise was pretty healthy in the other regions. But we just want to take it in a more measured way and see what happens in Q2 and update you then accordingly. I think it is important, though, we are more confident in the full year outlook. And iDEN decline, we continue to manage, and I think we'll be able to do that. Government was a little bit stronger, Enterprise returning to normal levels. So I think it's more of a stay-tuned situation, and we'll update as we get another quarter underneath our belt. And your third question was...
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Narrowbanding?
Gregory Q. Brown: Narrowbanding. I think it was fairly modest, is my instinct on Q1. Mark, I don't know what you think.
Mark F. Moon: I think the overall effect of narrowbanding is clearly impacting the move to digital. But we see this move to digital around the world, so it's not just a North America phenomenon. We're having strong growth rates in the digital portfolio worldwide. So -- and I think you'll continue to see that as we go forward.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can I sneak a quick follow-up, margins? As iDEN falls off, obviously iDEN's a very high margin business, so your Enterprise margin comes down. Although it's not really coming down, it's just kind of a function of the mix, I think, with iDEN. What's the right operating margin we should think of for the Enterprise business without iDEN?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we talk about that in kind of full year terms, because it really depends on the quarter. As you know, we ramp up sales throughout the year. So on a full year basis, we said that the Government and Enterprise businesses were relatively stable, are relatively consistent in the aggregate without iDEN. So you could think of it in that term. I think the Government a bit higher, but they're relatively comparable, if you will, for the full year results, Ehud. And what you should think of as well, both businesses improving year-over-year. Operating earnings, as a percent of sales, both Government and Enterprise, Enterprise if you back out iDEN improving nicely, both about 1% that we had talked about before.
Operator: Next, we will go to the site of Peter Misek with Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess the first question really comes down to pensions. How much more in payments do we have? Where are we in terms of expectations, plans, expectations, et cetera? If you could provide some color there, that would be great. And then I have a follow-up.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure, on the pension expense. Pension expense, we talked about it being up approximately, U.S. pension expense, approximately $60 million year-over-year. I mentioned on the call the quarter impact of that was about $13 million to the quarterly results. The cash flow impact to that, I think, were about $100 million higher, $340 million of contributions this year to the U.S. pension plan. That's kind of incorporated in our full year cash forecast. And as I mentioned on the prior call, we do expect full year operating cash flow or free cash flow to be up from the prior year relatively in line with our improvement in operating earnings for the full year.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And how much of that cash, $340 million, have you contributed so far already in the year?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: You'll see it in the Q. I think it's -- I think we're about $130 million. I think we did $70 million after the quarter, and we did something in the $60 million range. So about $130 million. It's relatively smooth throughout the year.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And do you expect pensions next year, similar sort of outlay to top it up, or is that how we should look at it?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think the cash contributions next year are relatively consistent. It may go up a bit. I think the expense right now that we're seeing will be up slightly. It won't be quite the impact that we saw this year. And that all depends on the discount rates, as you know, right? So, discount rates can go up or down. If they go up, we'll see a benefit. If they go down, God forbid, may see a bit of an increase. But right now, if it's -- everything stays where we expected it, should be a muted impact in the next year.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just to put a bow on all of this, if we look at your cash movements and we look at working capital requirements, in terms of the business, the backlog and what you're seeing in growth, et cetera, I would expect, and please clarify if this is incorrect, that your working capital requirements are probably at the level they need to be. I would expect that your LTE equipment prebuilds or trials, et cetera, would have already started, and you're contributing to that? I guess my point of my question is don't we have a situation where cash is going to be greater than what you thought 30, 60, 90 days ago and therefore we could probably see a little bit more repatriation to shareholders? That's my final question.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think we still feel good about cash for the full year. A lot of the things that we've seen so in the full year forecast for profit's consistent with what we had planned and what we had talked to you about last quarter. So still expecting cash flow to improve year-over-year based upon that improved earnings. There are some -- there will be some increase in working capital as our sales ramp year-over-year. We are planning for improvements in inventory turns -- improvement in inventory turns year-over-year. We do have a bit of work to do still on receivables, as I mentioned, collecting certain long-term receivables that were reclassified to short term this quarter. And we'll try to get at some of that this quarter. But I think that at the end of the day, the cash guidance that we gave for you, the cash flow guidance, is still consistent with what we expected. Working capital ramp a little bit, but our working capital efficiency, as we normally try to do to, to challenge ourselves, has improved year-over-year. We are driving to do that. And that's factored into that outlook I just gave you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And next we will go to the site of Matt Thornton with Avian Securities.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Not to beat a dead horse, but on Enterprise, I guess, 2 questions. Can you kind of just talk about the linearity in the quarter? And then secondly, one of your prime comps in that business just missed their numbers by about 12%. So I'm wondering if you can talk to kind of a share shift in that business as well and whether you think you're taking share in the Enterprise business?
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think it was clearly too early in terms of Q1, Matt. But I think that when we think about our core Enterprise portfolio over the last 4 to 8 quarters, our view in -- our view is we're holding -- we're slightly gaining share in advanced data capture and in enterprise mobile computing. WLAN probably holding -- maybe a slight decline in WLAN overall, but in that case in the WLAN business, it's experiencing from a segment growth, 30%- or 35%-plus growth. So again, Enterprise backlog, Matt, was up. It was -- our Enterprise business in Europe was soft, as anticipated. But overall, we were generally pleased, with the exception of Enterprise in Europe. And of course, that the overall segment reporting includes iDEN, but we've talked about that. And we'll manage that in a measured way year-over-year and continue to do that.
Mark F. Moon: So one quick add-on. If you think about the linearity, I think, as Greg indicated, we do think that it will continue to return. I would remind you that in Europe, we were coming off of a comparable year-ago quarter of 29% growth. So even when we talk about it being down, I don't want you to leave with the impression that Enterprise growth in Europe is really concerning. We clearly are watching it carefully, but it's coming off of a strong comparable. As we move throughout the year, we still to continue to think that Enterprise growth overall will continue on kind of the pace as we've indicated in the past and will return back to those normal levels, as Greg indicated earlier.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful, and just one follow-up, if I could. Greg, I'm sure you're aware, the NTIA's advising a lot of the different jurisdictions that have planned to build out public safety LTE Networks, they're advising them to hold off until the first net organization can kind of provide the blueprint, if you will, later on this year to ensure interoperability. I know Public Safety LTE revenue is de minimis at this point, but you expect or do you anticipate any impact from potential delays there in the back half of this year?
Gregory Q. Brown: I don't think it will be a big deal for us one way or another this year. I do believe that I'm mindful of what needs to be implemented regarding the overall legislation, but having said that, BTOP grants have been extended to a number of customers with waivers. And we think it's very important for our customers for them to maintain that momentum and to continue to build and deploy accordingly. Because we believe those deployments are entirely consistent and compatible with the overall rollout vis-à-vis Public Safety LTE in the 700 MHz band. So we wouldn't want to have any unintended consequences of pausing or hitting the stop button that would appear to be disruptive for our customers, disruptive for employees and, quite frankly, disruptive from a job continuity standpoint. We want to continue to move forward, and we think we're able to do that but also be complimentary and mindful of what they need to do vis-à-vis first net going forward.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And if I could sneak in just one housekeeping one for Ed. Ed, I think you guys had about $37 million in stock-based comps. You know what that split of that is between R&D and SG&A?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I don't have that at my fingertips.
Operator: Next we will go to the site of Dale Wettlaufer with Morningstar.
Dale Wettlaufer - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Just wondering how much of a threat is iPad to enterprise computing? And I have a follow-up after that.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: The majority of our Enterprise -- we think it's quite low, because the Enterprise mobile computing business is, for us, is more around rugged, heavy industrial scanning, warehouse, back room e-commerce. We have very little presence in front-facing store operations -- some, but the requirements for our devices are more around ruggedization and heavy industrial use. So we think it's reasonably small at this point.
Dale Wettlaufer - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then backlog ex Norway, I don't think you gave the year-over-year number, unless I missed that?
Gregory Q. Brown: We did not. We didn't because we're -- we've recalculated the 18-month backlog to the full life cycle backlog plus services. So we think the most accurate information we can give you is sequentially quarter-over-quarter. And again, overall, it's up. It's up in Government, it's up in Enterprise as well.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, I don't think -- just to give color. I don't expect that you would see any significant changes given just history of that, it's been relatively stable. So the one big change really relates to Norway.
Dale Wettlaufer - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And if I could ask another question on that. Is the Norway contract among your largest managed services contracts? And could you describe the scope of the contract?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, so it is one of the largest. I think we had mentioned, although we have a number of large managed services contracts throughout the world, this clearly is in a whole different game when you look at the size. It will actually be deploying a nationwide TETRA network throughout the entire country of Norway, and that will include site buildouts, equipment installation, operations of that network once it is deployed, and it will be deployed in a number of phases. And then, ultimately, obviously, when you talk about operations, it's not just operating the network, but also maintaining it. And as we look going forward, we think we'll continue to upgrade it with technology over this life cycle of the project.
Operator: And next we will go to the site of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Question for you on foreign exchange for the quarter. Obviously, we saw some significant movement around the world. Can you guys provide a little bit of color about how that, perhaps, impacts your results, both from a top line and bottom line perspective?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Sure. The biggest impact top line was driven by the euro, but not overly significant. We talked about a little bit about $10 million impact during the quarter, that was offset by some favorability in Asia, partially offset. In operating earnings, it was probably a $4 million to $5 million impact to the negative, and EPS, probably relatively flat for the quarter.
Keith M. Housum - Northcoast Research: Great. And then one follow-up, if I may. In terms of pricing, I guess let's come back to your Enterprise segment. How was pricing in the quarter? Were you aggressive in some pockets or is it fairly typical for the first quarter?
Mark F. Moon: I think we actually saw typical pricing for what we would expect for the first quarter. As we've looked at our ASPs across the portfolio, they've been able to maintain, again, part of that driven by some new product introductions. But nothing unusual as we look at what happened in the quarter.
Operator: And there are no further questions in queue. So I would like to announce that this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is, once again, www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation, ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap - Vice President of Investor Relations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Unknown Executive - 
Analysts: Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc. Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, and good morning. Welcome to our conference call to present Motorola Solutions' fourth quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations. Greg and Ed will review our fourth quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. I would like to point out that the results Greg and Ed will highlight in their prepared remarks refer to continued operations and exclude the Amateur, Marine and Airband radio businesses we recently exited. Updated financials reflecting this transaction can be found on our Investor website. We have posted an accompanying earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. In addition, we have posted updated pro forma non-GAAP financials that reflect the recent move of the Amateur, Marine and Airband radio businesses to discontinued operations. I encourage you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. With that, I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep, and good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Q4 marked another great quarter for Motorola Solutions as we achieved a record performance for sales, operating earnings and operating margin. These quarterly results helped cap a very strong and exciting year for our company. 2011 was a year in which we streamlined and strengthened our portfolio, generated excellent cash flow, delivered substantial operating earnings expansion and returned significant capital to our shareholders. Highlights for the quarter included growth in all regions. Strong Government growth, improved operating leverage and the continuation of a meaningful capital distribution program for our shareholders. This morning, we reported sales in the fourth quarter of $2.3 billion, an increase of 5% from Q4 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.54 per share from continuing operations compared to $0.49 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.87 per share compared to $0.64 per share in Q4 of last year, a 36% increase. For the full year, we posted revenue growth of approximately 8% while increasing non-GAAP operating earnings by 29%. For the remainder of this call, we'll reference non-GAAP financial results unless otherwise noted.  So overall, our Government business revenues increased 6%. North America, Asia and Latin America all saw steady growth, while EMEA was down slightly due to continued challenges in Western Europe, but also the modules business divestiture we had earlier. Operating earnings in the Government business grew 39% due to the strength in sales, a stronger product portfolio and continued expense management. Government sales increased 6% for the full year exceeding our outlook of low single digits. In our Enterprise business, sales increased 3% from the year-ago quarter, including an anticipated decline in iDEN. Growth in Enterprise, excluding iDEN, was 9% for the quarter. Growth was driven by enterprise mobile computing and wireless LAN, including managed services as customers continue to view us as a strategic partner, enabling them to increase efficiencies, revenues and customer satisfaction. Operating earnings in the Enterprise business grew 10%. On a full year basis, the Enterprise business delivered revenue growth of 11%. The sales growth this past year in both businesses is a result of our continued focus on new product innovation and delivering solutions recognized by Enterprise and Government customers as an investment with high returns. We continue to enhance the features available on our products, and we've expanded or tiered many of our product portfolios including mission critical voice and enterprise mobile computing. With respect to capital allocation, I'm pleased with our continued progress. During the quarter, we paid $72 million in dividends and repurchased $366 million in MSI stock, bringing the total repurchase amount to over $1.1 billion during the first 2 quarters of the program that we announced last July. I'll now turn the call over to Ed to discuss our financial results in more detail, then I'll return to discuss some operational highlights and provide additional thoughts on our business performance.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg, and good morning. As Greg mentioned, our Q4 sales included growth across all our regions and much of our product portfolio. Along with solid revenues, our disciplined expense management yielded another excellent quarter of operating leverage. On a full year basis, revenue grew 8% to $8.2 billion while operating earnings as a percent of revenue was 16.7%. This represents a 29% increase in operating earnings from 2010. In our Government business, we saw continued growth in the fourth quarter with sales of $1.5 billion, an increase of 6% from the prior year. 2011 full year Government revenues were $5.4 billion, growing 6% over 2010. The Enterprise business grew 3% to $753 million in Q4 driven by enterprise mobile computing, wireless LAN and related managed services. These Enterprise results included a $37 million decline in iDEN revenues. For 2011, the Enterprise business posted revenues of $2.8 billion, growing 11% year-over-year. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.87 per share compared to $0.64 per share a year ago, a 36% increase. Operating expenses were $725 million or 31.5% of revenue, which represents a 300-basis-point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Operating expense dollars were up slightly on a sequential basis and generally in line with our expectations, which we shared with you on the Q3 call. Our operating earnings for the fourth quarter were $444 million or 19.3% of sales compared to $346 million or 15.8% in Q4 2010. Operating earnings growth was over 5x the top line growth in the quarter. Similar to Q3, this accelerated increase in earnings growth was driven by continued expense management focus, as we lowered both R&D and SG&A as a percentage of revenue. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $9 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $24 million in Q4 2010. This quarter's results benefited from lower interest expense due to a decline in outstanding debt. In future quarters, we expect this line item to be a net expense of approximately $15 million to $20 million. Our effective tax rate was 33.7% for the quarter. For 2012, we'd expect our tax rate to be in the range of 34% to 35%. The average cash tax rate still expected to be approximately 20% or approximately 6 years as we utilize available tax credits. Cash flow from operations was $44 million this quarter, which was impacted by an incremental $250 million cash contribution to our U.S. pension plan, which I'll cover in a moment. For the full year, we generated operating cash flow of $847 million, including a total of $480 million of contributions to the U.S. pension plan. We ended the quarter with $5.1 billion in cash and investments and $1.5 billion in debt, which reflects the $600 million debt payment in the quarter. We also spent in excess of $438 million in cash this quarter for share repurchase activity and dividends. As Greg mentioned earlier, we repurchased $366 million in stock during the quarter which brings us to over $1.1 billion in share repurchases for the first 2 quarters of the plan. This amounts to a total of 26.6 million shares at an average price of $41.77. In addition, we paid $72 million in dividends during the quarter.  Before I turn to our outlook, let me spend a moment summarizing some of the important items surrounding our U.S. pension plan including our liability, cash contributions and expenses going into this year. As you all know, our pension deficit is impacted by the volatility of corporate bond rates, which are used to determine the plan discount rate as well as return on the pension plan asset portfolio. The discount rate used to measure liability at the end of 2011 came in at 5.1% compared to 5.75% in the prior year. Due to the new discount rate, our total underfunded U.S. pension plan at year end increased to $2.2 billion. Our planned contributions of $230 million and the incremental $250 million contributed in Q4 helped to partially mitigate the impact of the lower discount rate on our net obligation and future pension costs. Based on the company's current position, we are projecting an increase of approximately $60 million in operating expenses in 2012 compared to 2011 related to pension costs. In terms of the funding for this upcoming year, we plan to contribute approximately $340 million to the U.S. pension plan. As a reminder, the U.S. pension plan was frozen in 2009 and has no future service cost. Now turning to our Q1 and full year outlook. For Q1, we expect sales growth of approximately 4% over the first quarter of 2011, including an estimated $35 million year-over-year decline in iDEN revenues. We expect Q1 operating earnings of 14% to 14.5% compared to 14.5% in the first quarter last year. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.50 to $0.55 from continuing operations utilizing the Q4 ending share count. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q1 2011 of approximately $0.55 per share. As we discussed in our Q1 call last year, the $0.55 per share in Q1 2011 benefited from several nonoperating items within other income and expense primarily relating to investment and foreign currency gains. And an impact of those items on a year-over-year basis is approximately $0.08 per share. This outlook excludes items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases and stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.11 per share. Intangible amortization declines from $50 million to $7 million approximately per quarter as certain intangible assets associated with the Symbol acquisition became fully amortized in 2011.  Moving to full year 2012. Our outlook is for sales growth of approximately 5%, which includes an anticipated $70 million iDEN decline. We expect full year operating earnings to be approximately 17%. The first quarter and full year outlooks factor in the previously mentioned $60 million in additional pension expense we will incur during 2012. Finally, we expect to grow operating cash flow in line with improvements in net income for 2012. As Shep mentioned at the beginning of this call, the outlook I shared with you is based on recently updated financial results, which reflect the exit of the Amateur, Marine and Airband radio business. I'll now turn the call back to Greg for business highlights for the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Ed. In Government, our sales for the quarter were $1.5 billion, up 6% over Q4 2010. Profitability for the business also improved with operating earnings of 19.8% of sales this quarter compared to 15.2% in Q4 of last year. Our growth in the Government business of 6% for the quarter and 6% for the full year demonstrates that mission critical communications remain a priority for our public safety customers and the communities they serve. We had a strong finish to a very good year in North America Government with full year sales growth of almost 6% in the region. Consistent with historical trends, growth in Asia and Latin America was also very good. EMEA saw a modest decline for the quarter and the year driven primarily by the divestiture of the Modules business. There are many common demand drivers across all geographies as public safety users seek improved capability and coverage enhanced features from digital and interoperability. In ASTRO, our market-leading P25 compliant radio system, we won several new large awards including St. Louis County for $65 million to design and build one of the largest local radio systems in the Midwest; and Washington State Patrol for $25 million, which will integrate with the existing Department of Justice P25 trunked system in the state. The state of Tennessee chose us to implement Phase 1 of a statewide radio system to replace a decades-old system. The $29 million upgrade will improve communications across public safety agencies and includes new safety enhancements such as emergency man-down notification and GPS capabilities along with improved coverage and multi-agency interoperability. We also won ASTRO awards with several counties in Florida, including St. Johns for $26 million, Seminole for $15 million, Osceola for $11 million. In Latin America, we won a $20 million contract with the National Police of Ecuador to expand their P25 system and an ASTRO system with the Mexico Federal Electric Commission. We won a 5-year, $22 million contract to build a digital radio network for Western Australia's emergency services, upgrading the existing Police Metropolitan Radio Network. The project, when complete, will mark the first time 3 public safety agencies in Western Australia will share the same network. We expanded our ASTRO APX line up of radios to include an APX 4000 portable radio for public works, utilities and rural public safety. APX now represents the first complete portfolio of P25 Phase 2 TDMA two-way portable radios in the industry. Our portfolio extends beyond voice communications into other areas core to public safety, such as dispatching in the operations center. This past quarter, we were selected by the city of Atlanta to integrate their surveillance camera systems, which will enable Atlanta Police Department to observe incidents real time and deploy law enforcement personnel more efficiently. Douglas County, Nebraska recently chose our PremierOne computer-aided dispatch application to serve their needs in adjoining counties. The Douglas County project represents the first installation of our PremierOne software into a customer-managed virtualized environment and will result in more efficient use of the county's mission critical IT hardware resources. We continue to invest in our next-generation public safety LTE solutions and achieved another milestone this quarter with the first commercial shipment of our public safety LTE devices. We also were awarded a $4 million LTE contract with Irving, Texas as part of a larger voice communications system. Our LTE solution gives public safety agencies the ability to immediately prioritize users, most critical to serving an incident and allocate network resources when disaster strikes. In addition, our solution is interoperable with public carrier LTE networks, providing a way for public safety agencies to extend their coverage through roaming agreements. Growth in our professional and commercial radio portfolio continued this quarter driven by customers replacing analog systems with digital using our MOTOTRBO platform. This trend drove solid double-digit sales growth for the portfolio and was evident in mature markets as well as growth markets. For example in Q4, we won major deals in Russia, Afghanistan and in Nigeria, where we sold 25,000 MOTOTRBO radios to the Ministry of the Interior in the biggest MOTOTRBO project to date in the EMEA region. Moving on to our Enterprise business, sales in the Enterprise was $753 million, an increase of 3% from Q4 of 2010. This included a $37 million decline in the iDEN business and solid demand for the rest of the Enterprise portfolio. Operating earnings expanded to 18.2% of sales from 17.1% last year. For the full year, 11% growth in Enterprise was driven by demand for our enterprise mobile computing, advanced data capture and WLAN infrastructure products. Each of these product portfolios grew at double-digit rates. Demand remains strong in our largest enterprise vertical of retail. The traditional retail landscape is rapidly incorporating new technologies around mobility that influence consumer buying behavior. Our solutions in enterprise mobile computing devices and WLAN infrastructure help retailers meet consumer expectations for service and convenience, from stocking to customer service and checkout. Shoppers Drug Mart, a leading Canadian provider of pharmacy products and services, is installing our micro kiosks for price checking in most of their 1,200 locations. And retail customers continue to invest in our compelling RFID solutions like Lord & Taylor, who's deploying handheld RFID readers in their stores to maintain accurate inventory levels and prevent out-of-stock situations, thereby improving customer service and sales. In transportation and logistics, we saw a continued momentum during the quarter including projects with Italian post and a Dutch company specialized in logistics services. In addition, UPS recently awarded us a new contract for WLAN products that provide advanced WiFi for mobile computing. This WLAN infrastructure will support UPS's next generation package scanning solution at its sorting facilities, utilizing our wireless terminals and imagers. Growth in Enterprise was in part driven by this category, expanding devices like the ES400, which appeals to a customer base that requires a ruggedized device in a smaller form factor. The ES400 has proven to be a beneficial portfolio addition, particularly in EMEA where it's seen adoption by field mobility workers who make use of productivity and location applications running on the device. Another win with Iron Mountain demonstrates continued moment with enterprise mobile computing for field mobility. Iron Mountain is currently deploying MC9590 dual WAN enabled mobile computing devices with a proof of delivery application providing accurate tracking and real-time status updates. This quarter, we introduced the MC2100 industrial series, addressing the need for a smaller rugged enterprise mobile computer that expands the range of solutions available for large enterprises and small and medium businesses. The lightweight and ergonomic MC2100 is ideal for inventory management, stock replenishment, price marking and labeling. It is also the first value-tier rugged handheld in the industry to support HTML5 via the RhoElements application framework that we announced last quarter. Turning now to a regional view for the company. For the quarter, North America sales grew 6% while EMEA grew 4% driven by continued strength in Enterprise, growth in Asia was 7% and Latin America grew 2% due to the planned decline in iDEN. For the full year, our regional sales performance included healthy growth in every region including North America, 5%; EMEA, 9%; Asia Pac, 14%; and Latin America, 10%. We also continue to scale our global services team and build advanced services offerings around our core Enterprise and Government portfolio. An example of the depth of the team is that we signed recently a new $134 million agreement with the state of Victoria in Australia to support the Metropolitan Mobile Radio ASTRO system, a contract that began in 2004 to design, build and manage the network for emergency services organizations. And recently, we reached an agreement to take over the Norwegian nationwide TETRA network from Nokia Siemens Networks. Upon closing of this transaction, we'll broaden our scope from a sub-supplier of core TETRA radio infrastructure to become the prime contractor, including all managed services for the rollout and implementation of the mission-critical systems serving emergency and public safety services in Norway. Every day, our solutions are helping people be their best in the moments that matter. This past year, there were numerous examples where customers and communities experienced natural disasters and emergency incidents. Our communication systems are relied upon during these difficult moments and our long-term commitment to this marketplace is exemplified as we help with rebuilding and recovery efforts.  In closing, our Q4 results were a terrific finish to an outstanding year. We exceeded our financial performance goals in 2011 while executing on our capital allocation plans, which included a $1.2 billion of capital returned in the form of share repurchase and dividends. I'd also like to thank our people and partners for their outstanding accomplishments throughout the entire year. They continue to respond to the needs of our customers and partners in each business and region where we do business. Given our leadership position and market-leading innovation, I look forward to continued growth as we provide best-in-class solutions to both our Government and Enterprise customers.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, we want to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so we can accommodate as many people as possible. Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Peter Misek with Jefferies & Company.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, if we look at 2 key factors, if we look at 2013, I know it's next year and we look at public safety legislation, if it were to pass this year given Congressional support, never mind the bickering they have, how many quarters do you think it'll be before we would see a ramp in revenue for that if we make assumption that it passes this year?
Gregory Q. Brown: Peter, if you're referring to kind of D Block, it's a close call. It's tough to say whether it will go this year or not. But what I would say is that we are -- we remain pretty confident that eventually additional spectrum will be made to public safety. To remind you, and I think you referenced it, we're not anticipating any material revenue contribution in '12 from LTE. But I think eventually they'll get there and they'll coalesce around a plan to give public safety more spectrum. That as we've referred to, LTE is incremental to the plan and included and incorporated in the guidance we've given for this year.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And just to sneak one in on the guidance for next quarter, if we look at historical patterns and what seems to be like your backlog going into the quarter, it looks like the growth that you're forecasting seems very conservative. Can you give us a little bit more detail there in terms of puts and takes, seasonality on how we should be thinking about Q1?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, and I'm glad you mentioned that, Peter, because to remind everybody, from a linearity standpoint, Q1 is typically our lowest quarter. So our guidance incorporates looking at historical trends for revenue contribution. So it's 4% including the decline of iDEN in Q1, which I think is $37 million in Q1. So if you normalize for that, we would anticipate on a normalized basis, it being higher. But you're right, Q1 is technically the lowest revenue growth quarter and then we ramp over time. For the full year, we're expecting 5% all-in even with a $70 million decline in iDEN. And we're forecasting and anticipating operating margins of about approximately 17%.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citigroup.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When we think about your outlook for 2012, I want to make a couple of clarification questions, then I have a follow-up. I assume that 5% outlook in sales is excluding the exiting of businesses, is that correct?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's correct. The results that have been included in discontinued operations will be taken out and that guidance is provided with that in context.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then my question is when we think about, your company has a lot of attractive cash flow and this year you paid down debt, you started issuing stock buybacks and dividends and such. When we think about your cash flow, which, if I heard correctly, you think should basically mirror your sales growth of 5%, maybe I'm off on that. But let's say your cash flow does grow by 5% next year, how should we think about the cash deployment there? Are you looking at a continual reducing of your share base? Does acquisition start to be a little bit more interesting here? How should we think about that use of cash, which is a good issue to have?
Gregory Q. Brown: Okay, thanks, Jim. I think a couple of things. First, we have the $2 billion share repurchase program as we talked about, $1.1 billion through that program through the end of the year. Another $900 million left to go through the end of 2012. I think on the -- when you look at the cash flow generation, the operating cash flow, I think we're still sticking to the guidelines that we gave at the end of the second quarter. That framework of the allocation of cash that is generated, 25% CapEx, approximately 30% to dividends and then that 45% remainder to a flexible combination of acquisitions and/or incremental share repurchases. So I think we're sticking with that, and I think that framework will work for us going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Stanley Kovler - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is actually Stan Kovler for Ehud. I was wondering if you can update us on the $1.5 billion LTE funnel that you used to talk about before. Where does that still stand, if you can give us some information there?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So Ehud, if you think about -- I'm sorry, Stan, if you think about what we've talked about in the past, we still remain very confident about the LTE funnel. And we talked about in the past that it was not only a North American funnel, it's been driven somewhat by the BTOP grant and the D Block that Greg mentioned earlier. But there's also strong demand in the Middle East and in parts of Asia, as well as Latin America where we're doing a trial in Brazil and are talking to Colombia as well. So that funnel is still very healthy. As we've talked about earlier, no meaningful revenue in 2012, but we do expect the ramp to start in '13 and continue forward in the out years beyond that. So we're still very excited about the LTE business as we go forward.
Operator: So next, the side of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Greg, can you touch on the backlog in the public safety business and also visibility in that business today versus recent quarters?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Craig, I would say our visibility is pretty consistent with previous quarters. So we've talked about having a reasonable view, 3 to 6 months out. I think that's the same as we -- as it has been historically. Backlog was down slightly exiting the year as we finished 2011, but we feel good about our position and it's been incorporated in the guidance we've given.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, Ed, on the 17% operating margin target, you talked about some of the pension expense. Any other puts and takes as you think about margins as you trend through the year in terms of SG&A and gross margin?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think the big one we talked about is the pension expense of $60 million, but we also did talk about the iDEN decline to a certain extent, right? So the $70 million decline in iDEN, which we have talked a bit more profitable given the stage of that business and the position that we are there in that business. So I think, those are that 2 big factors. We'll get that leverage at the top line by managing expenses, but growing the operating earnings from 16.7% to approximately 17% as a result.
Operator: We'll go next to Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: The question is really on 2012 guidance, although Enterprise, ex-iDEN, is still growing, it clearly decelerated throughout this year. And I was wondering as we look at the 5% guidance for the full year, how should we be thinking about that split between Government and Enterprise and even if you can just talk qualitatively about that. And then a follow-up on the pension, Ed. The cash contributions you're putting into the pension both last year and this year, are those minimum requirements? And if not, what are the costs and benefits you're weighing to decide on that cash number?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Tavis, as you think about it, we've had really good Enterprise performance for the last several quarters and very pleased with it. Going into 2012, as we look at our individual businesses and segments with Government and Enterprise, we think about Government growing low to mid-single digits for 2012 and Enterprise growing for high single digits, and that's the mix that we're anticipating that gets incorporated for the full year annualized at 5%. I think that this push for mobility in the Enterprise, specifically in retail and the press for having store operations is informed as smart consumers when they come in. Because more and more shoppers are smarter, is pushing retailers and other enterprise verticals to equip and modernize from a mobility technology standpoint, and those trends serve us well.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So on the pension front, as you mentioned, the $230 million was more in line with what we had planned at the beginning of the year and in line with what would be required. The $250 million was the incremental amount that was contributed this year, the voluntary amount if you will, bringing the total contributions for the U.S. plan to $480 million. The $340 million next year, I would view more in line with the required amounts as we look at the pension contributions for the full year 2012.
Operator: Our next question from Jeff Kvaal with Barclays Capital.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I wanted to get into the Enterprise segment a little bit because actually I'm not sure that it was as strong as you would have hoped it would be. A little bit below seasonality in the fourth quarter, and it seems a little bit light in the first. Now it sounds as though that iDEN is a big part of that. And if that's the case, would you mind giving us a little bit more detail on how big iDEN is as a percentage of the mix? And if there's more to it rather than iDEN, we'd -- I'd obviously love to hear that.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, Jeff. So iDEN was -- declined $37 million in Q4. And as you -- which is obviously included in our Enterprise results and compressed the revenue growth to all-in of 3% for Q4. If you think of 2012, iDEN is going down approximately $70 million, of which half of that decline is hitting us -- anticipated to hit us in Q1. So that's the math that's working its way through the Enterprise P&L. But normalized for that, we continue to see some positive demand both in transportation and logistics. And obviously, for Q4, we grew 9% and for the full year, 11%. So -- and it's coming off a pretty high base year of comps, too. So that's the composition of the segment.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Could you tell us what the total iDEN revenues were for 2011?
Gregory Q. Brown: So in '11, they were $365 million I believe. And I think they're going to be -- we're planning on approximately $300 million for 2012.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And would it be fair to say that they are above the corporate -- above the segment average operating margin?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's correct.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Larry Harris with CL King.
Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Was wondering if you could perhaps discuss, and I know it's a relatively small business, but the Amateur, marine, Air/land radio business, was that contributing about $22 million in revenues per quarter? And was this in the Enterprise or Government segment? And why is it being discontinued? It didn't look like it had a major impact one way or another on earnings.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, Larry. I think your comment is exactly right across both fronts, it was roughly $90 million for the full year. We had picked up those businesses when we made the acquisition of Vertex Standard. It was really noncore to our business as you mentioned. Wasn't really substantial, so we've decided to exit that Marine, Airband and the Amateur business and stick back to our core business. It was reported in the Government segment. So we're going back to our core Government business. Those brands will continue on under a new brand of Yaesu as it goes forward. So we won't be in those lines of business.
Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: And do you expect much in the way of proceeds from this or what will happen?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: No, it was...
Gregory Q. Brown: I would just say it was just a part of an agreement that we made with the former owner, and there was a division of assets, if you will, so not a lot of net proceeds as a result.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Deepak Sitaraman with Crédit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg, just a question for you. In the core Enterprise business ex-iDEN, your guidance for the full year seems to suggest a meaningful deceleration. Is that more reflective of just the cyclical nature of that business or are there certain geographies or verticals that are driving that view?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think, Deepak, it's more or less coming off of previous periods, strong growth in terms of year-on-year comp candidly. We expect -- we had record years in our advanced data capture business, in our WLAN business, enterprise mobile computing was really robust. We expect a continuity in extension of strong performance in those product areas. And so I think it's more or less that. Now obviously, as I mentioned, we still are all-in planning on high single digits for the Enterprise for revenue and low to mid on the Government segment.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Excluding the iDEN decline, right? So that's...
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: The other comment around the regional clarity, we spoke in the last couple of calls about the strength of Enterprise in Europe and particularly Western Europe, which again as we plan for this year, we've been a little more conservative given everything that's going on in that region.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a question on the short-cycle Enterprise business. Are you seeing any kind of destocking or any kind of major movement in those businesses?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think as we look at that business, we see the trends continuing the same. In fact, as we work through all of the supply chain issues that arose last year due to the incidents in Japan and in Thailand, our distributors have continued to show strength. In fact, they continue to stock at pretty good levels. So interestingly enough, across the board, the demand, the buying patterns, as well as the trends seem to remain consistent to what we've been seeing in the past.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: RFID, you've talked about that a few times, Greg. Can you kind of give us an idea of the size of that market as you see it now? And with the standards getting a bit more kind of settled out, where do you see that as a growth opportunity for your business and how do you see yourself positioned? Are you primarily a reader's player? Have you done anything -- you used to have a packaging capability, do you still have that? Can you give us a little bit of a more run down on that part of your business?
Gregory Q. Brown: So Brian, we're -- I'm still very excited about the opportunity but candidly, it's pretty small. And I think it will remain small. Now we've had some great client references. I mentioned Lord & Taylor is the most recent. And yes, we're active, and I think lead in the mobile reader space. I think more and more retailers and other enterprise clients will also look to incorporate fixed. I think there's opportunities for RFID, both mobile and fixed, and perhaps optimize with some things in our WLAN portfolio that could be unique. So I consider us very strong in RFID. I like our patent portfolio. I like our product portfolio, but it is small. And while it remains an interest of high appeal for many customers, it's not -- by no means material, and I wouldn't see it as such for the foreseeable future.
Brian T. Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So it's below 5% of revenues?
Gregory Q. Brown: Absolutely, yes, for sure.
Operator: We'll go next to Matt Thorton with Avian Securities.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ed, a quick question. Can you remind us, I know you guys have a debt payment coming up this year, I think it's like $400 million. What quarter does that hit? And then secondly on the payment to Motorola Mobility, how much is left and kind of how will that play out?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: So on a debt piece, it's the fourth quarter and it's a $400 million amount that comes due. We remain flexible on what we plan to do with that. And we'll give you more updates on that as we move forward on the quarters. On the Motorola Mobility, I believe the amount that's left to...
Unknown Executive: $75 million.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: To go there is $75 million. That will depend upon as we disclosed repatriation of cash from certain foreign jurisdictions. So we'll update you on that as there's news to report.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got you. And how much did you guys repatriate in the quarter?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: We repatriated in excess of $400 million during the quarter.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, terrific. And just one follow-up if I could, quickly. On the Wi-LAN business, I know it's a fairly small but a high-growth business for you guys. Can you kind of just talk about the demand you're seeing there quarter-to-quarter? And then perhaps just talk about how much of a priority you're putting on, pushing outside of retail and your core cement 4 verticals into other verticals in that market?
Gregory Q. Brown: So the WLAN business and market overall is -- as you know, Matt, is really strong growth, and we were clearly a beneficiary of that, which was reflected by the fact that we've had our best year ever. Now we do focus and we have great success in the verticals where we're strong. So retail, transportation and logistics, energy, utilities and that remains the power alley of where we focus our WLAN portfolio. We're not nearly as successful in the verticals where we are not as strong from a distribution and sales coverage standpoint. But the other thing I'd mention, Matt, is it's becoming an interesting asset, more interesting asset as a component in our services strategy. So as enterprise customers want to manage mobility behind the firewall, and they're trying to do device management and security and manageability for a portfolio devices and optimize the performance of those devices with WiFi infrastructure, obviously we bring all 3 elements of that stool, the devices, the wireless LAN portfolio, as well as the manageability software. So it was -- it had a really good year, and I think we've got a great team leading it. And I expect it to grow pretty strongly again in 2012. And we will be targeted in our stronger verticals and using it as an anchor tenant in some of our managed services offerings.
Operator: I show we have no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Okay. Thank you. I want to remind everyone the details outlining, highlighted items are GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our motorolasolutions.com, Investor Relations site. An audio replay together with a copy of today's slides will also be available on this site shortly after the conclusion of this call.  During this call, we made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. Forward-looking statements or any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date.  Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales growth including by segment, by region; earnings per share outlook; future tax rates and cash tax rates; operating cash flow; growth and uses of cash; expectations for operating earnings, operating expenses including those related to pension costs in contributions, the amount of other income expense, as well as operating margins and profitability; future declines and intangible amortization; demand trends for our businesses and products such as wireless LAN, LTE, RFID and conversion from analog to digital; the ability of our products to increase efficiencies and revenues for our customers; our expected decline in iDEN; the timing and ability to repurchase shares under the share repurchase program; our ability to pay future dividends as well.  Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in these forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause and in some cases have caused such differences can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 12 through 25, and Item 1-A of our 2010 annual report on Form 10-K; on Page 46, Item 1A of our first quarter 2011 quarterly report on Form 10-Q; on Page 50 in Item 1A of our third quarter 2011 quarterly report on Form 10-Q; and in Motorola Solutions and other SEC filings. Thanks. We look forward to speaking with all of you again shortly.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap -  Mark F. Moon - Senior Vice President of Sales & Field Operations Gregory Q. Brown - Chairman, Chief Executive officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Edward J. Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Avi Silver - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc. Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website.  In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to our conference call to present Motorola Solutions Third Quarter Results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and CFO; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations.  Greg and Ed will review our third quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. I would like to point out that the results Greg and Ed will highlight in their prepared remarks refer to continued operations and exclude our point-to-point Orthogon and point-to-multipoint Canopy business units, which are now included in discontinued operations as a result of our previously announced sale of these business units during Q3.  We have posted an accompanying earnings presentation and press release at motorolasolutions.com/investor. In addition, we have posted updated pro forma non-GAAP financials that reflect the recent move of Orthogon and Canopy to discontinued operations. I encourage you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date.  Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. I would like to now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. Motorola Solutions delivered a great third quarter, and our results were strong in almost every dimension that we measure. In fact, it was a record performance for a third quarter in sales, operating earnings and operating margin.  Highlights for the quarter included growth in all regions, continued strength in Enterprise, better-than-expected Government growth, improved operating leverage and significant return of capital to our shareholders. This also marked another quarter of accomplishments that demonstrate our innovation and commitment to deliver the best mission-critical solutions to our public safety and enterprise customers.  This morning, we reported sales in the third quarter of $2.1 billion, an increase of 10% from Q3 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.45 per share from continuing operations, compared to a $0.04 loss in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing ops were $0.65 per share compared to $0.54 per share in Q3 of last year, a 20% increase.  Our Government business revenues increased 9% as we saw growth across all regions, especially within Asia and Latin America, as customers continued to deploy our public safety solutions.  Non-GAAP operating earnings in the Government business grew 27% due to the strength in sales and continued expense management.  In our Enterprise business, sales increased 13% from the year-ago quarter as companies continued to deploy our products and solutions further into their organizations to improve productivity, operational excellence and improve the customer experience.  Last quarter, we emphasized the priority we placed on capital return. During the quarter, we returned $744 million in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and, earlier this month, made our initial dividend payment of $0.22 per share.  I'll now turn the call over to Ed to discuss our financial results, then return to discuss operational highlights and provide additional thoughts on our business performance.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. As Greg mentioned, our Q3 sales reflected across-the-board strength in all regions. Along with strong revenue growth, we had great profitability and operating margin performance while continuing appropriate level of investment in the business.  Revenue growth continued in our Government business with third quarter sales of $1.4 billion, an increase of 9% from the prior year. Enterprise business delivered another excellent quarter as the segment grew 13% to $726 million, driven by strength in enterprise mobile computing and our wireless LAN portfolio.  In addition to our sales performance, our total backlog in Q3 was up slightly from the prior quarter. On a GAAP basis, earnings from continuing operations net of taxes were $152 million, and EPS was $0.45 per share. Non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations were $0.65 per share compared to $0.54 a year ago.  Operating expenses were $708 million, or 33.6% of revenue, which represents a 240 basis point improvement from the year-ago quarter. Operating expense dollars were roughly flat sequentially, in line with the outlook we provided in our last call. We expect Q4 operating expenses to be comparable to this past quarter.  Operating earnings for the third quarter were $358 million or 17% of sales, compared to $289 million or 15.1% in Q3 2010. This 24% increase in operating earnings was driven by the 10% increase in sales combined with disciplined operating expense management. We are pleased with the leverage in our business as operating earnings increased over twice the rate of revenue growth during the fourth quarter. Total other income and expense was a net expense of $16 million in the quarter, compared to a net expense of $18 million in Q3 2010. This quarter's results benefited from higher-than-expected investment gains. However, we continue to expect this other income expense line to be a net expense of approximately $20 million to $30 million in future quarters.  Our effective tax rate was 34.8% for the quarter, and we now expect a tax rate for the full year in the range of 34% to 35%. As we have previously stated, our average cash tax rate is expected to be approximately 20% for the next 6 years as we utilize available tax credits.  Cash flow from operations was $477 million this quarter, which were driven by solid operating earnings, relatively stable working capital levels and reductions in our long-term receivables related to our former Networks business.  On a year-to-date basis, we've generated approximately $300 million of operating cash flow, and we expect another solid quarter of cash generation to close out the year. We ended the quarter with $6.3 billion in cash and investments and $2.1 billion in debt.  We also returned $744 million in cash to our shareholders this quarter through our recently initiated stock repurchase program. A repurchase of 18.4 million shares at an average price of $40.38 reduced shares outstanding by over 5%. Lastly, I want to remind you that we're on course to retire the $600 million of debt that comes due on November 1. Now turning to our full year and Q4 outlook. We are now raising our expected full year revenue outlook to approximately 7% growth, compared to our previous outlook of 5.5% to 6%. We still expect operating earnings, as a percent of sales, to be approximately 16.5% and a higher outlook sales.  In addition to our robust sales performance in Q3, we continue to expect Q4 sales growth of 2% to 3% over an exceptionally strong fourth quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the planned iDEN decline, expected Q4 growth would be approximately 5.%.  Our outlook for Q4 non-GAAP earnings per share is $0.78 to $0.83 from continuing operations. This outlook is based on Q3 ending share count. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.18 per share that is historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases.  I'll now turn it over to Greg for segment and business highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Q. Brown: Thanks, Ed. In the Government business, our sales for the quarter were $1.4 billion, up 9% over Q3 2010, growth was solid in all regions and particularly strong in Asia and Latin America. Profitability for the segment also improved, with operating earnings representing 16.2% of sales this quarter compared to 13.8% in Q3 of last year. This increase in operating earnings was driven by our ability to grow revenues faster than operating costs.  This quarter marks the seventh consecutive quarter year-over-year growth -- or year-over-year growth in our Government business, which demonstrates the priority that mission-critical communications spending receives among the federal and state and local governments.  In the U.S., state tax revenues have increased for 6 consecutive quarters. The recent National League of City fiscal condition survey showed that municipalities are better able to meet financial needs in 2011 and in the prior 2 years, with public safety being one of the least likely areas to be impacted due to budget constraints.  In August, we participated in APCO International's 77th Annual Conference and demonstrated our leadership in both the standards process and interoperability for first responders. During the show, we announced several exciting new products, including shipment of our latest version of ASTRO as the industry's first commercially available P25 system with Phase II TDMA, a technology which doubles the voice capacity of P25  Phase I for more efficient use of spectrum. We already have 18 customers signed up for this release. And during the quarter, we shipped the $14 million project for Washington D.C. and added a contract with the city of Cleveland for $38 million.  To complement our award-winning APX 7000 radio, we released the first remote speaker microphone designed for firefighters. Another example of innovation that produces life-saving technology for firefighters around the world is Speaker Mic. It features a 2-microphone design that cancels out distracting background noise and has an emergency light activated mid-smoke.  Our innovation was on display at APCO with products of the future as well, including a newly designed ultimate patrol vehicle in partnership with General Motors. This vehicle has improved ergonomic designs with integration of our public safety LTE, voice recognition and video solutions in the car.  Demand for our APX radio continues to grow, highlighted by a $30 million contract with Jefferson County 911 dispatch in Missouri and a $5 million award with the state of New Jersey and several multi-million-dollar awards from the Department of Justice to continue rolling out APX radios to numerous agencies.  Internationally, in ASTRO, we received a $7 million award for an ASTRO P25 nationwide system expansion for the National Police of Colombia, and in Mexico, a $4 million ASTRO P25 network to the public safety State Council of Jalisco, which will help support the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara.  In TETRA, we had another good quarter with an award for the state of Hessen, Germany that includes over 50,000 radios along with service and support, a deal that follows several other recent TETRA wins in other federal states in Germany.  We also renewed a managed services and support agreement with Airwave for $95 million to support their TETRA network in the U.K., which is the largest TETRA network in the world, with over 250,000 subscribers in nationwide coverage.  In Asia Pac, we won multi-million-dollar awards with Shangdong Police and Kunming metro in China.  In addition to our leadership and public safety mission-critical voice standards of P25 and TETRA, we continue to innovate in the professional and commercial market segments for voice communications, including the digital mobile radio standard. For example, this past quarter, we celebrated a milestone of having shipped over 1 million units of MOTOTRBO, the first digital radio in the professional market segment, that we introduced in 2007. Today, over 1/3 of our new shipments in this portfolio are now digital as users embrace the improved coverage and audio quality as well as an entire array of new features for these radios, like GPS, location-based services, email, alerts, text messaging, work order tickets and many more enabled by our applications developer community.  In our Government non-voice portfolio of mission-critical applications that we call integrated command and control, we gained momentum with our new PremierOne software platform, including a $3 million award for Will County, Illinois to support the administration of the countywide enhanced 911 system and a $3 million contract for a new 911 emergency call system for the Royal Bahamas Police Force, which will automate the dispatch of police and emergency vehicles and eliminate the need for officers in the field to report their location back to the command center. A recent study by The Urban Institute evaluated 3 major cities that installed video surveillance systems and found that while crime reduction varied among the cities, those who actively monitored the cameras reduced crime in a cost-effective manner.  Another example of a Motorola Solutions customer that's adopting this technology is Chattanooga, Tennessee with the implementation of a mesh network that includes video cameras and laptops for police cars.  In public safety LTE, opportunities in North America continue to evolve, with additional demand in the Gulf states and parts of Latin America. For example, we recently announced Motorola Solutions will help the Brazilian Army test 4G LTE technologies for mobile broadband applications for public security, operating in the 700 megahertz frequency range.  We continue to demonstrate our leadership in next-generation public safety LTE. We recently announced our first devices for LTE: a vehicle modem which is installed in a patrol car or other public safety vehicle to create an in-car network with broadband connection back to headquarters. And a USB LTE modem that allows mobile computers to access the public safety LTE network. Together with Verizon Wireless, we demonstrated a first-ever LTE public-private interoperability capability when a patrol vehicle outfitted with dynamic public safety applications maintained its live data sessions while seamlessly switching between the Motorola public safety LTE network and the commercial Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network. The applications featured on the vehicle included computer-aided dispatch, automate license plate recognition and live surveillance video. So moving to the Enterprise segment. Sales in the enterprise segment were $726 million, an increase of 13% from Q3 of 2010, which was led by growth in our enterprise mobile computing and wireless LAN portfolios.  Operating earnings expanded to 18.6% of sales from 17.8% last year. Mobile computing, our largest product segment within Enterprise, continues to grow at double digits. In fact, the third quarter was a record revenue quarter for this business as customers around the world deploy our mobile computing solutions to streamline their costs, enhance their top line and drive business transformation.  Our mobile computing solutions are being used in a wide array of enterprise environments in customer-facing situations at a retail store to package delivery in one of the most remote places in the world. Our Enterprise customers demand durable devices that offer a life cycle beyond the normal consumer device together with enterprise-class security device management and flexibility.  In addition to growth in core verticals like retail and transportation and logistics, demand for our enterprise mobile computing portfolio includes an increasing number of wide area network-enabled devices. Our mobile computing portfolio now ships with over 35% of devices including carrier WAN options, reflecting expanded-use cases among knowledge workers who travel outside the traditional 4 walls of LAN coverage in areas like field mobility and sales.  Improving upon our offering of unique industrial designs for our highly rugged mobile computer portfolio, we expanded our lineup of mobile computers for hazardous environments with Havelock [ph]-certified rugged device design to meet the needs of a broad range of mobile workers in the manufacturing, government, petrochemical and pharmaceutical industries.  We recently unveiled the ET1 tablet, the first in an emerging category of enterprise-class tablets designed for verticals like retail, manufacturing and logistics. The ET1 brings a true enterprise-class device with enhanced durability, an optional bar code scanner and magnetic stripe reader, hot-swappable battery packs and secure system software. Intended for demanding day-long use, the Wi-Fi-enabled ET1 includes encryption and device management features that enable the device to be shared and provision for each employee according to the respective level of responsibility. The ET1, an entire mobile computing portfolio, will be supported by Motorola's portfolio of enterprise-grade software modules, including RhoElements, a new HTML5 application enablement framework from our recently acquired Rhomobile.  Using this framework, businesses can now quickly and cost-effectively develop enterprise applications once and deploy them on both traditional Windows Embedded Handheld and Android-based Motorola devices.  Demand for our enterprise mobile computing solutions among customers in transportation and logistics also remain strong. We won deals with Posten Logistik Group in Sweden for 10,000 MC65 units and with DHL in France for 1,500 units of the MC9500 series enabled with proof-of-delivery applications.  We continue to grow in the utilities vertical as well, with examples like GDF Suez, a French multinational energy company who chose our MC65 for field mobility use; and Eskom, the electricity company which supplies 95% of South Africa's energy, now uses 5,000 MC75 devices in their fleet. In retail, we've seen continued adoption of personal shopping and self-scanning solutions enabled with our MC17 device. For example, after a successful pilot, Jumbo Supermarkets in the Netherlands decided on a $15 million -- sorry, $5 million store rollout of over 6,500 devices.  In scanning, a transition from laser to imaging in advanced data capture products continues to drive growth. A primary driver for this transition is the requirement for retailers to read several types of bar codes, including traditional 1D bar codes and new 2D matrix bar codes, such as quick-response codes. These new bar codes are often read from a consumer shopper's smartphone with mobile applications such as coupons and loyalty programs. Retailers of all sizes are investing in tools to read these scans and capture the information to improve customer service and encourage customer loyalty.  Building on this trend, we unveiled 2 new products in the past quarter, including the compact DS457 fixed-mount imager and a sleek MK3000 micro kiosk, offering premium 1D and 2D scanning capabilities as well as the ability to read bar codes for mobile phones.  In RFID, we unveiled a next-generation industrial-class fixed RFID reader. This RFID reader is designed for reading RFID-enabled pallets in bulk cases at dock doors, conveyors and other industrial read points that require high reader performance for rugged environments.  In the enterprise wireless LAN, we have a leadership position in our largest verticals, such as retail. In addition to the vertical demand expertise and integration with the rest of our portfolio, WLAN differentiators for us include air defense and voice-over-wireless-LAN clients for our devices. Raley's, a $3 billion grocery store chain on the West Coast, recently chose our WLAN solution combined with deployment and maintenance services for all of their 140 stores.  Our WLAN portfolio recently was recognized with a 2011 Research PilotHouse Award for market leaders based on our strength in technology, customer service and overall value.  Last quarter, we announced the formation of our Global Advanced Services team, led by Bruce Brda. I'm proud to report the recent contract with Sears demonstrates the power of this organization working with our field teams. Over 83 years ago, our first recorded sale was to Sears, Roebuck. And today, Sears is transforming the way it serves increasingly connected tech-savvy shoppers. Sears recognized the need to modernize their existing network infrastructure, and they wanted a different model to align their business objectives with service level agreements from a leader in its industry. Together, we developed a life cycle proposal where we offered to build and operate and secure Sears' mobility infrastructure to enable on-the-go capabilities for its associates and better mobile experiences for its shoppers.  The result is a strategic relationship and a significant enterprise managed services contract, which draws from our entire services portfolio including integration, managed infrastructure and air defense security services. Now turning to a total regional view for the company all in, we saw growth in each one of our regions in Q3. North America sales were up 6%, which includes a 5% increase in Government. EMEA delivered solid double-digit growth, driven by continued strength in Enterprise and growth in Government. Growth in Asia was solid double-digits balanced across Enterprise and Government, while Latin America also posted a solid double-digit growth in Government and Enterprise.  Our solutions portfolio is more focused than ever on delivering mission-critical solutions to our core customers with the announced sale of our point-to-point Orthogon and point-to-multipoint Canopy businesses. This business represented approximately $170 million in annual revenues and was not strategic to our core focus of Enterprise and Government customers. Let me close today's call by saying that we had an exceptional quarter, characterized by growth in Enterprise and Government and across all of our regions. We also demonstrated operating margin expansion and significant return of capital to shareholders. We did this while continuing to improve our cost structure and investing in strategic initiatives that we believe will improve our long-term positioning as a company.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, we want to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so that we can accommodate as many participants as possible. Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from the side of Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Greg, you mentioned solid growth across all regions. Can you dig in a little bit to the Enterprise? Good growth there as well, but just with some of the recent macro concerns there, any change in order patterns or tone of customers that you're seeing? And anything to call out by specific region?
Gregory Q. Brown: Craig, no, we had -- as I mentioned, we had 13% year-over-year growth in the quarter. We had double-digit growth in both mobile computing and WLAN. I just think that there continues to be demand for mobile computing overall. And as more and more workers mobilize, those are favorable trends to us. I think stepping back -- also, by the way, all in for both Enterprise and Government, we saw backlog up slightly sequentially as well, which we felt was a good sign. So I think that we continue to perform in our key verticals. But at the end of the day, Craig, the whole emphasis on ROI and enterprises to get their cost structure down while simultaneously trying to drive revenue, increase performance at customer point of contact are trends that are favorable to us.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then if I could follow up with Ed. Good performance on the OpEx this quarter, and you got it flat next quarter. Can you just update in terms of the course you identified at the time of the spinoff where you are and any additional measures you might look to take as you go into next year?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think as we updated on the last quarter call, we felt confident that we had executed to the cost reduction initiatives to take out the overhang-related costs that we had called out pretty early beginning last year, so I think we feel pretty good that those actions have been taken. The cost structure is aligned and the main reason why you're seeing us now kind of relatively flat quarter-to-quarter and guiding to relatively flat expenses for the fourth quarter. I think as we go forward into 2012, we'll come back to you with specific guidance. But you should expect us to continue to leverage the P&L going forward, whereas cost structure will not grow to the extent of the sales growth that we'll expect the next year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from the side of Deepak Sitaraman with Credit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Greg, in the past, you've talked about long-term margins of the business being in the 16% to 18% range. This year, you're already on track to do about 16.5%. Can you talk us through some of the drivers of margin from here? I guess, just beyond revenue mix and operating leverage, what are some of the puts and takes we should be thinking about?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think that the levers on continued operating expansion, of course, start with revenue growth, because we have gotten the cost structure further and further improved, which is why you see the kind of operating leverage that you do this past quarter with OE, or operating earnings, growing 2x the top line. I do think there's always opportunities to become more efficient as well, as we have successfully spun off mobility 10 months ago in a lot of the support services. We're always evaluating our shared services, our engineering footprint, our manufacturing capacity. So we're looking at a lot of different things to ensure that we are as effective and efficient as we can be while still investing about $1 billion of R&D. So I think there's shared services, real estate footprint, obviously revenue growth and as we continue to be more efficient in the cost of goods side with the consolidation of suppliers, I think there's a number of different things that can help us continue to drive operating margin expansion over time.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, then as my follow-up, as you grow your services business, how should we think about the impact of that on margins? Is that a drag to margins? Or is it sort of a net neutral?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, I mean different product lines will have different gross margin profiles. And it is -- you're right, it is certainly likely that a lot of our services business will not have the gross margins that we enjoy in other segments. Having said that, Deepak, we are not confused and, all in, will continue to manage the whole portfolio, and our goal will be to continue to drive operating margin expansion and, of course, increase operating and free cash flow as well. And so we'll manage that mix.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And just to add to that, I'd say that as you look at our services business, gross margins may be a bit lower, as we've disclosed, but operating margins are not that different. So we don't expect the services business as it grows to be a drag on the operating earnings growth that we've been talking about.
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: I have a question on your acquisition and divestment activities in the quarter. Can you tell us how you look at this at the moment? How is the divestment of Canopy and Orthogon have -- how you've been thinking through that, and also the acquisition of Rhomobile? And going forward, is there any particular area in your portfolio where -- or in your geographic exposure where you feel you don't have the right exposure and you would see some further M&A activity?
Gregory Q. Brown: So on the divestiture of what we call our wireless broadband business, our point-to-point and point-to-multipoint, the fact of the matter is it just wasn't strategic to us. It was about -- it is about $170 million of annualized revenue and was struggling from a profitability standpoint. And we were -- we had a very, very small percentage of market share, and we competed with the big boys, who are more sophisticated and have a more robust product line for backhaul. Folks like Ericsson and Alcatel-Lucent, NEC, so it just didn't make sense. And it wasn't core to mission-critical communications. And as we configure our own designs and solutions for customers, sometimes we didn't even use our own product, and that should be also a clue in terms of its lack of strategic value. So it wasn't financially accretive nor was it consistent with what we talked about, about mission-critical communications. Shifting to Rhomobile, we acquired that small software company because with HTML5, it will lessen the dependence on people writing applications for one operating system or another. So today, people write for WIN mobile 7.5 or they write for Android 2.3 or they write for Windows-embedded handheld or they write for BlackBerry OS. And over time, this will be all abstracted, and you'll have one set of developers writing to a standard base, what I would call API, to HTML5. So it really is designed to expand the applications portfolio for developers and to our Government and Enterprise customers and allow us the latitude of offering devices that may have either Microsoft or Android, but do it in a way that attracts the ecosystem and developer community and provides ultimately our customers with the choices that they want. So that's -- that was the philosophy behind Rhomobile, which was an affordable all-cash-in tuck-in that we think was fundamentally key to our mobile computing business.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Overall portfolio.
Gregory Q. Brown: And on the overall portfolio, as we think about our current product portfolio, we do not see a gap that we would identify today based on the franchises where we play and the platforms where we lead. So we don't step back and say, "Boy, we really need to fill in X or Y." That said, we'll always be opportunistic in looking at opportunities that come forward. But I think we have a very strong set of products and solutions at this point in time.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: And in terms of geography, you feel also you're well exposed to all international markets you want to be exposed to? You don't see any gap there either?
Gregory Q. Brown: No, I don't. I think with 25,000 -- 1,700 feet on the street worldwide and 25,000 channel partners, we will always use distributors, VARs, independent software vendors and the mix of alternate distribution channels for us to reach and touch kind of all corners of the world. So I think as we continue to monitor and manage that mix, I think we'll be able to manage accordingly.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Look, Pierre, as you talked about, we will continue to look for opportunities. If there's ways for us to strengthen our presence in a particular region, that will definitely be a factor for looking to inorganically grow in a region where we might feel we can do better by going outside and acquiring.
Operator: We'll move next to the side of Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First, Greg, did you give the size of the businesses that you divested? This quarter, I know you talked about $165 million to $170 million annually, but I'm not sure if I missed the actual number this quarter. And given that it is generating losses, I'm assuming you didn't get that much cash for it, so I just wondered if you have that number in terms of what you received for it. I would love that. And my main question is on the Enterprise side. It continues to kind of be on a roll. Is wireless LAN a big play in the -- obviously, it did well, but can you give us some sense as to how well wireless LAN did and how large -- is that a growing piece of the business? Or is the entire business growing that same 13%? And equally, if you look at RFID, you didn't mention it this quarter, and it kind of comes and goes in conference calls in the past. Was that a growth piece of it? I'm just trying to get a sense as to what are the main drivers that have continued to keep Enterprise as strong, maybe from a product perspective, whether it's wireless LAN or whether it's the direction of the new scanners, or just trying to get a good sense of what really is driving Enterprise, and any way you can kind of break it apart into smaller pieces would be great.
Gregory Q. Brown: So what's driving Enterprise primarily, I would say the twin towers of growth are mobile computing and WLAN. Now, Ehud, that said, our advanced data capture business, while not very glamorous, is strong and steady, and it has density and materiality, so that continues to be a positive contributor as well. The divested businesses are $170 million annualized in Q3. They were about $40 million or $41 million, to dimensionalize what Canopy and Orthogon are in the Q3 results. By the way, we haven't closed that transaction yet, although we expect to do that shortly. WLAN is growing much faster than the 13% Enterprise rate overall. I think the industry is growing strong, but between our performance in the verticals, utilizing air defense -- and, by the way, we're positioning WLAN more kind of in the kernel of our services offering as well, reference Sears. So I think that -- and also because cellular networks, as you know, continue to strain under the explosion of data and video traffic. From a carrier standpoint, WLAN is very well-positioned, and you know what came out of the acquisition of the Symbol organization. RFID is -- we're still bullish on it and think that it will have significant opportunities going forward. I think it wasn't simply mentioned because it was a bit lumpy and there wasn't a significant reference or contract to mention in Q3, but that doesn't change our perspective that we think it's fundamentally key going forward.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. If I could have a follow-up, actually, there's just an earthquake in San Francisco, so you might actually get some more business out of that depending how the first responders have to take care of that.
Gregory Q. Brown: Wow, I didn't know that.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It literally just happened. But can you walk us through a little bit what's happening, just completely switching gears on the Government side, with Los Angeles and the LA-RICS project and kind of the puts and takes that happened over the last 6 months and kind of where you stand with that and how you see your odds are when they actually will choose a vendor for that and how you think you stack up?
Gregory Q. Brown: Well, LA-RICS put out a bid, as you know, and we competed for that bid. It came under review and ultimately was determined to be pulled back and rebid. We led with, of course, our solution along with Verizon, which is our anchor tenant partner on public safety LTE. Ehud, interestingly, the new bid has not been let yet. So we're very eager and prepared to respond. And whenever it comes out, whether it's later this month or, I guess, more likely looking like November, we'll be anxious to compete on it. I don't know, Mark, if you want to say anything more?
Mark F. Moon: No, I think you covered it very well, Greg. We expect the current -- the reissued, if you will, RFP to be done later this month. And we expect there to be competition, as we would normally expect in a bid of this size in North America. And obviously, the entities, both L.A. City, the independent cities in the county and the county, are strong customers of ours, so we intend to compete very hard for this business.
Operator: We move next to the side of Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: The backlog you stated, Greg, I think you first said it was Government, then you said it was combined Government and Enterprise. Can you just drill down into the Government and kind of what's happening with that backlog? I think, last quarter, you said it's been relatively flattish. Did that change materially?
Gregory Q. Brown: So backlog in aggregate is up slightly. So we don't talk about the individual segments of Government or Enterprise. So what I was describing was that overall backlog is up, which, quite frankly, we were pleased with, given the 10% earnings growth in Q3. I think it just reinforces what we have been saying about the mission-critical nature of public safety, and there's a lot of different drivers that continue to, both domestically and internationally, expand our position in this key segment.
Mark F. Moon: Specifically to your question, that slight growth in backlog was driven by the Government segment.
Tavis C. McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And when you have a quarter like this where, obviously, Government exceeded, I think, probably most of our expectations and probably yours as well, is that typically because the turns business within Government got better, or because you were able to basically recognize more of the backlog revenue than you would have thought 3 months ago?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: Yes, I think, it was actually a combination of a lot of things. But as you said, it was better than we even expected, because we were being a little cautious in some of the regions, given the headwinds that we were all facing. As a result, we were able to turn backlog. But we grew backlog, as you said. So new orders were also very, very strong. So I think the exciting thing about that, for us, in the Government space is that there was growth in every region, including EMEA, which we talked about previously as not showing growth, and North America continues to be very resilient and show very strong growth. So it was really a combination of all things coming together, as you said, in a better and possibly better-than-expected effort.
Operator: And our next question from the side of Larry Harris with CL King.
Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: I have a couple of questions related to LTE. I think you've indicated that your first release of LTE equipment will be available on November 11. I assume that you'll be shipping at that time or thereafter. When can we begin to see significant revenues related to LTE? And do you think it'll be greater initially, maybe in international markets like the Middle East or Brazil than the United States?
Mark F. Moon: So I think, as you said, we're excited about the initial release coming out the middle of next month, and we will begin shipping to customers at that time. As we've always alluded, really from a revenue-recognition perspective, we will see revenue in 2012, but we don't expect it to really become, as you said, in a significant kind of fashion or in a meaningful fashion until 2013. We expect initial revenues to be in North America, actually, but we're excited about the large opportunities in the Middle East and in Latin America and also in Asia. So I do think the LTE, we always said that it would begin in North America because of the good work that's been going on with the PSST and the D Block spectrum that's still being discussed, but it will move internationally as it goes forward.
Lawrence M. Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: It's really from a revenue point of view post 2012 in terms of significance.
Mark F. Moon: That's correct.
Operator: We move next to the side of Avi Silver with CLSA.
Avi Silver - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask just about -- can you talk a little bit about iDEN revenue in the quarter, the outlook there? And how do Sprint's plans alter your outlook, if at all, for the next couple of years?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I think, as we guided for Q4, if that's what you're talking about, we had planned for that iDEN revenue to decline in the fourth quarter, marginally in line with what we're seeing now with the outlook that we saw in the beginning of the year. So the iDEN decline overall for the year is a bit less than we expected and planned at the beginning of the year. And I'd say going forward, given that a lot of the revenue that we have today is related to services in support of the networks, we will see that business decline in '12 and '13, but we expect the decline to be relatively consistent with this year and/or trail in the subsequent years.
Avi Silver - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And the other thing I wanted to ask about it is the MC17, which seems to be a really interesting product and has some, I think you called out Europe last quarter. Just curious how that's doing in Asia and the U.S. and what are you seeing in terms of update -- of uptake. And how big is this today as a percentage of the Enterprise revenue? And how could -- how big could this become going forward with broader adoption?
Mark F. Moon: So as we've indicated, and as you indicated, the MC17 has had the strongest success in Europe, and it continues to do so. But it is within customer deployments in all regions. We have a number of customers leveraging in the U.S. and some in Asia, and we continue to look at, as we've previously talked about, what is the right product or variation of this product as we think about markets like Asia and Latin America. So we're excited about this project -- product, but, again, we're excited about our entire mobile computing portfolio. So I think we continue to innovate and we continue to see good uptake throughout the world.
Operator: And our next question from the side of Steve Tusa [ph] with JPMorgan.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Drew Pierson in for Steve this morning. Color on the 4Q guidance, did you guys talk about kind of expectations by segment, which segment might be directionally above or below that 2% to 3% for the 4Q?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: We've not talked by segment the growth. We've just given the aggregate number for the quarter, that's the 2% to 3%. And backing up the impact of iDEN, approximately 5% growth. But we do expect to see growth in both businesses. We'll give you that level of color. I'll let Mark -- pass it to Mark for more color.
Mark F. Moon: Yes, I think Ed reiterated earlier this is in line with the guidance we gave previously and what our expectations were. So excluding iDEN business, if we think about the original guidance that we've always given around Government segment performing in the low to mid-single-digits and the Enterprise business performing in the mid- to upper single-digits, that's really the expectation that we see and how the buildup of that 2% to 3%. Then the iDEN decline is what brings it back to those kind of levels. So again, the earlier question about the strength of Enterprise and how we see it continuing, it's still, even in the fourth quarter, coming off of a strong comparable operating at normal rates.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: That's right, Drew. And if you look at last year, about 14% growth in Q4 of last year, that's what we were referring to.
Drew Pierson - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Sure. Okay, that's helpful detail. I appreciate it. And then it looks like your 16.5% margin guidance is unchanged. You've divested what looks to be a money-losing business. You've -- maybe a little more iDEN in there, which is accretive to the margins. Is there any reason that's unchanged, or is it just kind of the moving pieces aren't enough to move the margin guidance higher?
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: I really think it's the latter, a bit higher expenses on the higher sales and just mix of product. Just that I'll call out as well the impact of the business that was divested was actually -- profits was actually about $0.02 per share, which is effectively offset by the impact of the share repurchase that was a favorable $0.02 per share, so...
Operator: We'll go next to the side of Jeff Kvaal with Barclays Capital.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have a question and a clarification. I think first on the clarification, just to be clear, the fourth quarter guidance that you are giving, is that the basis excluding the Canopy business?
Gregory Q. Brown: That's correct, continuing operations.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: That's going to help the numbers. Works a little bit better than they have been in the model. And then, Greg, for you, I was wondering could you talk to us a little bit about what the market and competitive position looks like for you in the Government business outside the U.S.? That seems to be a bit of a theme for you over the course of the last few quarters. If you could spend a little bit more time going into that and what are your share opportunities are, that would be super.
Gregory Q. Brown: I think we're very well-positioned internationally. As we talked about, we grew double-digits outside of North America in all 3 regions. I think it's a combination of our -- to an earlier point on this call, the reach and capacity of 25,000 indirect channels, which largely drive the Enterprise business, and our embedded and incumbent position and strong sales force in different theaters on the Government side. Overall, too, I think that there's just a variety of different demand drivers in different parts of the world. And as Mark Moon mentioned earlier, in the LTE environment, the U.S, interestingly, North America, will lead it first, with the Middle East following shortly thereafter. So when we talk about the public safety LTE business, which is incremental to the business that we have at the moment, it will largely be led first in the U.S, then the Middle East. And over time, it will take Europe and Latin America to get their spectrum position in place, but those are areas that will provide even further growth opportunities. So I think we're in a good position, but we can always do better, and we'll always do more.
Jeffrey T. Kvaal - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about what your shares are relative to where they are in the U.S. and then which of it -- the competitive landscape?
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, we don't get into product market share per platform, but it's fair to say -- well, first of all, we lead in TETRA worldwide. But we don't have the kind of market share in TETRA that we have in P25. In mobile computing, our leading market share position is a little bit more consistent in North America as compared to other international theaters, but we don't dimensionalize it beyond the aggregate.
Operator: Moving next to the side of Jeff Fidacaro with Susquehanna.
Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I was wondering if we can just get a little bit more color on the outlook on the Government side, particularly where budgets kind of stand, your visibility at this point in time and any change into the -- in the sales cycles. And ultimately, could we see this government piece sort of uptick in revenue growth in 2012 versus '11?
Mark F. Moon: Yes, so I think Greg's talked on a number of occasions about the -- the good thing about the Government business is we have relatively good visibility. Many of these deals are long-term kind of acquisitions, and you do get deals that build backlog, so we continue to have good visibility. As I mentioned previously, our orders in the quarter for Government segment were up, so we continued to see good performance in that particular piece. So all in all, as we look forward, we certainly are keeping our eyes open to the economic situations around the world, but we continue to feel that the current visibility is similar to what we've seen in the past, and we really don't see any structural changes to our view of the Government business as we look into 2012.
Gregory Q. Brown: And when you take kind of a step back, all-in, because the guidance is important, remember, number one, the wireless broadband business is out -- is pulled out in Q4. Secondly, our 2% to 3% top line, which incorporates that, also kind of maps to more approximately 5% growth if you extract iDEN. We're coming off a 14% year-over-year comp from Q4 of last year, and backlog is up slightly. So as you take things in composite, that should give you a full flavor of how we're doing. And recall also that we've raised full year outlook to approximately 7%, all in, for this year in 2011. So those are the puts and takes and why we feel reasonably good about where our current position is.
Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. If I could just have one quick follow-up, just if you give some color of a breakdown between international visibility versus U.S.
Mark F. Moon: I think it's relatively similar. I mean, if we look at percentage of backlog versus revenue, it's not dissimilar in North America versus the international markets. So again, while the portfolio may be somewhat different and sometimes the buying cycles are different, they've been pretty consistent and still remain fairly consistent in the position of backlog versus quick-term business versus new orders that we need to convert.
Operator: To the side of Peter Misek with Jefferies. [Operator instructions]
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: As we go forward for LTE and for other network deployments, should we think that working capital usage is going to go up or down? We had good free cash flow this quarter, so kind of love to get your puts and takes on free cash flow for next year.
Gregory Q. Brown: Yes, I think as we look forward, some of that still remains to be seen as the deployments are really just getting started. But I would say I wouldn't see any appreciable change in the way that we're managing the working capital levels and the related cash flow impacts.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So we don't think -- you don't think we need a bigger investment as we see the growth accelerate, and we should be modeling similar working capital trends that we saw this quarter?
Gregory Q. Brown: I think for now that's what I would assume. As we get into these, we will give you updates if we think that it's either more or less capital-intensive. As I look at it, as there are build-outs, it's possible there could be a bit more capital required to roll some of these things out. But we're not seeing that just yet, so we'll update you as appropriate going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to the site of Matt Thornton with Avian Securities.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have answered, but maybe a couple, like, general ones. I guess, Greg, just on a competitive landscape, can you talk a little bit about any change that you've seen in behavior in pricing, new entrants, new aggressors? And then secondly, more of a housekeeping question, can you give us a quick breakdown as to where we stand regionally in the Government business and the Enterprise business? Again, just a rough estimate about the revenue mix by business.
Gregory Q. Brown: In answer to the first question, no meaningful changes on the competitive landscape. And you know, we consistently compete with in public safety North America on the systems side. It's usually Harris. Occasionally we'll compete against a systems integrator in North America as well. On the professional and commercial radio business, where we continue to lead worldwide and have performed extremely well from a share perspective and a financial perspective, no significant changes. WLAN, same thing. Whether it's Cisco or Aruba, I don't think there's any material changes, so we continue to move forward. And as a result of that, we also don't see, at this point, any significant swings or changes in competitive pricing as well. Now obviously, bids are always competitive, and when you get to these large tenders, price is very, very important. But I wouldn't say -- I'd say that's been very consistent over the last few years for us as we compete with large deals, and that says we have to come up with the best product solution with the highest quality and continually drive costs out of this business, so we remain competitive and win. And that's our intention to do it. I think on the growth by region color, I think -- as we mentioned, growth at every business -- in both businesses, I should say, Government and Enterprise, and then growth in every region in every business for the quarter, which I think is positive, I guess a little more color we could tell you, a bit more robust growth outside of North America across the board and the Government business in EMEA now coming to a point where we're talking about growth, a bit more modest, but getting back to growth, as Mark had mentioned. So that's the color we'll provide there.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from the side of Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: When we look kind of long term about the LTE announcements and opportunity there, is it fair to say that these products and service offerings there are comparable to your existing product profitabilities? Or is there additional complexity added into the LTE initiatives that actually allow you to take your profitability up onto a little bit of a higher profitable level? And then I probably have a follow-up.
Gregory Q. Brown: So I think the way to think about it, Jim, is, and this was referenced a few different times, we have to continue to grow this business on top line. We're well-positioned from an operating leverage standpoint, which means it would be our goal to continue to drive operating margin expansion, and somebody mentioned the 16% to 18% framework that we have talked about and we talked about as part of our model, and there's no reason that we can't see at this point why we shouldn't be able to continue to expand operating margins. But we also recognize that there'll be a different mix of products and services. But we believe we should be able to manage that mix, all in, and therefore drive improve operating cash flow and free cash flow as well as continue to increase and drive earnings per share and operating earnings. And that's how we are approaching this moving forward. Now all in, we still believe that, organically, our long-term growth model for this business is 5% to 8%. And obviously, you've seen us do that throughout this year, year-to-date. Again, for the full year of '11, we think we'll be able to grow the firm approximately 7%. And we'll give you color in 2012 about that year in the January earnings call. But the demand drivers are very strong. We believe in the long-term model, and we should be able to continue to grow earnings and cash. And that's our intention as a management team.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Follow-up is for your calendar Q4 outlook, am I correct that assumes the debt retirement already built into that? And then what would be the share count base that we should use? It's a little difficult to know the linearity of the stock buyback.
Gregory Q. Brown: So we will retire the $600 million of debt on November 1. I think coming out of Q3, the diluted share count is 339 million. We wouldn't forecast a share count going forward, given the puts and takes, but it was 339 million coming out of Q3. And again, given the share repurchase of $744 million, we bought back 5% of the market cap of the firm at a price of $40.38. So we'll continue to look at all those things carefully.
Edward J. Fitzpatrick: And the guidance we gave you for Q4 assume the Q3 ending, so just to make sure you know we're consistent.
Operator: I'll turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: Okay. I would like to remind everyone the details outlining highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our motorolasolutions.com Investor Relations site. An audio replay together with a copy of today's slides will also be available on this site shortly after the conclusion of this call.  During this call, we made a number of forward-looking statements with the meaning of applicable federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed will be achieved.  Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent dates. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: future sales growth, including segment region; earnings per share guidance; future tax rates and cash tax rates; expectations for operating expenses; operating earnings; the amount of other income and expense as well as operating margins and profitability; expected cash generation and needs for working capital; expected improvements in operating leverage; demand trends from Motorola Solutions businesses and products, including wireless LAN, RFID, LTE and our MC17 device; our expected decline in iDEN and the timing and ability to repurchase shares under the share repurchases program; or our ability to pay future dividends; along with the competitive landscape, including pricing. Thanks, and we look forward to speaking with all of you again shortly.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Gregory Brown - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of Executive Committee Shep Dunlap -  Edward Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Moon - Senior Vice President of Sales & Field Operations
Analysts: Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc. Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions' Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions' Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to our conference call to present Motorola Solutions' second quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Motorola Solutions; Ed Fitzpatrick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Moon, Executive Vice President, Sales and Field Operations. Greg and Ed will review our second quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. We have posted an accompanying earnings presentation and press release in motorolasolutions.com/investor, and I encourage you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Shep, and good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased with our second quarter results as we delivered strong revenue growth with increased profitability. Highlights for the quarter included better-than-expected Enterprise growth across major product lines, solid performance in our Government business, continued operating leverage and numerous examples that illustrate our ability to deliver solutions to our customers to help them be their best in the moments that matter. This morning, Motorola Solutions reported sales in the second quarter of $2.1 billion, an increase of 6% from Q2 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $0.17 per share from continuing operations compared to $0.01 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations were $0.57 per share compared to $0.37 per share in Q2, a 54% increase. Our Government segment posted sales growth of 4% as our public safety customers continue to choose our solutions to help them achieve their mission-critical needs. We also saw improved operating earnings, excluding highlighted items in this segment versus the year-ago quarter. In our Enterprise segment, operating earnings also improved and sales increased 11% from the year-ago quarter, marking another quarter of excellent growth across enterprise mobile computing, advanced data capture and our wireless LAN businesses.  Last quarter, we indicated that we would provide greater clarity on capital allocation within 90 days. This morning, we made 2 very important announcements along these lines. First, I'm pleased to share with you that the Board of Directors has approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 a share, with the first dividend payable October 14 to shareholders of record on September 15. Second, our board has approved the share repurchase program of $2 billion through the end of 2012. These announcements reflect the confidence we have in both our strategy and growth opportunities, while providing a meaningful return of capital to our shareholders. As announced yesterday, I'm also delighted to welcome Ken Dahlberg to our Board of Directors. Ken was formerly Chairman and CEO of SAIC, a $10 billion engineering and technology applications company. He has leadership experience working with government and enterprise customers while at SAIC, as well as a number of other senior executive roles in a few other Fortune 200 companies. We look forward to the addition of Ken and the wealth of knowledge and business expertise that he brings to the table.  I'll now turn it over to Ed Fitzpatrick to discuss our financial results, as well as additional perspective on capital allocation. I'll then return to discuss the operational highlights and provide additional perspective on our business.
Edward Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Sales for the quarter grew 6% year-over-year, driven by strong demand in Enterprise, continued growth in Government and better-than-expected growth in EMEA and Asia Pacific. Revenue growth continued in our Government business with second quarter sales of $1.3 billion, an increase of 4% from the prior year. The Enterprise business delivered another excellent quarter, as its sales grew 11% to $747 million driven by very positive demand in EMEA, as well as strength in our Asia region. On a GAAP basis, earnings from continuing operations, net of taxes, were $58 million and EPS was $0.17 per share. These GAAP results include the impact of a net charge for legal matters for $48 million or $0.08 per share and costs associated with the retirement of $540 million of debt and a quarter-end expense of $81 million or $0.14 per share. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.57 per share compared to $0.37 per share a year ago. For the rest of this call, we refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Operating expenses of 35.5% represent a 110 basis point decline from the year-ago quarter. We also achieved our previously stated target of removing separation-related G&A overhang costs to the first half of this year. With our increased sales growth outlook for the full year, we expect operating expenses in the second half to be consistent with our Q2 run rate, which reflects an improvement on a percentage of sales basis as we become more efficient, continue to drive operating leverage. Our operating earnings for the second quarter were $315 million or 15.3% of sales compared to $267 million or 13.8% in Q2 2010. This 18% increase in operating earnings on 6% sales growth was driven by increased sales and gross margin, while holding operating expenses in check. We're extremely pleased with this demonstrated leverage as operating earnings grew at 3x revenue this quarter.  Total other income expense for the net expense of $16 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $63 million in Q2 2010. The year-over-year difference is related to interest expense, debt retirement costs, investment impairments and the impact of foreign currency.  Interest income was relatively flat to last year, although it benefited this quarter from certain onetime gains. After adjusting for the $540 million debt retirement, we expect this Other Income and Expense line to be a net expense of approximately $20 million to $30 million in future quarters.  Our effective tax rate was 33.8% for the quarter and we now expect a tax rate for the full year in the range of 34% to 36%. However, as we shared with you before, our average cash tax rate is expected to be roughly 20% for the next 7 years as we utilize available tax credits. Cash flow from operations was $102 million this quarter, which was in line with our expectations. Historically, Q2 cash flow was impacted by annual incentive payouts. On a year-to-date basis, cash flow has improved significantly compared to last year, and we expect strong cash flow generation for the remainder of the year. From a working capital perspective, accounts receivable days were comparable with Q1. Inventory turns improved sequentially from 7.2x to 7.8, which is attributable to higher seasonal sales in Q2 and improved inventory management. Working capital management will remain a priority for us as we expect to continue to drive improvement in this area over time.  We ended the quarter with $6.7 billion in cash and investments and $2.2 billion in debt. Our cash balance is now 47% in the U.S. compared to 35% at the end of Q1. This improvement was driven by repatriation activities, as well as the composition of proceeds from the sale of the Networks business, partially offset by the $650 million used to retire debt.  Turning now to our Q3 outlook. We expect sales growth of 7% to 8% over the third quarter 2010. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.56 to $0.61 from continuing operations. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q3 2010 of $0.55 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes stock-based compensation and intangible amortization expenses of approximately $0.17 per share and items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases.  The company now expects full year revenue growth of 5.5% to 6%, an increase from our previous outlook of 4.5% to 5%. In addition, we expect operating earnings of approximately 16.5%, which is the high end of our previous range of 16% to 16.5%.  Now I'd like the spend a moment on our announcements this morning regarding capital return and provide a long-term framework around our plans for capital allocation. We have shared with you there have been a clear set of priorities and milestones that will enable us to reach this point. In the first 6 months post-separation, we have successfully accomplished a number of important goals. Among these were the successful sale of the Networks business, securing a solid investment-grade rating at all 3 rating agencies, bringing down our adjusted leverage, further demonstrated this quarter through retiring $540 million of debt and repatriating approximately $1 billion year-to-date of foreign cash to provide additional U.S. liquidity. With that as background, I would now like to discuss the capital return announcement that Greg referenced earlier. Today, we announced a quarterly cash dividend of $0.22 per share, payable beginning in October. We also announced that our board has authorized the share repurchase program of $2 billion through the end of 2012.  Now turning to our long-term capital allocation framework. We think about capital allocations in terms of ongoing cash flow generation and capital requirements to support our current and future business needs. As you could see on Slide 11, we believe it is appropriate to balance capital expenditures that support organic growth, dividends that deliver recurring capital returns and share repurchases while maintaining strategic flexibility. It's important that you know that capital allocation remains front and center of an area focus for us going forward.  I'll now turn the call over to Greg to discuss segment and business highlights for the quarter.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Ed. In Government, our sales for the quarter were $1.3 billion, up 4% over Q2 2010. Growth was solid in the Americas and strong in Asia. Profitability for this segment also improved with operating earnings representing 13.3% of sales this quarter compared to 12.5% in Q2 of last year. This increase in operating earnings was driven by higher gross margins and our ability to grow revenues faster than operating costs. Our continued growth in Government demonstrates that public safety and mission critical communications remain a priority. In ASTRO, our market-leading P25 platform, notable wins during the quarter included the city of Fort Worth for $39 million and Bucks County, Pennsylvania for $37 million. We were also awarded a contract with the Israeli National Police for $34 million and a multi-million dollar contract with several agencies of the U.S. Department of Justice. This past quarter, we demonstrated our leadership in TETRA at the TETRA World Congress held in Budapest, Hungary. We showcased our comprehensive TETRA portfolio, including mission critical radios, intrinsically safe devices for hazardous environments and covert radios for surveillance operations. We also celebrated reaching a milestone of 1.5 million TETRA radios shipped, and our Dimetra IP 7.1 infrastructure with companion mobile radios was the first to earn a certificate for interoperability on TETRA Enhanced Data Services, which is the mobile data standard that can be deployed in wide-area mission critical environments.  During the quarter, we were awarded multi-million dollar TETRA contracts for the state of Lower Saxony, Germany and Shenzhen police in support of the World University Games to be held in August. Another factor that contributes to our Government sales growth is that our solutions enable greater efficiency and return on investment for public safety agencies. And our solutions extend beyond voice communications. For example, our video solutions provide greater situational awareness and enable first responders to react with greater information. In Freeport, Texas, the police department is installing video surveillance cameras with Motorola Solutions and ADT Security. We expanded our service relationship with the city of Chicago to include network management solutions and video management with wireless components and cameras at the edge of the network. These projects demonstrate how technology is used to help police become more efficient at a time when they're facing tighter budgets. We talked about our leadership in mission critical voice, although another important offering in our portfolio is integrated command and control, which includes software that automates tasks like dispatching and records management. During the quarter, we announced new releases for our PremierOne software applications. Newly available on a Microsoft platform, this next generation system help cities and counties reduce their total IT administrative costs for record management. The Sheriff's Office in Palm Beach, Florida, chose the new PremierOne solution for computer-aided dispatch and records management. Motorola Solutions was selected based on its strength to deliver an integrated solution based on industry standard technology that will enhance information flow, improve response times and increase responder and citizens' safety.  We continue to invest in public safety LTE, and I'm very pleased to announce that we received an award for $56 million of an LTE broadband data system for the Mississippi Wireless Communications Commission. In addition, this past quarter, we demonstrated our next generation public safety platform including public safety LTE at The Philadelphia Police Academy with representatives from the public safety community in the region. Attendees experienced the latest technology advancements in public safety LTE, including dynamic prioritization and intelligent mobile video streaming real time, operating in the Public Safety Spectrum Trust's 700MHz band. We also continue to drive innovation in Government. An example is the APX 7000XE P25 radio, which recently won gold at the Industrial Society of America's 2011 International Design Excellence Awards. Developed using feedback from firefighters from Miami to Malaysia, this radio features an enhanced control top for gloved hands, noise reduction software and a large display for at-a-glanced viewing and multi-band interoperability for better multi-agency collaboration. Moving to our Enterprise segment. Sales in the Enterprise were $747 million, an increase of 11% from Q2 of 2010, driven by robust demand for solutions in EMEA and strength in Asia. Operating earnings expanded to 18.9% of sales, up from 16.2% last year. Demand in the transportation and logistics vertical remain strong with couriers and logistics operators continuing to invest in technology for productivity improvements. For example, our longtime customer UPS recently awarded us a new contract for wearable terminals that provide advanced hands-free mobile computing.  Demand remains strong for our retail solutions across all regions, especially EMEA. One example of a mobile computing solution for retailers are MC17, which enables self-service for customers to scan items while they shop, reduce checkout lines and provides consumers with a personalized shopping experience with targeted promotions that are unique to each shopper.  Another example is Macy's recent deployment of MC3190-Z as a part of a continued company-wide upgrade of mobile computing technology. We also won major contracts in mobile computing with a leading Russian retailer, a major supermarket in the Netherlands and 2 major retailers in France. And finally, our ruggedized handheld-computer portfolio was recognized by the Gartner Group with its only Strong Positive rating, which distinguishes us as a provider of strategic products, services and solutions. Turning now to a total regional view for the company. North America sales grew low-single digits and EMEA posted double-digit growth, driven primarily by continued strength in the Enterprise. Asia continues to grow solid double digits across Enterprise and Government. A single-digit decline in Latin America was attributable to the iDEN decline that we anticipated. However, the core Enterprise and Government businesses in Latin America continue to grow.  In evaluating our future growth prospects, we believe a strategic growth opportunity is expanding our services model around our core Enterprise and Government solutions. Today, we generate significant revenues from systems integration and support services with pockets of excellence in professional and advanced services. So this quarter, we announced the formation of a global services organization to focus our various services business and align groups across all regions. The goal of this organization is to bring a global repeatable approach to our services delivery and accelerate growth, increase customer intimacy and further differentiate us from the competition. Several natural disasters in the U.S. this past quarter provided examples of where our solutions are critical during moments that matter. In the southern and midwestern U.S., hundreds of tornadoes and strong storms swept through the area. Motorola Solutions deployed teams to the affected areas to aid customers who are in need. We delivered additional radios, systems on wheels and backup generators to assist with communications and recovery efforts. The deadly tornado in Joplin was one of the worst recorded in the United States. The primary mission critical communications system in Joplin, which was supplied by us, stayed online and was available to support rescue operations. We also provided additional radio equipment to support the more than 1,500 first responders from 4 different states that converged on the scene for disaster recovery assistance.  During the Texas wildfires, numerous fire departments deployed 8 mobile command systems with Motorola Solutions equipment and MOTOBRIDGE software which enabled various jurisdictions on different frequencies to communicate with each other on-site. Additionally, the Motorola Solutions Foundation and our employees donated over $85,000 to the Red Cross to help thousands of citizens impacted by these disasters.  In closing, our Q2 results demonstrated another solid quarter of growth and improved profitability. I'm also pleased that we announced our next step along the way to return capital to shareholders and look forward to continued growth and innovation as we provide solutions to our Government and Enterprise customers.
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. Before we begin taking questions, we want to remind callers to limit themselves to one question and one follow-up so that we can accommodate as many participants as possible.  Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Craig Hettenbach with Goldman Sachs.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Greg, you mentioned in the Government space solid growth in North America. Any specific programs or business activity that's helping you to continue to grow despite what remains a challenging backdrop for public spending?
Gregory Brown: Nothing specific, Craig. I think it's just a general continued prioritization of mission critical public safety even in the U.S., where there's headwinds and environmentally from an overall Government standpoint. But as our customers look at the return on investment and the utilization of technology, which could be beyond traditional radios to use as a workforce multiplier to make first responders more productive, we continue to get the nod and we're pleased with that.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And any change in visibility in that space?
Gregory Brown: I think it's pretty consistent, and our backlog sequentially is approximately flat. So between our performance and our visibility on backlog, that has factored into the guidance we've given in Q3 and for the full year.
Craig Hettenbach - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then as my follow-up in the Enterprise, you noted strong growth in EMEA. Most of the tech companies we're seeing struggle a bit with growth in that region. So any color you can provide there in terms of some of the growth drivers?
Gregory Brown: Again, I think it revolves around what we do is pretty unique with mobile computing and scanning and barcoding. So retailers, transportation, logistics are using it for productivity gains. So as they look to be more efficient and productive, they're looking to deploy our technology or expand it or upgrade it, and we're very pleased. It's exceeded my expectations, the performance on the Enterprise for the past several quarters and we continue to see those trends.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Greg, I wonder if you could comment on the backlog in the Government business, was that up or down? And then also you mentioned another win for private LTE, I think you said Mississippi this quarter. And what I'm wondering is to what degree are these early contract wins, these customers betting on future federal reimbursement, or is this coming out of kind of the existing public safety budget that they have already?
Gregory Brown: So backlog was generally flat sequentially. And in terms of the public safety LTE awards, they are using the existing available what's called BTOP grants, so in San Francisco BayRICS, in Harris County and now with the state of Mississippi, those are existing grants that have been filed for and extended, and they're taking advantage of those available funds to pursue the buildout of LTE and we just -- we're pleased with announcing the Mississippi win in terms of an award just in the past week or 2.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a follow-up on that. Are those existing grants that are available for all municipalities?
Gregory Brown: Well, there's a BTOP grant process, so individual municipalities and states have to file for it and there's pending applications. I think it's public information. So If you looked under BTOP, you would see I believe what's been filed for and what's pending. So that's what we're selling into right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Fidacaro with Susquehanna.
Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Great. Just as a follow-up on the LTE, Greg, can you talk a little bit about the pipeline you've seen in the past. You talked about it being about $1 billion based on these BTOP awards and some visibility. Can you talk about the change there and any updates?
Gregory Brown: So the funnel remains $1 billion, actually it's grown a little bit. It's more than $1 billion. And it's not just BTOP grants in the U.S. It's -- we look at the funnel for public safety LTE and we're working on things in the United States. But quite frankly, there's significant opportunity in the Gulf States and the Middle East region, and when you aggregate the collective opportunities in both those areas, we exceed $1 billion of life cycle opportunity that we're still working and responding to.
Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And maybe just an update on the timing of -- you're seeing sort of a significant ramp in that funnel. Is it still later 2012?
Gregory Brown: Yes. I think it's late 2012 and more revenue materiality actually in 2013. But we continue to work the opportunities and we feel pretty good about the opportunity that's in front of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions. First of all, just a clarification, if you can give us a sense. I'm assuming iDEN was down, you made that comment Greg that Latin America iDEN was down. Just want to make sure that iDEN was down.
Gregory Brown: Yes, iDEN was down.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay. In the guidance you've given for Q3 and clearly Q2, a lot of the strength came out of the Enterprise side and it sounds like EMEA with that particular courier vertical you're talking about. When you look at your Q3 guidance, which is about $100 million higher than what the Street had, are you seeing the same strength in Enterprise or is that a mix of Enterprise and Government? And what are the drivers that lead you to, I'm assuming there's some Government in there because it's a nice, hefty number. And then flowing that through to Q4, the implication of the full year guidance is that Q4 is pretty much in line with kind of what the Street had, and I'm wondering if that was just kind of leading some extra -- some dry gunpowder? Or given the strength of Q3, and again if you can give us a little bit color of the composition, why not move a little Q4? And of course, I have a follow-up.
Gregory Brown: So our guidance -- I'll take the middle one first. Our guidance actually, Ehud, represents strength in both. Expected strength in both Government and Enterprise. iDEN was down a double-digit decline, which was expected and we signaled, so there wasn't a surprise there. In terms of the Q3 guidance of 7% to 8%, it's a reflection of what we expect to be pretty good growth in both segments. And for the full year, we guided to 16.5% operating margin. And as you can see, 5.5% to 6% all in for the full year. I take your point on Q4, but there's nothing more to comment on other than it's a byproduct of the residual left after we do Q3, and we'll continue to update you along the way.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Do you have visibility beyond one quarter? Or is that you just don't necessarily -- you will get there, you will have better visibility. Right now, you don't necessarily know because the trajectory of Q2 and Q3 would suggest that Q4 should be up as well.
Gregory Brown: No, I think we do have pretty good visibility, primarily referenced by the consistency and backlog. And when you think about the longer sales cycle of what we do, there's a pretty high predictability forward-looking. Now remember, as Mark Moon has talked about and Ed as well, we come into a quarter probably having to sell approximately and ship 20% to close out to be successful in that quarter, so the visibility of approximately 80% is strong, but all those ingredients are incorporated into what we're guiding.
Edward Fitzpatrick: And so, Ehud, just to add to what Greg had said, obviously the growth is higher than what we had in prior quarters and we said it is in both. And I'd say probably more so -- if you look at improvement and where the growth is coming from, I'd say it's more Government than Enterprise. Enterprise growth is staying strong. I'd say the Government growth is a bit better than we had in prior quarters. And then on the --I think Greg covered the forward-looking, which is fine.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Great. Can I squeeze one thing in about the dividend or should I...
Gregory Brown: Sure, go ahead. You're on a roll.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay. The $0.22 dividend, given your cash flow you can afford more. I understand wanting to have a cash balance that might be higher than other people would like because you want to be able to fund things and have cash on hand. But as far as ongoing, you've got $1.5 billion in EBITDA, your free cash flow before -- your operating cash flow before CapEx is $900 million to $1 billion a year. You can afford more than $0.96 a year. And why did you stop there?
Gregory Brown: I'd say, Ehud, the way we look at it -- and that's one of the reasons we did a combination of things here, both the dividend and the share repurchase. The share purchase addresses more of the, a, the cash on hand and returning that to shareholders that we think is appropriate. The dividend, we look at really more as an ongoing item and look at that more as part of our ongoing cash flow, how do we think about allocating that. If you looked at the Slide 11 on the presentation that we went through, we gave you a better framework for how we're thinking about that as a percentage of the total going forward. And something in that range, 1/3 or just less than 1/3 of our cash flow. In a go-forward basis, it makes a lot of sense to us and really lines us up, I'd say, with some other financial peers that we're looking at in the industry. It seems about right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Kvaal with Barclays Capital. [Technical Difficulty] Jeff, we are unable to hear you at this time. Our next question comes from Jim Suva with Citi Investment Research.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: When we look at the operating margins of 16.5%, can you let us know, have all the overhang cost reductions already been fully utilized? I mean, those from the spinout and the breakup of Motorola Mobility and Motorola Solutions. Or there's still a little bit more to come? And one would think that actually with higher sales and the way that things are progressing that actually 16.5% to be honest may be conservative. Can you just kind of comment around what's going on there and should we actually expect to see some expansion as time progresses on that?
Gregory Brown: So on the overhang cost, I mentioned on the call that we did execute what we planned to do for the cost overhang and removing that. There's some of that still based on timing we'll not fully realize this year and some of that will come in the next year, but we feel pretty good about executing what we thought we were going to on removing those costs. So the full year impact that we talked about approximately $150 million or so taken on the full year run rate, we feel pretty good about that. So the second part of the question, could you repeat the second part?
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Yes, just going forward, I mean, it seems like linearity of this quarter just reported wouldn't have a full quarter impact of those cost removals or the benefit. And so it seems like maybe your operating margins of 16.5% -- what I'm really getting to is, it seems like there's actually more room for expansion there. Can you just comment on that?
Edward Fitzpatrick: No, I'd say, we'd factored that in, we factored in the full year impact of the savings and the impact of the second half and the guidance we've given you reflects that. I think taking the operating earnings up from 16% to 16.5% to the 16.5%, the high end of that range reflects those savings of getting fully baked in. So I feel pretty good about that. And as we said, the full year impact as we move forward, we've talked about a range of 16% to 18% on operating earnings, we believe that the cost reductions we've taken this year will help us to continue to improve the operating earnings as we get into 2012 and beyond.
Gregory Brown: Yes, and Jim, I would just draw your attention to the fact that we are clearly demonstrating operating leverage in total but also in both the Government and Enterprise segments. Operating expenses of 35.5% represent a 110 basis point decline from Q2 of 2010. And you should think about OpEx dollars in the second half of this year that will be consistent with the Q2 run rate. So as a percentage, below gross margin, as a percentage of costs, they will continue to improve and we'll continue to drive leverage. But 16.5% is what you should think about would be appropriate all in on the operating margin for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Larry Harris with CL King & Associates.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: I saw that the Enterprise business, I believe, is developing an Android-based device and I was wondering if you could discuss the strategy why you're doing Android. Is it demand from customers? And could we expect eventually an equal number of Android in Windows-based devices?
Gregory Brown: So, Larry, today, we're 100% Microsoft on Windows Embedded Handheld operating system, and Microsoft remains clearly our anchor tenant strategic partner. I think it's timing that as we look to provide a ruggedized specific tablet in the industrial applications that we sell into, whatever vertical it may be, a version of Android will provide a little bit greater functionality than its side-by-side competitor with Windows Embedded Handheld. You should not interpret because we anticipate having one Android tablet that we're going to move from Microsoft to Google. Instead, it's really a representation of the timing and the available software applications that can be extended into form factors that we need for industrial application. Over time, I think that we've spent a lot of time very closely with Microsoft and I would expect it to maintain a very close strategic relationship with them. We probably offer both, but make no mistake we're still very, very dependent on Microsoft.
Lawrence Harris - CL King & Associates, Inc.: Understood. And a question on the D Block I guess there's an objective of getting some legislation through Congress by mid-September. Obviously, they've got a lot on their plate right now. If it were to be delayed, would it have an impact on the results for next year?
Gregory Brown: So I remain pretty confident that additional spectrum will be made available for public safety. You're right, there's a lot of moving parts. Washington is an interesting environment right now. But we'll have to see what comes out of there, specifically in terms of legislation and/or timing. I wouldn't speculate on that beyond that. Remember there's about 20-plus waivers in the 700MHz band for the PSST where we're working and there's existing BTOP grants per an earlier question that we continue to sell into. So I still believe at the end of the day in one form or another, additional spectrum will be extended to public safety sometime over the next several months, and we'll see how it goes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Misek with Jefferies & Company.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a question regarding competitive dynamics. When we spoke to a bunch of municipalities and states, we noticed that there seemed to have been a rise in competitive dynamics, particularly in the radio and government side. Can you please walk us through how you think that's impacting your business pricing? And why do you lose if you do lose a large city or municipality?
Gregory Brown: So I think the -- my view, and I'll let Mark Moon comment on it, I think the competitive dynamics for our business have remained relatively constant. We continue to work small, mid and large deals. If we lose a deal, there can be a variety of different reasons why. Some of these large tenders are complex, they have a prime contractor, a subcontractor. There's sometimes a substantial amount of nonpublic safety radio content or public safety equipment which, with other cost of goods components and respective margins, have to be balanced. But I wouldn't suggest that there's a significant change in the competitive dynamics of our business over the last few quarters.
Mark Moon: Yes, Greg, I would completely agree with that. I think when we think about the breadth of our portfolio, the competitors are very different when we're talking about Enterprise and Government and we're talking about regionally specific competitors. But really the only change that we've seen, as Greg just kind of alluded to, would be on the mega projects or the large projects. And entrants a little more of systems integrators, other kinds of folks that are trying to offer a number of third parties as part of their solution. But again, to the point to date, that has also happened in the past and we continue to compete that way. We continue to compete very effectively. And I think when we look at our ASPs and other things, they continue to hold very, very steady. So we don't really see -- I mean, obviously, we're going to always watch for competition, but I don't see a change in dynamics around that environment.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: If I could offer or ask one quick follow-up. Just in terms of China, I guess, struggle to see how to frame that opportunity or how to think of the runway there. Is that a market where you can go to market independently? Do you have to partner? And how should we sort of frame the Chinese opportunity? Obviously, a huge opportunity, a lot of folks on public safety recently. I would think that would a huge fertile ground for you.
Mark Moon: Fortunately, for the Motorola we've had a long reputation in China, so we continue to have very good success in China. And to the point that you just made, it is strong growth. And as Greg referenced and Ed referenced earlier about the growth in Asia Pacific region, within that region we continue to have even stronger growth in China. We would anticipate we would continue to do that. We are able to do business as a stand-alone entity there. But as we go forward, we will continue to also look for partners to further grow that business there because as you know, there is always a trend in China for localization, so we will continue to adjust as necessary. But right now our track record, and when we look at the future, is very strong in China.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Matt Thornton with Avian Securities.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: A couple of questions. I guess, first, Greg, I think I heard you mention that iDEN was down year-on-year. But can you give us any sense as to how that tracked sequentially or versus plan? And then Ed, the $300 million payment to Motorola Mobility, is that still expected? I mean, can you remind us what the timing might be or what triggers that payment?
Gregory Brown: On your first question, iDEN was down about 20% sequentially and a little bit more than that, about 22% year-over-year as expected and tracking to our plans for this year on what we thought it would yield.
Edward Fitzpatrick: And on the Motorola Mobility item, as you know, as we disclosed in the past, the payments to Mobility relate to repatriation activities that we're able to complete. And as you've seen -- we'll see in our Q as it's filed I think at some point near term here, there is a payment that's due to them for the first tranche of that, that we were able to repatriate. And I won't comment on the future as it will relate to our success in getting some of that cash back from these international locations. But those payments will start near term here.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: Okay. Terrific. And then just one follow-up, if I could Ed, you talked about -- on maintaining that 2 to 2.5x debt-to-EBITDA ratio, maintaining $1.5 billion to $2 billion in U.S. cash. Are those metrics or frameworks that we can continue to use indefinitely here or are they coming down?
Edward Fitzpatrick: I would say that's our current goal to get to that range. As you saw, we did make nice progress this quarter with the deleveraging that took place, the $540 million of debt. So the 2%, 2.5% is our current frame. And I'd say on the cash side of it, we're working to continue to mitigate that, right. What is the minimal cash to run the business, and we're making good progress there. And I'd say -- what I'll tell you is we'll update you on any change to that as we move forward.
Gregory Brown: And just to add on that, and Ed and I have worked very closely on this. But as you think about our company moving forward, we remind you that we'll be paying down the $600 million of debt that comes due in November. And as we think about the firm, our company, we think about it in comparison to multi-industry companies. So we look at the multi-industry competitive peer group in terms of how we are expected to perform. And in the context of a broader capital allocation framework, we will continue to delever the $600 million. We also have a reasonable pension obligation that we'll continue to fulfill and do the required funding. But I think over time, when you think about the net debt position of the multi-industry comps that we look at, over time that's what I think we move toward. So we were focused on the adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA in transition, to delever the firm, to solidify and maintain the investment-grade rating, but forward-looking through the windshield, we'll probably look more around net debt and migrate to where we are to a composition that's more in line with our multi-industry peers on that metric going forward.
Edward Fitzpatrick: And that will take some time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Kramer with Arete Research.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Just following on from that since you mentioned the M&A as one of the options for allocating capital. Could you give us a sense of your thoughts on allocation between the Government and the Enterprise portions? You're already market leader in Government. Maybe you could lay out whether any M&A there would make sense or maybe even hurt your position? And your thoughts on the Enterprise space, which I think seeing many of your peers right now is extremely volatile. And then a quick one for Greg. Are you seeing TETRA become more widely deployed in the U.S. or North America generally? And if that happens, is that going to cause a sort of step change in competitiveness in the North American market as you see it?
Gregory Brown: So the answer to the second question is, no. We do not see TETRA being deployed on any scale in the U.S. P25 is the standard that's been in the U.S. defined for interoperable voice public safety for well over a decade. It's adopted, it's been widely adopted in local, state, federal -- all the federal agencies. And so it's an existing standard that they buy into. We have seen an instance where TETRA was considered, and I actually think might have been awarded in a nonpublic safety example but that I do not see TETRA in North America in the public safety market. In terms of acquisitions, remember we believe and we had said before we do not have any significant gaps in the current portfolio. We've spent a meaningful amount of time divesting the noncore businesses, so we can get to this and strengthen this industry-leading franchise in both Government and Enterprise. The common thread, and there are many between Government and Enterprise, is the high return on investment, ruggedized, customized specific that help us deliver these solutions in moments that matter, whether it's a public safety moment that matter or in critical -- mission critical application for business. We will look at opportunities. We'll be very disciplined in our evaluation. We have a specific return on invested capital threshold. But obviously, now our current prioritization is returning capital to shareholders, but we'll always continue to scan any opportunities that may come forward.
Richard Kramer - Arete Research Services LLP: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up given all the noise in other parts of the industry about intellectual property and you obviously have a large patent portfolio, which is maybe hard to deploy in public safety but might be more interesting for Enterprise. Do you see opportunities for getting any sort of material levels of income from your royalties or your patent portfolio going forward? Or is that just going to remain as you've said before something that's a competitive differentiator but not a source of income?
Gregory Brown: I think more of the latter. It's a competitive differentiator but probably not a source of meaningful proactive income. Remember, we had a very extensive perpetual royalty-free cross with our colleagues at Motorola Mobility. So with the 30-plus -- 30,000-plus patents and that were granted or pending, we have a perpetual cross with all the IPR that was developed pre-separation -- actually up to a year after we spin Mobility. So we feel we have an excellent, solid and very large IPR defensive portfolio. When you look at solutions, we have 10,000 patent granted or pending. And when you look at our core businesses around mobile computing, RFID, 802.11 WLAN, mission critical public safety, we feel very good about that positon. But as you think about the financial contribution and operating leverage of our firm going forward. I wouldn't be thinking about intellectual property as being some kind of new material revenue stream. It's more going to be in line with the delivery of the traditional business that we've described.
Operator: We'll take our final question today from Deepak Sitaraman with Crédit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG: Greg and Ed, can you maybe give us a sense of the portion of R&D across both your segments that you spent on nonrevenue-generating projects? I would imagine there's a higher portion of that on the Government side. But I'm just trying to gauge where there's perhaps more operating leverage in the model going forward?
Gregory Brown: So we spent about $1 billion a year on R&D. We are very measured and disciplined in our portfolio management process in prioritizing R&D spend against return on invested capital within both Government and Enterprise. For every $1 billion of R&D, we're generating at least historically about $4 billion of gross margin so the leverage is very strong. The only thing I would point you to in terms of where we spent a reasonable amount of R&D with no return to date, but it was a thoughtful and purposeful thing to do was public safety LTE. So for the last 3 years, we've been investing in infrastructure, in core software applications, in interoperable gateways and pushing on an expansion of our portfolio of LTE devices that, per an earlier question, we have virtually de minimis LTE revenue contribution to date in '11. We don't expect it to be significant in 2012 either. It will be more meaningful in 2013. So that was R&D that was purposely spent in advance of the multibillion-dollar opportunity that we see both in the States and in the Middle East, but that's the thing that comes to mind to your question.
Edward Fitzpatrick: I think more broadly though, if you're talking about how do we think about innovation versus supporting our current products, we have a very specific target of a percentage of our R&D that goes towards new product introductions. So we won't get into that, but I'd say it's a meaningful percentage of our R&D going forward and the teams are pretty robust and rigorous about making sure that we're spending on new products as opposed to supporting old.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay. That's very helpful. Just a quick follow-up, if I may. Now that the decision has been made with regard to capital allocation, Greg, perhaps can you just talk us through what else you may have considered when you were looking at the various options? Specifically, how did you think about whether or not to lever up the balance sheet? And is that something that's still on the table for some point down the road?
Gregory Brown: So we looked at all options on capital allocation, took a very holistic and comprehensive approach. Again, we were -- we looked at our unique opportunity with excess cash and recognized that and have talked about that in the past. And we also looked at our multi-industry financial peers as the comparative group to think about a framework by how we can productively return capital in the future. Given where we are, and we are still delevering and we'll pay down the $600 million of debt in November, and we are still funding at the required level our pension, we still have work to do in improving our adjusted debt to adjusted EBITDA. So that's really our prioritization at this point in time. And we expect to do that and progress through the remainder of the year. We'll update you next year. But over time, over time, it is appropriate to think about us moving more toward a net debt position of our multi-industry peers, but I think it's a very measured progression. And Ed and I are in lockstep in terms of how we'll do this and when we'll do it. And we're very pleased with the dividend, the quarterly dividend, the $2 billion share repurchase over the next 17 months, and we'll keep you informed along the way. But I think the top headline is that we have a strong franchise that generates meaningful operating cash, and we'll deploy it in a very thoughtful way against the disciplined ROIC threshold.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A session for today's conference. I will now turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: All right. Thank you. I want to remind everyone of the details outlining highlighted items, our GAAP to non-GAAP P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our www.motorolasolutions.com/Investor Relations website. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides will also be available on the site shortly after the conclusion of this call. During this call, we have made a number of forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics, timing and ability to repurchase shares under the share repurchase program, our ability to pay future dividends; our long-term framework for capital allocation; future sales growth by segment and region; earnings per share guidance, future tax rates and cash tax rates; expectations for operating expenses, operating earnings; operating margins; profitability; as well as the amount of other income and expense; expected cash position; repatriation; improvements on working capital management; demand trends for Motorola Solutions businesses and products; the growth opportunity for our services model; future strategic plans; the availability of government funding and spectrum for public safety. Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from these stated in the forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause and in some cases have caused such differences can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 12 through 25 and Item 1-A of our 2010 annual report on Form 10-K on Page 46 and Item 1A of our first quarter quarterly report on Form 10-Q and Motorola Solutions' other SEC filings.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Shep Dunlap -  Edward Fitzpatrick - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Mark Moon - SVP, Government and Commercial Markets, Motorola Gregory Brown - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Chairman of Executive Committee
Analysts: Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc. Avi Silver - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for holding. Welcome to the Motorola Solutions First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. The presentation material and additional financial tables are currently posted on the Motorola Solutions Investor Relations website. In addition, a replay of this call will be available approximately 3 hours after the conclusion of this call over the Internet. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Dunlap, you may begin your conference.
Shep Dunlap: Thank you. Good morning. Welcome to our conference call to present Motorola Solutions' first quarter results. With me this morning are Greg Brown, President and Chief Executive Officer of Motorola Solutions; Ed Fitzpatrick, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Mark Moon, Senior Vice President, Sales and Field Operations. Greg and Ed will review our first quarter results along with commentary, and Mark will join us for Q&A. We have posted an accompanying earnings presentation and press release in motorolasolutions.com/investor, and I encourage you to review these materials. A number of forward-looking statements will be made during this presentation. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon representing our views as of any subsequent date. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this presentation. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Shep. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. I'd like to start by saying that I'm very pleased with our first quarter results as we delivered excellent revenue growth with improved profitability and cash flow. Highlights for the quarter included sustained global demand across all regions, improved operating earnings, disciplined expense management and important examples that demonstrate our purpose, which is to help customers be their best in the moments that matter.  This morning, Motorola Solutions reported sales in the first quarter of $1.9 billion, an increase of 8% from Q1 of last year. On a GAAP basis, net earnings were $1.06 per share from continued operations compared to $0.29 in the year-ago quarter. Non-GAAP net earnings from continuing operations, which exclude intangible amortization, stock compensation and highlighted items were $0.54 per share, a 64% increase from $0.33 per share in Q1 of last year. Our Government segment posted sales growth of 5% with improved operating margins, demonstrating continued resiliency and demand for our public safety solutions. In the Enterprise segment, sales increased 14% from last year, with higher operating margins as we saw robust demand for our solutions from customers across all the major geographies we serve.  I'm now going to turn the call over to Ed Fitzpatrick to discuss our financial results as well as reporting changes. I'll then return to discuss operational highlights and provide a little additional color on the business. Ed?
Edward Fitzpatrick: Thanks, Greg. Before I review the financial performance, let me briefly highlight some changes we made to our reporting. On April 14, we filed an 8-K with updated financial information for Motorola Solutions' historical GAAP and non-GAAP financial results presented in 2 product segments: Government and Enterprise. Our Government segment includes our two-way radio business and our public safety systems business. The Enterprise segment includes enterprise mobile computing, scanning devices, wireless broadband systems, RFID data capture solutions and our iDEN infrastructure business. This new segment format provides further details and insight into our sales and operating earnings performance. In addition, the 8-K includes pro forma cash flow statements for 2008 through 2010.  Now on to our financial results for the quarter. Sales for the quarter grew 8% year-over-year, driven by Enterprise business strength, continued resiliency in Government and growth in all regions. Sales growth continued in our Government business, with first quarter sales of $1.2 billion, an increase of 5% from the prior year. Enterprise sales demonstrated sustained momentum as the segment grew 14% to $695 million, driven by robust demand in EMEA and stronger-than-expected demand for iDEN.  Although iDEN sales increased in Q1 compared to last year, we still expect a full year decline for this business. On a GAAP basis, earnings from continuing operations net of taxes were $365 million, and EPS was $1.06 per share. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.54 per share compared to $0.33 per share a year ago. For the rest of this call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures. Gross margin percentage in the quarter was 50.3%, up from 49.3% in the same quarter last year. The increase in gross margin was due to favorable product mix in both segments. Operating expenses of $681 million were roughly flat in absolute dollar terms compared to the year-ago quarter. We continue to focus on expense management and executing our previously disclosed plan to reduce G&A costs while making the necessary investments in R&D and go-to-market capabilities. We are on target for removing separation-related G&A overhang cost by the end of Q2. Our operating earnings for the first quarter were $267 million, or 14.2% of sales, compared to $175 million, or 10.1%, in Q1 2010. This 53% increase in operating earnings was driven by increased sales and gross margin coupled with flat operating expenses, which demonstrates the operating leverage of our P&L.  Total other income and expense was a net income of $3 million in the quarter compared to a net expense of $11 million in Q1 2010. The positive result in this line item was driven by investment and foreign currency gains, as well as lower interest expense due to adjustments in tax-related and other interest accruals. These net benefits favorably impacted Q1 by approximately $35 million, or $0.11 per share, relative to our outlook we shared with you last quarter. We expect this line to return to a net expense of approximately $30 million to $40 million in future quarters. Our effective tax rate was 33.7% for the quarter, and we still expect the tax rate for the year in the range of 35% to 37%. However, as we've shared with you before, our cash tax rate is expected to be 20% for the next 7 years as we utilize over $1 billion of available tax credits. We generated $231 million in cash flow from operations and $204 million in free cash flow. We also generated approximately $217 million in operating cash flow from discontinued operations related to the Networks business in Q1.  From a working capital perspective, the accounts receivables days were essentially flat to Q4. Inventory turns decreased sequentially from 8.7x to 7.2x, which is attributable in part to lower seasonal sales in Q1.  We are focused on managing and continuing to improve our working capital over time, particularly inventory turns. We ended the quarter with $6.2 billion in cash and investments and $2.7 billion in debt. Our cash balance is now 35% in the U.S. compared to 31% after separation, an increase driven primarily by repatriation activities. We will continue working towards our goal of a greater than 40% U.S. cash balance by year end.  Turning now to our Q2 outlook. We expect sales growth of 4% to 5% over the second quarter 2010. This factors in the impact of approximately $15 million in reduced sales from the modules business we divested this quarter, lower iDEN revenue and potential supply chain disruptions in Japan. Our outlook is for non-GAAP earnings of $0.46 to $0.51 per share from continuing operations. This compares to non-GAAP EPS in Q2 2010 of $0.37 per share. Consistent with prior quarters, this outlook excludes expenses for stock-based compensation and intangible amortization of approximately $0.18 per share and items historically highlighted in our quarterly earnings releases.  The company now expects full year revenue growth to track towards 4% to 4.5%. This reflects growth of 5.5% to 6%, offset by a decline in our iDEN business and $45 million of reduced revenues from the modules business we divested this quarter. With this growth, we now expect operating earnings in the range of 16% to 16.5% of sales.  I'll now turn it over to Greg for segment highlights from the quarter.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Ed. In Government, our sales for the quarter were $1.2 billion, up 5% over Q1 of 2010. We saw healthy growth in all regions except for EMEA, where continued challenges in Western Europe offset demand in other parts of the region. Our profitability also improved with operating earnings representing 11.7% of sales this quarter compared to 8.7% in Q1 of last year. This increase in operating earnings was driven by higher gross margins due to favorable product mix and a continued focus on operating expense management to drive further operating leverage. Although the general funding environment remains challenging in the U.S., there's some signs of improvement as tax receipts continue to increase and approach 2008 levels.  In addition, our customers continue to prioritize their public safety communication needs, and we remain focused on helping them find ways to fund system upgrades, improve interoperability and meet spectrum narrowbanding requirements. Examples of key wins that demonstrate our solutions to meet these needs include: a $14 million award in Cortland County, New York to enable numerous public safety agencies to communicate and improve coverage; a $16 million regional system with East Bay Regional Communications to serve the San Francisco Bay Area; a $10 million award in Brown County, Wisconsin to implement an ASTRO 25 system that will improve interoperability and enable more efficient use of spectrum; and finally, in Pennsylvania, we won a $31 million award to upgrade Berks County from a conventional system to the benefits of ASTRO 25 trunking.  We announced plans to begin shipping our ASTRO 25 systems with P25 Phase 2 TDMA trunking later this year. This is part of our standards-compliant, next-generation public safety portfolio that is transforming public safety operations and strengthening the mission-critical communications core. Nearly a dozen customers have already contracted with us to deliver P25 TDMA functionality.  In TETRA, we secured multi-million dollar projects with Airwave in the United Kingdom and with a Chevron affiliate in Kazakhstan to service one of the largest oilfields in the world. In Latin America, we won new multi-million dollar projects for ASTRO 25 radio systems with public safety agencies in Colombia and the civil police in Sao Paulo, Brazil.  Our innovation continues to earn recognition from our customers and industry as well. This year, we earned prestigious red dot awards for the designs of our industry-leading APX Portable radios and our Mission Critical Wireless Earpiece. And American COP Magazine recently featured our solutions for in-car digital video, mobile workstations and the APX integrated radio control head.  With respect to our next-generation public safety initiatives, during the quarter, we announced with Verizon Wireless a first-of-its-kind solution that combines a standards-based public safety broadband network tailored for mission-critical operations with the benefits of a leading public commercial broadband LTE network. As a result of this alliance, public safety agencies will benefit from economies of scale, site sharing, optimized network design and an open standards-based approach. The alliance allows agencies to supplement their mission-critical core platforms with the rich media services and the increased capacity and coverage of Verizon Wireless' public LTE network.  With bills now in the House and Senate in support of our first responder customers position, there is optimism about prioritization of the 700 MHz D block to public safety, which would efficiently and effectively double the spectrum available for a public safety-grade broadband data network. We've been investing in R&D for next-generation public safety for over 2 years, and our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to deliver standards-based LTE solutions to our public safety customers. Moving to the Enterprise business. Sales in our Enterprise segment were $695 million, an increase of 14% from Q1 of 2010. Operating earnings expanded to 18.4% of sales, up from 12.7% last year with robust EMEA demand and improved contribution from iDEN. Excluding iDEN, Enterprise operating margins still increased and were consistent with our Government segment. Retail, the largest vertical segment we serve in Enterprise, continues to invest in technology to empower workers and generate sales growth.  In January, we released the latest results of our annual retail study, which indicated 55% of retailers cited shoppers as better connected to information than their own store associates. When shoppers received guidance from a retail associate equipped with a handheld mobile computer, over 43% reported that the device improved the overall shopping experience.  The return on investment on our retail solutions is further supported by research that suggests nearly 1/3 of retail store visits ended with an average of $132 unspent because of out-of-stock items, limited store associate assistance and long checkout lines. An example of how retailers are investing in technology to respond to these trends is a $24 million award that we recently received from a large U.S. big box retailer to deploy in-store wireless infrastructure, mobile applications and security.  Another area of growth in Enterprise is among our transportation and logistics customers. We announced the $20 million mobile computing solution with General Logistics Systems in Germany and another award with Correos in Spain, both to further enable world-class logistics and package delivery. Additionally, we will continue to grow our Enterprise services portfolio with mobile security and network management solutions. During the quarter, we expanded our scale of these offerings with additional large retailers and financial institutions. The RFID Journal recently recognized Motorola Solutions as the best-known brand in the RFID industry. Our RFID solutions enable businesses to advance to new levels of efficiency with realtime asset management and ensuring that the right product is on the shelf and available for the customer at the right time. Furthering our leadership in RFID, we recently introduced a contactless mobile computer based on our premier MC75 Enterprise mobile computing platform, which now features high-frequency RFID and near-field communications.  Now turning to a total regional view for the company. Our sales grew in all 4 geographic regions over the same quarter a year ago. North America grew in mid-single digits, while EMEA grew in high single digits fueled by continued strength in Enterprise mobile computing. Asia continues to grow with favorable economic trends and expanding infrastructure for transportation, public safety, utilities and health care. Latin America's performance is in part attributable to growth in iDEN, investments in infrastructure, adoption of Enterprise mobile computing and demand for radio communications systems.  From a go-to-market perspective, we hosted a channel partner kickoff event in every region, with 5,000 attendees representing our top worldwide partners for sales and product training. Our Motorola Solutions' PartnerEmpower channel, which spans both Government and Enterprise, was also awarded a 5-star rating in CRN magazine's 2011 Partner Program Guide, which recognizes outstanding partnership opportunities and support. We saw examples this past quarter where our equipment and employees delivered in moments that mattered.  Following the 6.3 magnitude earthquake in Christchurch, the second largest city in New Zealand, we contributed to rescue and recovery by sending wireless broadband gear, 250 TETRA mission-critical radios and other types of support. Our technicians on the scene worked with emergency services personnel to ensure systems were configured for full communications capability and integrated seamlessly with local emergency networks. In response to the catastrophic earthquake and tsunami in Japan, we donated over 1,300 radios and other equipment to assist with rescue and recovery. Our employees in Japan are safe and have returned to work, and we will continue to support our partners in Japan during this rebuilding effort.  I'm proud of the responses from our employees worldwide, including their personal donations in our Motorola Solutions Foundation contributions, exceeding $0.5 million of disaster relief for both Japan and New Zealand. We continue to refine our overall portfolio to strengthen our focus on mission-critical communications solutions for public safety and enterprise. With this focus in Q1, we divested of our modules business, and we also sold a production facility in Israel.  Several weeks ago, we announced an amended agreement with Nokia Siemens for the sale of our Networks business for $975 million in cash plus $150 million in retained accounts receivables. We expect net cash proceeds of $1 billion after taxes, accounts receivable collections, assignment fees and other transaction fees and expenses. A significant amount of the net proceeds will be received in the U.S. In addition, our discontinued operations from the Networks business generated approximately $217 million in operating cash flow during Q1.  We received regulatory approval in China on April 20. And with all other remaining closing conditions satisfied, we are scheduled to close this transaction with NSN tomorrow. This will represent another significant accomplishment toward optimizing our capital structure, and we will provide greater clarity on our capital allocation decisions within the next 90 days.  Overall, our Q1 results were an outstanding start to the year, and we're well positioned for continued success with a strong balance sheet, a commitment to innovation and exceptional customers and employees. Shep?
Shep Dunlap: Thanks, Greg. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please instruct our callers on how to ask a question.
Operator: Certainly. The floor is now open for questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Avi Silver with CLSA.
Avi Silver - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I guess, just given the magnitude of the top line and operating margin beat, can you walk us through what factors led you to exceed expectations in the quarter? Were there any major mix benefits there? And I guess, in the context of your guidance, can you talk about why EPS should decline sequentially with revenue increasing 7% quarter-over-quarter? I can't recall margins ever being down in Q2 for solutions or for the former EMS business.
Gregory Brown: So Avi, first of all, thanks. in Q1, the strong exceeding in the expectations, over $0.32 a share to $0.54, $0.11 of that were from the operating dimensions of the business. And $0.11 of that were below the line. So when you look at it, quite frankly, we just had stronger volume and a favorable mix. iDEN was up. We didn't expect it to be up in Q1 on the infrastructure side. And quite frankly, we were more aggressive in exceeding some of the expense reduction targets than we had originally forecasted. So net-net, overall demand was strong in all 4 regions. Mix was favorable. iDEN was a positive surprise driven by international expansion, and we were more successful reducing costs than we had originally thought as we committed to get these costs out of the business in the first half. We also had some favorable foreign exchange. So think of it as $0.11 from the business and $0.11 below the line.
Edward Fitzpatrick: And on the below-the-line items, we don't expect those items to recur. And that's why I've said, "hey, we expect that line to be an expense going forward in the $30 million to $40 million range." We did have some favorability on gains in investments and businesses. As Greg mentioned, the modules business, we sold that business. We also had some other investment gains and some tax-related interest favorability, won some favorable rulings in international locations on taxes. So all those, that favorability, $0.11 per share, won't recur. So that's why you see somewhat of an anomaly Q1 to Q2. If you take those unusual items out, you will see that we are growing and we are improving the earnings per share from the operations of the business.
Gregory Brown: And Avi, just to -- a couple of points on the Q2 guidance. So we're guiding revenue growth of 4% to 5%. When you normalize for the divestiture of the modules business and you incorporate the way we believe iDEN will perform vis-à-vis a decline, that 4% to 5% revenue growth looks closer to 6% from the core operating dimensions of the business. We guided $0.46 to $0.51 earnings per share. That's up nicely over Q2 of last year of $0.37 a share. So we're still getting very strong EPS expansion, and we're growing the top line well. And remember also, Q2 of last year was a 12% quarter in revenue growth. It was actually, I think, the beginnings of the turnaround of the economic recovery. So it's off of a very high comp from the year-over-year quarter. That should help you dimensionalize the thinking around how we are moving forward.
Avi Silver - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Great.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Fidacaro with Susquehanna.
Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Greg, I was wondering if you can address, on the Government side, the sales up 5%. A bit better than we thought. And can you talk about the outlook for the rest of the year? And then if you could even break it down between the North America and Europe, I noticed North America, you're saying it was up mid-single in total and Europe was up high single digits. Could you sort of talk about that as respect to the Government side?
Gregory Brown: So we were really pleased, Jeff, with the Q1 performance of 5% growth in Government. We've continually mentioned the fact that not all government spending is equal. And I think what the quarter demonstrates is the prioritization that agencies across the globe continue to put in terms of the prioritization of mission-critical communications. Maybe to talk a little bit about the growth in North America and other regions, I'll let Mark Moon comment as well, who obviously runs worldwide sales and field operations for the firm.
Mark Moon: Thank, Greg. So as Greg commented earlier, we did grow Government in every region with the exception of Western Europe. And in most of the other parts of Europe, Government grew as well. So I think that was to be expected. What wasn't expected necessarily, even though we have constantly continued to be bullish on Government growth in North America, was that it would be as strong as it was. North America grew 6% in the first quarter, and as we look out through the end of the year, which was your question, we believe that growth will continue to remain similar to what we guided early on in the 4% to 6% range. So we see Government growth continuing to be strong. Quite honestly, we think it's very strong in the Middle East and Africa with some big opportunities. It's very strong in Asia, and we hope that Western Europe will also recover as we go through the year. So we're expecting good growth and similar to the guidance we gave early in Government as we go forward. And we continue to see peaks in the Enterprise growth, which is complementing that.
Jeffrey Fidacaro - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: And just a quick follow-up. So on that side too, you do have long lead times in that visibility, correct? As far as contracts and bids.
Mark Moon: We've got a little bit of both, when you think about it. I mean, we've got good visibility to the funnel and the contracts we're working. We've got good backlog. When you look at the makeup of our backlog, the majority of that backlog is in the Government space. And once you've got these large contracts, then that, again, stems out not necessarily lumpy, but over an extended period of time. So because of our market position and because of where we are and what's going on, we feel really good about the comments that I'm making as far as projections for the rest of the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Matt Thornton with Avian Securities.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: Greg, I don't know if you mentioned this, but what was backlog for the quarter? Were we up sequentially and year-on-year?
Gregory Brown: So backlog. Well, I didn't mention it in the prepared remarks. But it's flat to ever so slightly down, which we were actually pleased with in combination with pruning 8% revenue growth in Q1.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: Got you. And that's on a sequential basis or a year-on-year basis?
Gregory Brown: Both. It's actually -- it's like 1%, 1.5% both sequentially and year-over-year.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: Okay, perfect. Perfect. And then could you just quantify -- you guys talked about the modules business that you sold in the quarter. Is that material? Can you quantify what the revenue run rate was there?
Gregory Brown: Revenue run rate was $60 million a year.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: $60 million a year. Okay, perfect. And then the cost reduction, so it looks like you guys were a little bit ahead of plan of eliminating that $150 million. Where are we on that? Is that completely removed? Or are we halfway through that? And any sense as to what's left there?
Gregory Brown: I think we've made really nice progress. We also talked last quarter that we really started this in the fourth quarter. So I think we're right on track. We had a little bit of favorability, as Greg mentioned, in the quarter. But we still expect the full year to be in and around, taking out the $150 million that we had talked about.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: Okay, terrific. And one last question, if I could. On the NSN transaction, it's set to close tomorrow. The transaction price was renegotiated from $1.2 billion down to $975 million, but it looks like the structure and the assets are the same. Can you walk us through what the change was and what the rationale for the price change was?
Gregory Brown: Yes. So first of all, it gave us greater certainty around closing. We also received concessions as part of that amended price. And we have the benefits of the earnings in cash for the first 4 months of this year. For the first quarter, it equates to additional cash flow of $217 million. That was not originally contemplated when we struck the deal and assumed it would close by 12/31. So we have always been assuming approximately $1 billion plus or minus net of tax, and that's what we will achieve tomorrow when we close the deal. So we're thrilled with that transaction.
Matthew Thornton - Avian Securities, LLC: Okay, that makes sense. Great. Perfect.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Pierre Ferragu with Bernstein.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: One more question on your Government business. I'm very impressed by the regions of the business. And based on your comments, you have reasonably good visibility on the regions for the rest of the year. My question would be, how would you assess any risk on that front of further Government spending cuts, further budget reviews that would put at risk this outlook, I don't know, on a 6 to 18 months horizon?
Gregory Brown: So I would say this, Pierre. As we mentioned, Government was good and pretty strong across all regions with the exception of Western Europe, where we thought it would be down. So we'll continue, I think, to see a challenging Government environment in Western Europe. But that said, with the backlog and the visibility, we feel reasonably comfortable that it can continue to grow in the other geographies. In addition, the Obama administration, if we move toward the U.S., has solidified with Congress a 2011 budget. At the end of the day, when we look at the 2011 budget on the margins, it doesn't look like it disrupts or materially contracts any available grant money here in the U.S. So we look at the U.S. grant and federal funding environment as generally constant in '11, which is favorable. And of course, there's some other things that are driving continued Government spending. There's a narrowband mandate here in the U.S., where new radios sold after the end of 2012 have to have a certain technical requirement that, that will allow for and continue to incent public safety agencies to refresh and upgrade radios to those new, narrowbanding-compliant subscriber devices over the next 18 months. So generally speaking, we're always looking at it closely. And in the U.S., certainly, it dominates the headlines around the deficits at the state level. But our experience, at least historically, and again demonstrated in Q1, is that not all Government spending is equal. And public safety mission-critical communications, interoperability and adding technology like video surveillance or other types of solutions that will augment and help pressure on headcount in public safety, continues put us in a favorable position. So we've incorporated all this thinking into the Q2 guidance and the full year, and we'll continue to stay diligent and watch it closely.
Pierre Ferragu - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., Inc.: And what about Europe? Where do you see the situation stabilizing there or improving? Or do you think there is a risk of further cuts in budget and the situation deteriorating?
Mark Moon: I think the situation in Europe is mixed when we describe, what we call, our European region, because it's Europe, Middle East & Africa. Obviously, spending in the Middle East and Africa is pretty strong, and we're working on a number of very large opportunities there. Western Europe is where we have been seeing constriction, but there are some catalysts for spending like preparing for the Olympics, other things that are coming. And we're seeing, as we mentioned, this contract with Airwave, which was directly related to those kinds of things. We also had been declining in Western Europe for the past four quarters, which we predicted all along. I think now, we're getting to a point where we were also coming off some higher comparables, which made the decline there. As we go forward, I think it'll stabilize in Western Europe. I don't expect strong growth, but we'll get our growth out of the other regions. And then the other regions of the world, I expect to continue to grow at the consistent pace that we've outlined previously. So again, kind of reiterating, we feel really good about the outlook that we've provided.
Operator: And we'll go next to the side of Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Kind of a big picture question. We're hearing a lot of -- I shouldn't say a lot, but some activity of Android operating system handsets getting into applications like U.S. Army and supply chain. And what I'm wondering is, in kind of the break up between your business and Sanjay's, is it a pretty clean split in terms of opportunities that you're able to go after that are clearly rugged? Or is the split based on operating system? And kind of talk about your ability to just shift operating systems from Windows CE to Android if it comes to that. And then, Ed, just a couple of financial details. The DSOs you put up this quarter and the cash conversion cycle, how should we think about that longer term? Is this a good representative quarter? Or does it get better from here or worse from here? And then the final financial question is, on the balance sheet, there's about $2.8 billion of deferred tax assets. Are there any allowances on that? Or is that a clean number?
Gregory Brown: So Tavis, on the separation of MSI and MMI, yes, I think it's pretty clean. The Mobility group has responsibility for consumer devices, which at this point to date, on the Smart phone side, Sanjay has been Android-centric. On the Enterprise side, which is our purview, we have been Windows-centric, Windows Mobile, now Windows handheld. We stay in close touch with Microsoft. I've talked to Ballmer just a few weeks ago, and we are continuing to stay very closely aligned to ensure that we are working together proactively on the Windows road map and how it evolves, whether it's Win Phone 7 or Windows 8 and the implications to our Enterprise customers. We have, as you know, Tavis, exclusive use of the brand in the Enterprise and Government side or military side that you referenced. But at the end of the day, there's nothing that limits our ability to either adopt Android or another operating system. And over time, over the next several years, I think that you see the development of what's called HTML 5, which will lessen the importance of the OS on the individual device, and allow the manageability and apps ecosystem to be written agnostic of whatever, whether it's Microsoft or Android, on the device. The fact of the matter is, we are Microsoft-centric today. There is nothing that limits our ability to go Android. We may choose to do that on certain specialty devices, either for the Enterprise or perhaps in a battlefield or public safety application. But we continue to work that, and that's being worked in Holtsville, New York with the device group, with our mobile computing group led by Girish Rishi. But there's definitely opportunity there.
Edward Fitzpatrick: Tavis, on the working capital front, yes, we do expect to improve as we go throughout the year. First quarter typically is our lowest quarter. I would say, just given the way that the math works, we will improve over time as we get more flow through on the cost of goods sold line on inventory. But on top of that, I think we still have some operating improvements to make, particularly in inventory with our sales and operations planning process. As we also implement an ERP, a single-instance ERP over the next year or so, we're in the process of doing that. We'll get better information from the start, from the sales force, all the way through operations and distributions. So we will improve on the working capital throughout the year. The second part of your question related to deferred tax assets and valuation allowances. We do have about $250 million of valuation allowances remaining on the $2-plus billion of overall tax assets that we have. And that really relates to the foreign operations that we have on a global basis.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Peter Misek with Jefferies.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just a question to follow up on the cash flow. Your cash generation looked pretty solid even with some working capital puts and takes. As you look out through the year, I think your cash generation should be pretty solid. Can you walk us through what your plans are for returning cash or uses of cash sort of for the rest of the year? That would be really helpful.
Edward Fitzpatrick: Sure. I think your question really kind of alludes to the capital allocation question that we've got and that we've given you some feedback in the past. So let me first outline for you what we have said in the past and kind of where we're going to go from here. We've talked about executing on 4 things: One, completing the separation, which we've now done. The second item is obtaining solid investment grade at all the rating agencies. We've gotten that from 2 of the 3 rating agencies. We do, hopefully, expect to get that near-term third agency, bumping us up to solid investment grade. The third thing is closing the Networks transaction, which we now expect to be imminent, hopefully will close tomorrow. The fourth item was driving cash repatriation to the U.S., getting to that balance, as I talked about earlier, greater than 40% by the time we exit the year. We've also talked about paying down -- we are committed to paying down the $600 million of debt that comes due in November of this year. So we will do that. In the meantime, as we've been trying to execute all of these things, we have gotten very close to completing the initial phase of our capital allocation framework, incorporating our forecasts, future forecasts, as you talked about, cash flows, benchmark data that's out there and investor feedback that we've heard over the past quarter or two. With all of that said, we'll plan to come back to you in the next 90 days with our capital allocation decisions as Greg mentioned on the call earlier.
Peter Misek - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Perfect. If I can ask a follow-up question, in your prepared remarks, your mentioned the federal LTE network. Can you walk us through any thoughts you have as to timing of some of these large network builds and sort of how you plan for that? I mean, it looks like it would be a pretty serious network resource drag, or network resource issue, to manage. It may take up a lot of your capacity. Can you just walk us through how you think about that and when the potential timing could be?
Gregory Brown: So we've been investing, Peter, in the LTE public safety, both infrastructure and device initiatives, for over 2 years. And we've been doing that, obviously, with no financial return to date. We don't expect LTE public safety to be a material contributor at all in 2011 either. We have 2 awards, San Francisco BayRICS and Harris County, Texas. We're working closely with both of those customers and would expect to start to deploy some of the resources and the systems associated with the implementation milestones in Q4. I wouldn't call it a drag on resources. I'd call it a redeployment that we've anticipated and planned for, both financially and operationally. It's in the product group under Bob Schassler. And we've redeployed R&D resources within our cost structure, and we've put a high priority on it. I think public safety LTE is the biggest opportunity we have in Motorola Solutions, looking out for the next 3 or 4 years. We've talked about that there's $1 billion-plus in the funnel that we work. We have to win it, but it's out there. We've also sized this opportunity incrementally to the core business of about $3 billion to $5 billion over the next five years. So Mark Moon is working on the go-to-market, sales organization and necessary partnerships, which we referenced with Verizon Wireless. And we're pretty excited about it. And I want to emphasize that it kind of brings -- it capitalizes on our expertise in public safety, and it also will bring the benefits to the public safety agencies of an open standards approach. So with that comes economies of scale. With the agreement with Verizon Wireless comes a substantial amount of site sharing, which I know politically and regulatorily is targeted in Washington, D.C. They want an open standards approach. They want the benefits of public/private. You want to capitalize on the existing infrastructure that's been spent on public safety, and we want to improve the interoperability. This opportunity is incremental to our voice narrowband public safety business, and we feel pretty good about it.
Mark Moon: Yes, the only clarification -- I think you made a comment about the federal network buildout. And I think is, there's a lot of discussion around what happens. Today, the plan is to really let this be a buildup of a lot of local systems, if you will, Greg described, too, that we're undertaking today so that the ultimate concept would be a network of networks. Clearly focused exactly on what Greg highlighted and what Washington wants to ensure, is that we make sure we keep interoperability and everything is standards-based to allow that to happen and to allow these network of networks to look like an overall nationwide network. And we're committed to stand behind both of those things as we go forward, and as Greg said, "Excited about that opportunity as we move forward."
Operator: And we'll go next to Ehud Gelblum with Morgan Stanley.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: A couple of questions. One was how big was iDEN this quarter? You said it was larger than you thought.
Gregory Brown: So we don't break out the individual quarter. But to reference you back to what we said in the financial analyst meeting, it was $400 million, approximately $400 million last year. And we thought it would be down to approximately $300 million in '11. It was stronger -- it actually grew, Hudi [ph], in Q1, but we still expect to decline structurally overall from the business.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: It grew quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year.
Gregory Brown: Yes, I think that's right. Yes, it is right. It grew both sequentially and year-over-year. And it was driven internationally by Nextel International, adding subscribers.
Edward Fitzpatrick: We actually expected, Hudi [ph] the first quarter to be roughly flat, and then the decline to happen second quarter through fourth. So just more color.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Now when you say you expected it to be $300 million this year, is this -- when you say now it's going to be down, it's going to be greater than $300 million?
Gregory Brown: Probably yes.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay. If I normalize the operating margin of Enterprise to the 11.7% operating margin of Government, it looks like there was an additional $46 million of operating income you got out of the extra iDEN, or at least out of iDEN. Plus a base -- I can get somewhere in the 50s, $50 million, $55 million of operating income coming out of iDEN. If you did $100 million, $120 million, $130 million in revenue, I mean, that's like 50% margin. Is that the right way to look at it?
Edward Fitzpatrick: We're not going to get to that level of detail in that business. As we talked about, this is the business that will be declining over time and becoming less a piece of the portfolio. We did have some favorable results of that business, which helped the results. But overall, the growth in the business really is what drove the improved results. iDEN did help a bit because it was actually up, and we plan it to be flat during the quarter. But we're not going to get to that level of detail.
Gregory Brown: Yes, and Hudi [ph], let me make sure that I didn't drive past your question. When you said you expect it to be greater than $300 million, I answered yes. We don't think the decline -- it will decline, but probably not as significantly as we talked about in Q4. So it will be up a little higher than $300 million, but still structurally declining. I wanted to make sure we didn't talk past each other.
Edward Fitzpatrick: Say, Hudi [ph], I'll just add one other thing. As you look at our results and the results of the Enterprise business, we talked about that the iDEN business is a mature business. The R&D investment of that is really more sustaining as opposed to a lot of new product introductions, if you will. So that business is a bit more profitable than the other business. Without the impact of iDEN, the Enterprise business and its profitability, when you look at it compared to Government, is roughly comparable. For the quarter, and I'll tell you, for the full year, as we said before in prior meetings, we expect it to be roughly comparable. When you back out iDEN, the profitability of the Enterprise business, should be roughly comparable to the Government business when you look at OE. It may be different quarter-to-quarter, but overall, you should think it about being comparable.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that makes sense. I was going to go in there, just wanted to make sure I was right on that. Western Europe, that seems to be a problem. Two things: one is how large is Western Europe's? Can you help us quantify what that looks like in your Government side? And two, is the problem essentially governments that clearly don't have enough money to spend and are grappling with their own budgets? Or is there a competition issue there with TETRA?
Gregory Brown: So Western Europe Government is challenging. Western Europe Enterprise is strong. The challenges in Western Europe Government are structural austerity and funding, not competition. So I mean, I think competition's been constant. I don't think there's been a material change one way or another. So it's more, Hudi [ph], just the headwinds that they have and the challenges in many of the countries there, economically, and the deficits that they're battling back from.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Can you help us quantify how large Western Europe is for you on the Government side?
Mark Moon: So obviously, we don't talk to that level of detail. But let me give you some color around what we've said in the past. If you'd think about your overall EMEA being roughly 22% or so of our business, the business in EMEA, different than in the other parts of the world, is relatively similar. Worldwide, we've talked about being 65% Government, 35% Enterprise. In Europe, it's roughly 50-50. Within that Europe, the business in Western Europe versus the rest of Europe is also roughly 50-50. So all of a sudden is you break this down to about a quarter. That size of Western Europe is probably 6%, 7% of our overall business. And again, it's only flat to slightly down. So we're talking about it but in the scheme of things, not really a big impact that we can't overcome. Obviously, I wish Western Europe Government was growing as well as everywhere else, but I don't see this as a big impact. But as you narrow it down to just that, Government. And as Greg pointed out, Western Europe Enterprise is growing and has been growing much faster than expected.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: No, that makes a lot of sense, and it was very helpful to quantify it. Last thing, you talked about a favorable product mix. Ed, I think you've mentioned that. Was that on both sides, the Enterprise and the Government? And can you tell us what products did better? Which ones didn't do better? And what impact that had on margins? And if you can relate that to next quarter, do you expect those same pieces to do well next quarter? You think it's going to revert?
Edward Fitzpatrick: So I'll give you a couple points of detail. They both did improve year-over-year. I'd say the Government improved a bit more. And I'd say the Government probably a bit better on the mix than on the Enterprise side. So a better improvement, I think, year-over-year in the Government. I won't get into the color. It can fluctuate, as we've talked about before, by as much as 1% quarter-to-quarter. We think it's stayed relatively stable. Year-over-year, we did have a nice improvement given the volume uptick, some favorability for sure in the throughput at the factory. So some favorability there. But mix probably really drove more of that. I'd expect it to be relatively stable in this range. We talked about margins be about 50%. That's the way I would think about it going forward.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: And what is that mix? When you say it's favorable, what products did better and which ones did worse?
Edward Fitzpatrick: I don't think we need to go to that level of detail. Because as I said, it's not going to be something that you can trend going forward. It will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. As you think about it, you should think about approximately 50% modeling as you go forward.
Ehud Gelblum - Morgan Stanley: Okay, I appreciate it.
Edward Fitzpatrick: Thanks.
Gregory Brown: Thanks, Hudi [ph].
Operator: And we'll go next to Brian Modoff with Deutsche Bank.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG: So guys, we could expect some type of decision around dividend, your dividend policy over the next 90 days or so, I guess, is one of the things you're saying. And then the second question is, what percent of your business -- your minuses [ph] is book versus ship on a given quarter? And then finally, in terms of North American Government, what percent of it is federal versus state and local?
Gregory Brown: So I'll take the first one and then I'll kick it to Mark to talk about the federal, state, local mix. As Ed appropriately walked through the framework for our thinking around capital allocation, and as we've said before, I mean, we totally understand that there's opportunities with the balance sheet given our total cash and our net cash position. We have pretty much satisfied the majority of the requirements that we were thinking about as we transitioned to the independent company. We made progress on our percentage of U.S. cash, up from 31% to now 35% of our total cash in the U.S. So we'll continue along the repatriation lines and look to increase that percentage. And as we've signaled before, we plan to pay down the $600 million debt note in November. Having said all that, there will be opportunities. We want to make sure that we continue to stay engaged with the rating agencies that we've talked to over the last 18 months, kind of giving them the milestones and signposts along the way up to separation and what we would do through separation. And then yes, within the next 90 days, we're going to give you some specificity around our thoughts and decisions around capital allocation. So I think we're in a good position. We acknowledge the opportunity is clearly there to return capital to the shareholders. And we've transitioned along the time line we've outlined, and I think it's going pretty well.
Mark Moon: So as regards to the Government business in North America, I think we've indicated in the past that it's about 58% of our total Government business. And of that, about 8% of that is federal. The remaining would be state and local and some level of commercial sales of those Government products. But so federal is a relatively smaller piece today of the overall North American Government market.
Brian Modoff - Deutsche Bank AG: And then in terms of your turns versus booked business in the quarter, given quarter.
Mark Moon: Right. So I think we talked -- Greg actually at the last call talked a little bit through that. When we go into a quarter, we go in with backlog visibility somewhere around 30% to 40%. And then if you think about our businesses, things like service, things like our personal communication radios, those things are fairly -- and it's fairly run rate that hits our Government. So very predictable. Then we come down to the business that you're really trying to get to, a quick turn kind of orders that we need to capture and ship in that same quarter. What we've said in the past, is that goal gets usually about 20% of our number.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Suva with Citi.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: Can you help me and investors bridge the news of the Government budget and hiring challenges? Meaning budgets are under pressure, but politicians really don't want to cut public safety and have a big backlash on their hands from the community. But yet we are seeing that the police and fire forces, instead of laying off employees, a lot of them are seeing lower enrollment in coming classes versus the retiring outgoing. So net, less individuals in the various public services for the fire, police and different forces. Will there be a lagging headwind at some point in the future from headcount reductions? Or does the systems implementation sizes trump this headwind? Or how can we think about bridging what we're seeing and hearing in the news everyday in your very strong results?
Mark Moon: I think that's a very good question and one that we get asked often times by investors. And the reality is we have been in a continuation over the last year to 18 months of reductions in headcount of public safety officers, policemen, firefighters. At the same time, as we've continued to show you, we continue to grow our business in the Government. We've had lots of conversations about that. In reality, I think it's tied to a couple of pieces. First, public safety. Even though we may be reducing headcount, I used the comment that one of the largest, major city chiefs said -- that said, "Even though we're being asked to do more with less, we've actually got to be better with less because there is no less expectation of the services we have to deliver to the citizens. So we've got to go invest in technology so we make the officers or firefighters that we have today more efficient and effective." So back to ROI, moving from the Enterprise space into Government, that's really happening. So we've continued to sell more and more technology into this piece to kind of augment the question that you asked around headcount reductions. The other piece, which I think is easy to say, "Okay, there is a policeman or a firefighter. And for every one of those, there's one radio." And fortunately, for us, in North America, that's true. And most of them are Motorola radios. But that's not really just the essence of what we do. When you think beyond today, we're really providing solutions. So there is computer-aided dispatch in what we call our integrated command center. There is other systems to actually manage and articulate data so you improve situational awareness. There's network components, there's video components. As we mentioned, broadband LTE. So it's much more than just thinking about "Do I equate the number of radios to the number of officers? And does that help me kind of forecast this business?" So I think, again, it's a challenge. I would certainly like to not see those numbers going down. But actually, it plays to something that makes us be able to leverage how the tools that we have make them more effective in those situations.
Jim Suva - Citigroup Inc: And as a follow-up to that, and then I'll be finished, is when we look at that shift, do you think that shift is more budgetary, the reduced headcount? Or is it just structurally? Because now, in technology, you have the ability to provide more services with less, given technology. What I'm wondering is just structurally, should we just build in that we should anticipate employee numbers just gradually being under pressure and going down over time because the infrastructure and the ability to do more with less continues to rise?
Mark Moon: I think it's strictly budgetary. I mean, all the police chiefs, the fire chiefs, the mayors, the governors that I have time to spend time with would prefer to, number one, increase productivity through technology, but also leverage more public service folks. No one is taking these reductions as, "this is something we would like to do." I think it is a necessity to do because of budgets. Thank you very much.
Gregory Brown: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Deepak Sitaraman with Credit Suisse.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG: Greg and Mark, first, just a clarification on the revised outlook. It sounds like your new guidance for the full year is based on a slightly better outlook for Enterprise and an unchanged outlook for Government. Could you maybe give us a little bit of color on the product or service areas or geographies, or even customer verticals within the core Enterprise business that are driving the slightly better outlook? And then I have a quick follow-up for Ed as well.
Gregory Brown: So I think that the improved outlook for the full year is because we are cautiously optimistic looking forward and we had a very strong Q1. Deepak, we do think that the Enterprise business has been fantastic. And that's even against -- that's these growth numbers against pretty high comps of last year as well. The retail vertical has been very strong. It's a leading anchor tenant vertical for us to begin with that positioned us with the acquisition with Symbol. But Mark and I were just with customers earlier this week, and a number of big box retailers, a number of home improvement customers -- there's a very favorable efficiency and return on investment characteristics of particularly Enterprise mobile computing and the deployment of wireless infrastructure that's favorable to us. The demand in Europe has been really strong and continues to be that. And we believe that between the backlog and the funnel of opportunities and the current customer engagement that, between that and the resiliency and consistency of Government spending, allows us to be able to modestly increase the full year. And by the way, I do want to say thanks, too, and I appreciate the kind words from many of you on the team. But our 23,000-strong associates worldwide have done a phenomenal job. The go-to-market team, the product folks, the supply chain organization could not be more proud. We've launched this business independently. We've been waiting for this a long time to come out of the gate strong and demonstrate the visibility and the uniqueness of what we believe to be Motorola Solutions' characteristics. And it's a great start.
Edward Fitzpatrick: Okay, and I think the only thing I would just add to that as we talked about on the call as well, we did expect iDEN to be down and we've talked about it being down but not quite as much. So that's also helping as well in the guidance that we've given you.
Gregory Brown: Good point.
Deepak Sitaraman - Crédit Suisse AG: Okay, that helps. And Ed, if I could, just a follow-up on margins. Based on your and Greg's comments earlier about margins and the Government business being roughly -- I guess, Government and Enterprise x iDEN being roughly comparable. First of all, it appears that the margin profile for the Government segment is lower than, I think, what we were previously thinking. Is this a function of how you're classifying certain costs? Or is this where it's always been? And then secondly, besides revenue growth, how should we think about the levels for margin expansion in the Government business?
Edward Fitzpatrick: So on the margins, let me clarify a couple things. We talked about the margins being comparable when you back out iDEN for Enterprise and Government. Remember, we guided full year operating earnings in the 16% to 16.5%. And we guided that, for the full year, we expected both businesses to be roughly in that space when you back out iDEN. So looking -- as you kind of look at our guidance for the full year, you could probably model it. You start out at a lower point, and we will expect the businesses to ramp from Q1 as we get into Q4, which we expect to be our biggest business. The margins will ramp really more based upon that as we expect gross margins to be roughly in the range that we talked about in the 50% range. As the sales grow, that will flow through to the bottom. We'll get the operating earnings to ramp up such that, for the full year, we'll get in the 16% to 16.5% range. Spending will be flat maybe to down slightly as we go throughout the year, right? You have merits, but will offset that with the cost reductions that we had talked about with the overhang. So maybe the numbers that you're seeing on Government are a bit lower than you've seen in the past because, remember, we had to reflect the impact of overhang in prior periods, and we're now getting those costs out, Q4, as I talked about last year, Q1 and Q2 of this year. So part of that ramp will happen because of the costs being taken out. The other part will happen because of the top line growth. I'll let Mark or Greg talk about the second part you had a question on was Government versus Enterprise growth and how that -- maybe I answered it with my question.
Gregory Brown: Yes, and I just think that we've said that you can think of this as Government growing in composite, kind of low- to mid-single digits, and the Enterprise as very high single digits. So you take those 2, meld them together to get the consolidated outlook. And as we continue to take cost out of the business, we're left with a pretty good operating leverage P&L. So as we can continue, get top line growth, there should be good flow-through given the cost structure.
Mark Moon: And in short summary, you kind of answered it, Deepak, yourself. I mean, I think we feel even more confident. I know I got a lot of questions when I said I was confident before about Government. More confident than ever on what we said about Government early on. And Enterprise in North America and Europe in particular has shown stronger growth. So you're right, we're just holding mostly Government where we've always said, but Enterprise looks to be even stronger.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Shep Dunlap, Vice President of Investor Relations, for any additional or closing remarks.
Shep Dunlap: All right, thanks. I want to remind everyone the details outline, highlighted items are GAAP to non-GAAP, P&L reconciliations and other financial information can be found on our motorolasolutions.com investor relations site. An audio replay, together with a copy of today's slides, will also be available on this site shortly after the conclusion of this call.  During this call, we have made a number forward-looking statements with the meaning of applicable federal securities law. Forward-looking statements are any statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Motorola Solutions, and we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed will be achieved. Any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our comments and answers relating to the following topics: the timing and planned sale of our Networks business; future strategic plans, potential cost reductions; the availability of Government grants and other funding and guidance for Motorola Solutions; earnings per share; future sales growth by segment, by region; future tax rate and cash tax rate; operating earnings; operating margins; profitability; expected cash position and repatriation; and return of capital to shareholders; and demand trends for Motorola Solutions businesses and products.  Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, Motorola Solutions' actual results could differ materially from those stated in the forward-looking statements. Information about the factors that could cause, and in some cases, have caused such differences can be found in this morning's press release on Pages 12 through 25 and Item 1A of our 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in Motorola Solutions' other SEC filings.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. A replay of this call will be available over the Internet in approximately 3 hours. The website address is www.motorolasolutions.com/investor. We thank you for your participation and ask that you please disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.
