===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-23 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently in listen-only mode, and there will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Chelsey Pulcheon from Lennox Investor Relations. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Margot. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us as we share our 2025 first quarter results. Joining me today is CEO, Alok Maskara; and CFO, Michael Quenzer. Each will share their prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A session. Turning to Slide 2, a reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation and the webcast archive link for today's call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com. Now please turn to Slide 3 as I turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning, everyone. Before we get into the details of our quarterly performance, I want to start by recognizing the incredible effort and adaptability of our team and the loyalty of our customers. The current trade environment has introduced several new uncertainties, and I'm proud of how our organization continues to respond with focus, agility and a commitment to improve our customers' experience. The ability to navigate these changes while staying grounded in our core values is what enables us to deliver differentiated growth in even the most complex environments. Let us turn to Slide 3 for an overview of our first quarter financials. Revenue this quarter grew 2%. Our segment margin was 14.5%, a decrease of 140 basis points. Operating cash usage was $36 million, which is typical, given the seasonality of our business. Adjusted earnings per share in this quarter were $3.37. We are seeing steady transitions towards new low GWP product across both Home Comfort and Building Climate segments. Current order rates in both the segments remain healthy as replacement demand continues to provide a solid foundation. In HCS, we did not experience much destocking in Q1, but continue to expect some destocking in the second quarter. In BCS, we had a slow start to the year, given the expected destocking and the timing of low GWP transitions. BCS margins were impacted due to short-term inefficiencies related to the manufacturing transition and new factory start-up. We now estimate that our full year adjusted earnings per share will be within the narrowed range of $22.25 to $23.50. This updated guidance includes all known and anticipated impacts of tariffs, including incremental price actions, inflation and potential volume softness. Now please turn to Slide 4 to review the tariff landscape and how it is influencing economic outlook in each of our segments. As we navigate the current global trade landscape, I want to highlight why we feel that Lennox is competitively positioned to deliver differentiated growth even during this period. Approximately 90% of our cost structure is in North America, which includes the USMCA compliance spend in Mexico. This spend is not directly impacted by tariffs but faces indirect tariff impacts, including price of commodities such as steel and aluminum. Approximately 10% of our spend faces direct impact of tariffs, and about half of that spend is from China. Our exposure to China manufactured products has been declining over the past few years, and the JV with Samsung is another big step towards reducing our exposure to tariffs on imports from China. We are actively pursuing longer-term tariff mitigation strategies, including production shifts to better serve our US and Canadian customers. We are also working closely with our supply partners on tariff sharing models and leveraging more US-based components to enhance flexibility within our North America network. Anything we cannot mitigate through these measures is being offset by pricing adjustments or surcharges. Majority of our manufacturing and distribution is in the United States, giving us the resilience and flexibility to win during these tariff and regulatory changes. We continue to invest in our supply chain with increased manufacturing capacity and by dual sourcing key components. The competitiveness of our supply chain is significantly stronger than it was during prior disruptions, including severe weather events and the pandemic. Through all of these, our focus remains on being a reliable and a transparent partner to our customers. As the trade landscape continues to evolve, we are confident in our ability to adapt while continuing to drive long-term value for all our stakeholders. In addition to the evolving tariff landscape, we are also closely monitoring key macroeconomic factors affecting both our Home Comfort and Building Climate Solutions segment. In HCS, consumer confidence and mortgage interest rates continue to influence homeowner decisions, particularly around new home construction and large renovation projects. Our replacement demand has remained relatively stable. And to date, we have not observed any adverse trends in the repair versus replace trade-off. In our BCS segment, monthly order rates improved sequentially as destocking ended during the quarter. Our full life cycle value proposition for key account continues to gain traction, resulting in incremental share gains. We are driving positive momentum due to increased availability of our emergency replacement products. But at the same time, we are mindful of potential delays and project slowdown related to both tariff impacts and the transition to new low GWP products. I will now hand it over to Michael to walk you through our financial results and full year guidance.
Michael Quenzer: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. In the first quarter, we experienced complexities driven by the regulatory transition and rapidly changing tariff implications. Despite these challenges, we had solid execution and achieved a 2% revenue growth driven by favorable mix initiatives from our new R-454B products. These initiatives are progressing as expected and are poised to deliver more growth in the coming quarters. Segment profit was $11 million lower than the prior year, primarily due to the timing of LIFO accounting for tariff-related costs, which were recognized ahead of benefits from pricing actions. Additionally, BCS faced cost headwinds due to expected inefficiencies from the new factory ramp-up and regulatory transition, coupled with increased investments to support our emergency replacement growth initiative. Let's now turn to Slide 6 to review the Home Comfort Solutions segment performance. Home Comfort Solutions delivered another solid quarter, successfully managing challenging end markets as the industry transitions to the new low GWP equipment. This transition is progressing as expected, and our R-410A inventory levels are nearly depleted. Sales increased by 7%, driven by positive mix as approximately 50% of our equipment sales in the quarter were the new R-454B product. Price yields for this product were in line with our 10% expectation. Sales volumes were flat to prior year as the destocking headwinds from the fourth quarter of 2024 prebuy were offset by stocking of the new R-454B products. Operating margins declined due to tariff and commodity-related cost inflation as well as investments in distribution designed to enhance product availability. Moving on to Slide 7. The Building Climate Solutions segment experienced a 6% decline in revenue, with sales volumes down 9% due to expected destocking and delays in customer orders caused by the transition to the new R-454B product. Our emergency replacement initiative is showing steady progress, driving growth in this specific revenue segment. Additionally, our emergency replacement inventory is well positioned for the upcoming summer season. Although we encountered some customer order delays with the new R-454B product, the mix yield achieved on this new product met our expectations. Segment profit decreased by $25 million due to tariff-related cost headwinds, anticipated factory inefficiencies and increased SG&A investments to support our emergency replacement growth initiative. Turning to Slide 8. Let's review cash flow and capital deployment. In the first quarter, operating cash outflow was $36 million compared to $23 million in the prior year. This increase was primarily due to inventory investments aimed at enhancing customer experience through better fulfillment rates. After several years of significant capital expenditures to expand factory capacity, capital expenditures have now moderated in line with depreciation. We continue to prioritize our capital expenditure investments in front-end digital systems and initiatives to improve the efficiency of our distribution network. We maintained a strong balance sheet with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 0.8 times, an improvement from 1.4 times in the prior year quarter. Amid ongoing global macroeconomic uncertainties, we remain committed to preserving a disciplined leverage profile while supporting strategic bolt-on M&A opportunities and efficiently returning excess capital through share repurchase programs. If you will now turn to Slide 9, I will review our 2025 full year guidance. Based on the first quarter results and the latest end market outlook, we are confirming our revenue growth of 2% and raising the lower end of our adjusted EPS guidance to $22.25 from $22. Consequently, our adjusted EPS guidance range is now $22.25 to $23.50. Since our last guidance, we have three key assumption changes. First, due to the tariff-related costs, we now expect our total cost inflation to be 9% compared to our previous guidance of 3%. This includes estimates for both direct tariffs and the secondary effects of tariffs on our suppliers. Second, to mitigate tariffs, we have implemented two new price increases effective early in the second quarter, which will boost our price gains to 7%, up from the previous guidance of 1%. Finally, due to the possible macroeconomic weakness and BCS order delays in the first quarter, we now anticipate sales volumes, excluding the impact of the 2024 prebuy destocking, to decrease by 4% compared to the previous guidance of a 2% increase. With that, please turn to Slide 10, and I'll turn it back over to Alok.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Michael. Nice job. To close, I would like to highlight why Lennox remains a compelling opportunity for all our stakeholders, even amid today's uncertainties. The attractive growth of our industry, supported by steady replacement demand, provides a strong foundation for our growth initiatives. These initiatives drive growth through enhanced customer digital experiences, expansion in the ductless market via our Samsung joint venture, new capacity for commercial replacement products and the continued growth of our parts and services portfolio. We continue to expand our resilient profit margins to fully capture the benefit of being a manufacturer and a distributor through pricing, productivity and mix optimization. Our recent investment in upgrading our distribution network will further increase customer satisfaction while expanding our profit margins. Our commitment to consistent execution has been evident in how we have managed recent regulatory transitions while gaining share and expanding margins. Over the past few years, we have also delivered higher fill rates and Net Promoter Score, strengthened by customer experience and reduced customer churn. These wins are supported by the continued rollout of our Lennox Unified Management System, which provides a structured operating framework that drives accountability, process excellence and continuous improvement across the entire organization. We are making meaningful strides in advanced digital technology to upgrade both our product offerings and how customers interact with us. Upgrades to our e-commerce platform have simplified the customer journey, increased loyalty, and AI capabilities have improved attachment rates. We are also strengthening our competitive differentiation by leveraging our proprietary data assets. These proprietary data assets are best-in-class within the HVAC industry, given that we have been both a manufacturer and distributor for over 130 years. At the same time, we are broadening our ducted and ductless heat pump lineup to meet rising demand and are continuing to embed intelligent diagnostics and controls into our systems, helping our customers operate more efficiently and with greater confidence. Underpinning all of these investments is our talent and culture. Our high-performing team is grounded in our core values and guiding behaviors. Our pay-for-performance structure reinforces alignment, empowering our teams to focus on the levers that drive profitable growth. As I look forward, I remain confident that our best days are ahead. Thank you. We will be happy to take your questions now. Margot, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning, everyone, and good job with the script, given all the moving pieces. I wanted to start with the commercial.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah, of course. I wanted to start with the commercial, which was the surprise for the quarter. Just talk about the order delays that you saw. Why was that? And then more importantly, are we past that issue? It sounds like orders have improved. Is that the right read?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. I think, Ryan, that's the right read. We had a very slow start, and we talked about destocking in commercial, but it happened sooner than we had anticipated. And essentially for the first few weeks of the quarter, everybody was waiting for the new products to get established, get their tools upgraded and people were just finishing up the jobs with 410A. But order rates improved sequentially. Our productivity also took a hit as changing these lines from 410 to 454B while moving some lines from Stuttgart to Saltillo, all of that, we were able to do because of the slowdown or pause in some of the sales. But yes, it's largely behind us. I would expect some inefficiencies to continue in Q2 but then we start lapping the startup costs that we were having last year. So I would think of it as more of a onetime event with some inefficiencies carrying into Q2.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. Helpful. And then my second question is just on the outlook. And I realize there's a lot of uncertainty, but can you talk about the decision to lower the resi volume to now, down mid-single-digits versus flat prior? And then commercial, same thing, down low single-digits versus up mid-single-digit prior. Just curious what the drivers are? And are you seeing any of that slowdown in April or are you just trying to get ahead of expected slowdown?
Alok Maskara: We are trying to get ahead of the expected slowdown, if there is any. We have not seen any slowdowns. In fact, Michael and I were checking our orders and everything right before the call. No, I mean, we have not seen any slowdown. We just read the same news you guys read. And if tariffs slow down the US economy with inflation, we are just prepared for that. I mean, it's highly uncertain, as you said. I think the core assumption which we stand behind is that if inflation and pricing causes any macro slowdown, like, you know our results are still going to be managed as we offset tariffs with pricing and volume declines will again get offset because we have additional pricing that will take effect. But our visibility is no more than anybody else's. And just to go back, we have not seen any slowdown in either of the segments right now.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thanks, Alok.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: A couple of follow-ups for me on some of the same themes. First, on pricing, Alok, you -- or perhaps it was Michael in the prepared remarks, mentioned there were two increases effective early in the second quarter. What additional detail can you give us there? And did I correctly hear you say, Alok, one is more meant to offset tariffs? And one is more meant to offset volume declines? Or maybe I misunderstood there?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. So let me just clarify. So yes, we have done two price increase. I think the first one which is already in effect was done to offset changes in pricing for aluminum, copper. And I would call it that was to offset indirect impact of tariffs because tariffs was still a moving bogey at that stage. So that's in effect, and we have seen a good stick rate I think of mid-single-digits across both the segments. Second one which we announced last week is to offset the direct impact of tariffs, and that's another mid-single-digit price increase. Change is a little bit based on the product types but again, mid-single-digit overall impact. None of them, of course, is for volume softness because our customers are -- continue to buy, and we have to look at this purely to offset the cost impact of that. So two price increases, both mid-single-digits, and so far, pleased with the stick rate. And it's consistent with what we have seen other industries and the competition do as well. So from our perspective, this is all about just staying neutral and maintaining our margin profile.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Alok. And then on the new volume assumptions for Home Comfort Solutions for the year, moving from flat previously to down mid-single. What can you tell us in terms of sell-in versus sell-through? Are you assuming balance there, new home versus replace market share assumptions? Any other key inputs into that new outlook would be appreciated. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Let's start with the new home construction there, Tommy. We are assuming new home construction is going to be worse compared to what we had predicted when we gave the guidance earlier this year. So I think that's something. And we can see that from the start, some other pieces. So think of that as a little bit more data-driven versus like driven by future news and future expectations. We maintain the fact that there's going to be some destocking in Q2. So yes, we do expect there's delta between sell-in and sell-through. And we think that's going to largely happen in Q2 as 410 inventory depletes. Beyond that, there's just conservatism built into it based on everything that we are seeing, whether it's about reduction in forecasted growth rate. But there are just so many swings, Tommy. If we want to go be wrong, we want to be wrong on the conservative side, especially given some of our pricing actions.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Alok. I’ll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Hey. So I guess on the destock being more 2Q than 1Q, just any reason why that is? And I think you had said early on, the prebuy was pretty substantial and maybe you backed off of that and it was more share. And I didn't know if any of that change is reflected in the outlook?
Alok Maskara: Yeah, I think us, especially, we had a lot of 410A inventory remaining. So Q1, a lot of the sales were 410A. That's the reason we didn't see a significant impact of prebuy. Our view -- we haven't changed the numbers because remember, we talked about $125 million or so of prebuy. We talked about $25 million or so was probably commercial, $100 million or so residential, all with lots of -- like ranges and approximation error bars. I think the commercial is behind us. I think that's what we saw in Q1. Resi, we didn't experience it. So either it was mostly share gain, and there was no prebuy impact, which is highly unlikely. I still think there was prebuy and we're going to experience that in Q2 as others start depleting their 410A inventory. On the positive side, majority -- vast majority of our sales are now all 454B. And even the quarter in Q1 was 50-50. So it's been a smooth transition. It's been a good transition. But we are prepared for any prebuy impact in Q2. If it turns out to be share gain, then good for us.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then the tariff impact in 1Q seemed to be a little bit more than kind of what other companies are saying and just given that people have inventory. I didn't know how much of that is the initial Mexico-Canada tariffs that were higher, but now we have USMCA compliance kind of exclusion. So I'm just wondering, obviously, a lot of moving pieces, but is there a chance that maybe that US-Mexico impact gets better not versus 1Q?
Michael Quenzer: Jeff, what we saw in the first quarter was a little bit higher than others because we do LIFO-based accounting. So we expensed that almost as incurred, but we saw that mostly from Mexico on copper -- or on aluminum and steel tariffs coming through Mexico is where we saw that.
Alok Maskara: I hope you never have to use the word LIFO on an earnings call again, Jeff, but that's basically what it was. We do expect the impact of tariffs, assuming the rates don't change, to keep going down as our mitigation actions start yielding results. Right now, these are sort of unmitigated numbers that we got impacted by in Q1.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks for the help, guys.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, good morning. Just on the inflation guide and going from 3% to 9%, can you unpack that a little bit from a dollars perspective? And just sizing the dollar impact tied to metals, the dollar impact to China, anything else? And as we think about really trying to tie that to the pricing response to it. And then if you see any changes to tariffs kind of what that could mean for price?
Michael Quenzer: Sure. So overall, it was a 6% increase in the inflation guidance, predominantly on our total costs. So think of cost of goods sold plus SG&A. So about $4 billion of spend there annualized. The balance of the year, it's something less than that. So if you apply that 6% to $4 billion for the full year, it's about $240 million of additional cost. And a good portion of it would be China, where you can see our exposure is 5%. That cost has obviously doubled with the tariff. The balance is mostly related then in Mexico around steel and aluminum. And then we do see some secondary inputs into the United States. So even though we supply from a US supplier, they have tariff implications that we've made some estimates in there as well. But a good -- nearly 50% is almost related to China, which we continue to monitor, and we'll see how that progresses and do pricing adjustments, if necessary.
Joe O’Dea: And sorry, just the pricing that's been put in place in response to that, is that in any way tied to tariffs, such that if there's a change in the China tariff rate, that pricing changes? Or those are kind of list prices and you'll decide what to do based on how tariffs change?
Alok Maskara: No, there will be some correlation, right? I mean we're trying to be fair to all our stakeholders. So the second tariff that went into effect, some of that's through surcharges that could get withdrawn if the China tariffs go away or changes. So I think there's going to be some impact of that. And then we think from that perspective, our volume assumptions will turn out to be more conservative if the China tariff goes away and some of the economic impact of that is over as estimated in our guide.
Joe O’Dea: And then last one, just what is it that you source from China? And how does your China sourcing compare to competitors in the US? Overexposed, underexposed? Or are you seeing kind of similar type of exposure that require similar type of pricing?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. It depends on the competition, maybe much longer discussion. I mean, I'll tell you what we source are typically like a lot of electronics for our control boards. We do buy some motors from China. We do buy some of the smaller components, like parts and accessories from China. We don't source things like mini-splits that we used to source from China. That's our move to Samsung, who makes it in Korea. Given that and given what we know, we think we are underexposed to China versus other competition just because we've historically been a more US manufacturer. And over the past three years, the China spend has come down substantially. I mean a few years earlier, that would number would have been 3 times to 4 times as much. But we were focused on dual sourcing and near sourcing pretty aggressively over the past three years. So can't say for sure, it depends on the competition. But we also feel very confident that many of these products have alternate suppliers and we have mitigation strategies in place to continue reducing that number.
Joe O’Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So I think I'd like to start just on the Building Climate Solutions margins. I'm trying to think about how these margins will progress sequentially as the year goes on. So if you take a look at Slide 7, clearly, you've talked about the LIFO impact, product costs and other was roughly a $22 million impact. How does that look sequentially as we head into 2Q? And then if there's any other color you can give me on the rest of the year, that would be helpful.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I'll start, and then Michael will give you exact numbers. I would look at primarily these things as short-term inefficiencies related to manufacturing moves. Remember, we did a lot of moves in Q1 from 410A to 454B, moving some of our standard products to Saltillo, focusing Stuttgart on retooled machine so we can do configured products and create capacity for that. So I would say that is short-term inefficiencies that continue winding down. Now as you do it sequentially, and Michael will get into this with you in a minute, is remember, last year, factory start-up happened mostly in the second half, starting in Q2. So we started lapping some of those inefficiencies. By the end of the year, we should close at zero inefficiency. I mean, that's our goal. Michael, anything to add to that?
Michael Quenzer: So, Alok mentioned factory inefficiencies that will start to go. The other thing is we'll start to experience a full run rate on our mix. We'll start to transition more in the second quarter. We'll lap some of our year-over-year investments that we started to do last year within SG&A and then also expect to have some volume benefit in the second half of this year from the emergency replacement initiative. All of those should sequentially help margins.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. That's helpful. Maybe just a follow-up on that. Then as you're kind of thinking about second quarter specifically and the margins, like it sounds like there's still going to be a little bit of inefficiency there but like the margins should get materially better sequentially versus the first quarter. Is that a fair statement?
Alok Maskara: Yeah, I think that's a fair statement. Like, I hate to give quarterly guide. And with factories, you can't predict exactly which week things start getting back to normal but we have seen improvements and they'll sequentially get better.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Great. All right, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we'll take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Hi, thanks, good morning. Alok, I apologize, and you just said you don't like to give quarterly guidance. Just given the kind of the second half, first half dynamics and the kind the beat through from 1Q to 2Q, I was just curious if you were to like try and ring-fence the 2Q EPS versus the full year? And if you just eyeball the past 10 years, like low 30% percentage would be about the right number. Is that sort of the ballpark?
Michael Quenzer: I think maybe what we'll do is we'll speak toward the first half, second half revenue guidance. I think in the last earnings call, I said about 45% first half of the year for revenue seasonality, 55% second half. It still feels that that's appropriate. Think that implies about a kind of a flat revenue in the second quarter. As much as we can see right now, that seems like a good guide.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks, Michael. And then just thinking about the A2L, there's a lot of chatter out there about shortages on the -- more on the refrigerant side than the equipment side. Just wondering kind of what -- how that's factored into your sort of second quarter perspective?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. We have -- I mean, I think the first part of industry, all the equipment manufacturers did a good job. So there's no shortage in equipment as you said. Where there is shortages in the retail service canister for R-454B, I think that's transitional migratory issues. Like, we are taking countermeasures, so are other manufacturers. There's enough refrigerant available in bulk situation. It's just not available in smaller packages. I don't think it fundamentally changes the demand profile, nor does it change anything else in the long-term. In the short term, they're just a skirmish to get those equipment for servicing. Now in practical perspective, our units are precharged. So if the installation is done right and in normal circumstances, you do not need this. It's mostly for service and repair. But it's more about dealer getting confident and not wanting to do a re-run. I expect the industry to be normal by the time we're talking again at the end of Q2 and beginning of Q3.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That’s great. Thanks, Alok.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe just a first question on the operating margin outlook, just total company. So I think before you said the core assumption was flattish for the year as a whole. It seems like that's still -- I think the framework -- but just wanted to check on that. And when we're thinking about the sort of rate of change year-on-year, if you're flat for the year and down 140 bps or so in the first quarter, I think you mentioned a steady improvement. So is the way to think about that sort of flattish margin second quarter year-on-year and then you get that growth in the back half? Is that the right dynamic on operating margins, just kind of thinking about tariffs and the Mexican plant ramp-up and so forth?
Michael Quenzer: Yeah, I think that's pretty much implied in the guide. Right now, we're assuming about flat margins full year for the enterprise. That would assume about a 50 basis point improvement in the balance of the year, mostly around BCS. I mentioned a few of those initiatives that live margins will expand their mix kind of year-over-year investments tripping those as well as some volume gains as well as factoring efficiencies. That's really where the margin gain is going to happen in the balance of the year is on the BCS side.
Alok Maskara: Yeah. And, Julian, if I could add to that, the good or the bad news here is that this is all internally caused pain, right? I mean it was our manufacturing moves, we knew this was going to happen. And it's all internal factors that we can fix. It's not related to external factors. We are actually pleased with the pricing stick rate. We are pleased with how we are able to pass on tariffs. This is simply like our ongoing issue, which we talked about last year as well. Starting a new factory, moving production, we're just doing it cautiously to make sure there's no supply chain disruption. So overall, I'm not concerned about any long-term challenges here.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just my second one, just trying to circle back to the Slide 9, which is very helpful and the pieces there on the price assumption going up 6 points from previously and the volume assumption coming down, I think, 6 points from previously. So just thinking about those two moving pieces, I think part of it is an anticipated deceleration in broader sort of macro and so on. But just trying to understand, are you just assuming sort of one-for-one offset or elasticity there of higher price equals the volume reduction or is there some other items in there that we need to think about? And just what's the historical experience around price elasticity of volume demand, if you could give us any color there?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Julian, it turns out that they turn to be nearly equal, as you said, roughly 6%, right? But if you take the volume piece and we get deeper into that, we have taken a significant slowdown in new construction, both in HCS and BCS, and we see some of those signs already in industry data. Rest all, it was based on consumer confidence softness, mortgage interest rates and all the other things we see around decline in consumer confidence. Our products are mostly replacement, and they are like a necessary must do have. So, the impact to us is going to be lower than some of the other discretionary spend since it's not discretionary. But we sort of took all of that and given limited visibility, we just wanted to draw a line in the sand and have that dialogue that we're having right now. I mean this could all change if the China tariff gets withdrawn tomorrow and the impact is less, and then we would look simply look at lower pricing and higher volume in that case. We just want to give you a framework to analyze and get our thoughts together.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone. I just want to come back, just thinking about the destock happening or continuing into Q2. On a kind of a gross dollar basis, I mean, your sequential inventories to me don't look too different than what's normal. So I just kind of want to understand the view on the Q2 destock, right? You're out of 410A, you're selling 454B now. So your view is just in the channel, there's still excessive inventory that kind of backs up to you on the demand side in Q2? If you could elaborate on that at all, I'd appreciate it.
Alok Maskara: Sure. So, Jeff, I think your last statement is what we are trying to reflect is that in the channel, which, remember, 30% of our sales are through indirect/go through distributor. In that, we believe there is 410A that everybody will try and get out of in Q2. And they may pause ordering 454B product, especially given Q2 is heavy, and that's where sort of the cooling season typical seasonality works. A lot of the distributors are going to try and run the entire cooling season with 410A if they have enough inventory. Because remember, it's still lower cost to them. So that's out of the assumption. We don't have any further visibility compared to when we spoke last year where we said, hey, overall 125, BCS, roughly 25. That, we are confident, is behind us. HCS is 100. It's going to be less than 100 because some of it was share gain. And when we shake start by the end of Q2, we'll have greater visibility. But we do think there's some impact or air pocket in Q2 as distributors run out of 410A, and only then they start entering 454B.
Jeff Sprague: Yeah. It doesn't sound like there's any reason to believe, though, they make it through the whole season on 410A, right? There's just not enough out there. So I guess a lot of this hinges on just doesn't get hot and all those sorts of things in terms of when they pivot back to kind of refilling on 454B. Is that the way you're thinking about it?
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. There's also a rule within the transition they have to sell by the end of the year. So I think that also helps to make sure that this is all going to sell through. We expect it to sell through in the second quarter into third quarter.
Alok Maskara: And you're generally right, there's not enough 410A to last the entire cooling season unless we have a really, really cold summer.
Jeff Sprague: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we'll go to Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks. I was just going to follow up on Jeff's question. So can you talk about the behavior of the direct versus the two-step in 1Q? What the volume behavior was like in those two different parts of the Home Comfort Solutions?
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. So in the Home Comfort Solutions, in the first quarter, we saw total revenue up 11% in the two-step, up 5% in one-step. So we continue to see some of that sell-through of the 410A and the two-step in the first quarter.
Noah Kaye: Okay. And you're thinking that, that kind of reverses here in 2Q, just to unpack your prior comments?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. That's the underlying assumption right now.
Noah Kaye: Great. And there's a ton of moving pieces here. You guys, as others, have done a nice job of detailing your assumptions assuming the status quo, right? Can you help us understand what a scenario might look like if USMCA exemptions were no longer to be in effect, at least the kinds of discussions that you've had with customers around that and what we might expect to see from the company?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. I mean, that's a very hard thing to speculate on, but I'll tell you because there was certain days when we woke up and we thought that's exactly what's going to happen. And -- right? I mean, in our discussions that customers have in that scenario, there's going to be some mix impact because products made in the US, which, remember, we have a majority of our manufacturing still in the US would probably accelerate and products from Mexico, we will still offset it through productivity. Peso will probably decline. That will help us offset some of those bigger pieces there as well. And then we'll have to offset that price. So actually, that will make our mix go more towards premium products, which are more likely to made in the US, and those are higher margin for us versus lower tier products in Mexico. But there's going to be a series of short-term and long-term actions that we have already outlined and we kind of have it in our back pocket if that happens. And too early to kind of speculate through that. I mean, it's almost like we were hoping that's not the announcement that comes in while we are on a conference call. I mean, that was in Michael's and my worst nightmare, that there'll be a tweet that we missed while we're sitting on the call. But we have multiple scenarios planned. We have key action item planned. The team is very disciplined. The dealers have terms of confidence in us right now that we are doing the right thing by protecting their business, protecting the supply chain and being fair in passing on those costs as appropriate.
Noah Kaye: Yeah. If anything, the news we're getting this morning suggests we may be going the other way, which is a positive. So -- but I appreciate the thoughts, and thanks again.
Operator: And next, we're going to go to Chris Snyder with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Snyder: Thank you for the question. I guess just maybe on the topic of consumer elasticity in the repair versus replace. Of all the price that's coming through, whether it be the refrigerant changeover or the tariff commodity-related price, I'm just wondering how much is the homeowner feeling of that today? Because it seems like that is still a bit on the horizon for them. And as that cost -- or that higher price comes through, what do you think of the risk on a -- maybe a more significant volume response just as that price hits them? Or maybe it already has? Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Chris, I would say that the risk of homeowner price elasticity on replacement remains very low. A few things to keep in mind, right? The price that the homeowner sees is our equipment price, plus the installation, plus the access fees, plus the dealer profits, plus the distributor profit often. So if you pull all of that together, a 5% or 10% increase in equipment does not translate to 5% to 10% increase for the homeowners. In the past, sometimes, it was higher than equipment price increase as there was significant labor shortage, and there's a lot of consolidation on the dealer base. In today's tariff environment, I think it's going to be lower to the homeowner because there's no reason to markup labor and installation because those do not get impacted by tariff. So net-net, I don't think there's going to be a significant impact on the homeowner. This will remain a nondiscretionary spend. The impact that we are baking in is mostly around the new home construction in general, slowdown in home sales. Because some of the sales do happen post a home sale even if it's a used one. The repair versus replace, we called it out in the script. That is a possibility if consumer confidence goes much lower and people are going to be looking to save cost. And we monitor for that very closely. And so far, year-to-date, we have not seen any signs of that.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that. And then -- but I guess, just kind of following up, if you guys started shipping the 454B, it sounds like in maybe the back half of Q1. And then you put through the tariff-related price increases at the start of Q2, I believe you said in the script. Like, as that kind of flows through the channel and ultimately finds its way to the consumer, does that start hitting in Q2? Or do you think those prices start hitting in Q3? Because I know there's just some lag between when you guys sell it and it finds its way to the homeowner. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: It will start happening in Q2. It's already happening. Our first price increase is already making it to the homeowners, and we have seen no change in the demand pattern.
Chris Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. And next, we're going to go to Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hey, good morning, all. I wanted to come back to the commercial business and the R-454 transition delays. Was this solely product availability or are you seeing some price sensitivity on the new products and the price uptake there?
Alok Maskara: No, it was not product availability, at least not for us. And I think that's generally true for the industry as well, Brett. It was mostly driven by people finishing the 410A jobs and then getting their people/employees trained in the new 454B and some hesitancy when nobody wanted to be the first one to install a 454B on a rooftop and people are trying to make sure that the jobs when you do rooftop replacement that they have all 18 of the rooftop in 454B, they want to mix rooftops in there. So I think a launch of this was around key accounts planfully finishing up 410A. So, I'll put some of that in the destocking bucket, and some of that and just people wanting to make sure that there was availability of inventory and more importantly, trained technicians and sensors and tools and altogether. So we think of it in short-term air pocket. A little worse than we had hoped for, but not completely unexpected.
Brett Linzey: Got it. So more of a learning curve. And then maybe just on commercial volumes in the first quarter, the down 9. How did that track relative to expectations? And then maybe any color by vertical? I know the full year outlook for commercial, it does contemplate some accelerating in the two-year stack. Is that just the emergency replacement capture that you see ramping there?
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. Within the first quarter, about half of the 9% volume decline was the destocking. So that happened as expected. The rest was the order delays, which Alok just mentioned, kind of brought across most of our large national accounts. And then going forward, yes, we do expect to see as you get into the season, Q2 and Q3, we'll start to see that emergency replacement initiative start to pay off.
Alok Maskara: And if I could just piggyback on that, we are very optimistic based on the emergency replacement rollout, the pilots and the early signs that we have there. So that's one reason we are looking forward to more optimism especially on our piece, even if the industry has slowed down. Because for the first time in multiple years, we have the products in stock, we have our folks trained. We have delivered within a day and coursed back within two hours. So we're pretty optimistic on that right now.
Brett Linzey: Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: I'd like to circle back on the surcharges, it came up a couple of different times. And can you just clarify, when you talk about the two price increases, are those full pricing increases? Because the assumption is a surcharge gets rolled back at some point. So some clarification there. And when and how do you use surcharges?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. it really depends a lot on the business, but to be overly simplistic with the answer, think of the first price increase as a price increase, a traditional one, and the second one more as a surcharge, and I think the numbers will come down. So the second one, because there was mostly around the 10% global import duty and the China tariffs, we did that as a surcharge. Again, not all of it was a surcharge as some customer systems can't deal with surcharges but we would think of the first one is more permanent and second is transitionary/open to adoption and changes as a tariff environment adapts and changes.
Deane Dray: Okay. That's really helpful and thanks for that clarification. And then just to circle back on the emergency replacement, Michael said you're expecting the inventory is now in place. You got people trained. What is the timing of the lift that you're expecting? Like how much of your mix should it be on a run rate basis by year-end?
Michael Quenzer: Right now, it's still a very small piece of our business, but we're going to continue to see it grow. And again, it's a seasonal product. So as we get into the second and third quarter with the inventory we have, that's where we should really start to see some of that growth come in for the season.
Alok Maskara: Michael's right, overall remains a small portion, right? I mean a long-term growth aspiration start delivering results this year but this should be a tailwind for multiple years.
Deane Dray: Was it a cash flow drag in terms of positioning the inventory?
Alok Maskara: A little bit but the HCS and the others inventory kind of made up for it in terms of -- we were building up the 410A in the past. So it wasn't significant, Deane.
Deane Dray: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: I guess I also wanted to ask a follow-up on emergency replacement. You guys have been making the investment in the sales force. I think it was an $8 million drag in the first quarter. Are we kind of coming to the end of that sales force investment? Or is that something that's going to continue throughout the rest of 2025?
Alok Maskara: No, it's ended. We made all those investments last year. I mean, right now, it's more that the -- we did not have this investment last year. So on a year-over-year basis, by the time to get to the second half, we'll be lapping itself on the investments. But there's no more incremental investment required at this stage.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. That's clear. Thanks. And then just on buybacks. I saw you guys did like $85 million in the first quarter. Market has obviously been weak. I guess, how are you guys thinking about the rest of the year in terms of repurchase activity? Thank you.
Michael Quenzer: Yeah, sure. So we have programs to buy back for dilution. So that kind of continues on, and then thereafter, we're going to be opportunistic. We're going to continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions. And obviously, we're going to be very disciplined on that. And with share repurchase, opportunistic share repurchases will be a portion of our deployment strategy.
Alok Maskara: You can expect a lot more buyback than we did last year, especially at these prices, right?
Nicole DeBlase: Makes sense. Thanks, guys. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just trying to get a little bit more color on what's going on with this 454B refrigerant issue. Honeywell is out with obviously a pretty dramatic price increase, maybe that's what you're referring to on the retail side. But maybe just describe what you're seeing in the channel? And I guess you're saying that you do not expect this to impact industry volumes at all, given it's kind of, I guess, an aftermarket thing?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. It is an aftermarket thing. I mean dealers, it impacts dealers' confidence because they want to carry. So everybody might be experiencing different things, right? So let me just talk about Lennox. So we have no shortage of 454B for our production. And we're obviously working with our suppliers, the two suppliers we have to make sure that we get appropriate fair pricing because some of them are impacted on tariffs. And any indirect impact of tariffs through that is already captured in our overall inflation number. What we have heard from our dealers and contractors is there is shortage of retail canisters. So these are the Worthington-made tanks that they carry in their truck for service and repairs. They're not enough of 454B of those. I think that's where the shortage is. It's kind of unrelated to the Honeywell announcement, which also impacts the retail, and there's just a shortage of that, purely driven by filling capacity and purely driven by availability of tanks. And we think both of those should be behind us and the industry by the end of Q2.
Steve Tusa: So then what is the Honeywell price increase of -- the 40% increase they put through, like what is that related to?
Alok Maskara: It doesn't relate to us. So that's probably something different. You'll have to ask them, Steve, but it does not relate it to us. I mean we have contractual price that we entered in last year. So maybe it's applies to people who did not into contractual price or retail canisters.
Steve Tusa: Yeah. That makes some sense. And then just lastly on commercial. I guess you guys are saying this is temporary and not really a macro thing out there. Were there any particular verticals where you saw more of a prebuy than others or more of a kind of a destock than others?
Alok Maskara: We saw it pretty uniform across the different verticals. I mean, clearly, the retailers have more control over these projects on doing a full floor sweep. Emergency replacement, you can't really plan, just by the nature of that. So yes, it was on the key account and a full roof replacement. Our volume assumption and what we saw, we did build in slowdown in commercial new construction, which is only a small portion of our sales. Most of our sales are replacement. So that's why we sort of built in. And obviously, since we didn't have Q1, so we built in the Q1 impact into the full year guide as well.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color as always.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey, good morning, everyone. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Good morning, Alok. So it sounds like you've taken a few rounds of pricing actions so far, the latter in response to tariffs. Could you just maybe talk a little bit about how your pricing actions have been aligning with what you're seeing from your peers? I mean, would you say it's been a pretty tight range out there? Or are you seeing any notable deviations in pricing behaviors?
Alok Maskara: I think just like we have seen in the past, there's been a fairly tight range. Sometimes the announcements, language that is public could lead to a different conclusion. But when we get market intelligence back, I think everybody is in a very tight range here. And it's -- in some cases, we are at a competitive advantage. Since we buy our mini-splits from Korea, I think that puts us in a better position than others. But that's just more supply chain related impact-on-pricing. But if we bought stuff from China, we would do the same price increase as others are doing. So fairly tight range.
Damian Karas: Okay. Got it. That makes sense. And then just a model cleanup question here. So you saw a pretty nice step down in the corporate expense in the first quarter. Just wondering if there's anything to that? And what's a good way to think about that line item going forward? Thanks.
Michael Quenzer: Yeah, that's just related to some timing of the expenses and the allocation. So for the full year, still expected to about flat to slightly down to 2024.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox's 2025 quarter conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-29 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently in listen-only mode and there will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from the Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Angela. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we share our 2024 fourth quarter and full year results. Joining me is CEO, Alok Maskara; and CFO, Michael Quenzer. Each will share their prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A session. Turning to Slide 2, a reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation, and the webcast archive link for today's call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com. Now please turn to Slide 3, as I turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by expressing my gratitude to our 14,000 employees, our 10,000 plus dealers and all of our customers for their loyalty and innovation that enabled us to deliver an exceptionally strong finish to 2024. One of the highlights for 2024 is that for the first-time ever, Lennox delivered over $5 billion in revenue, and over $1 billion in adjusted segment profit. Another achievement in 2024 is that both our segments delivered double-digit revenue growth. In addition to delivering record results, we also made thoughtful investments such as starting a new commercial factory to create growth capacity. Let us turn to Slide 3 for the fourth quarter and full year 2024 overview. Adjusted earnings per share was a record $5.60 for the quarter and $22.58 for the full year. Core revenue grew 22% in the quarter and 13% for the full year. Our adjusted segment margin expanded 250 basis points in Q4, and 150 basis points for the full year to 19.4%. The team also delivered a record $332 million in operating cash flow in the quarter and $946 million in the full year. Michael will provide more details later in the presentation, but I want to highlight how proud we are of the work the team did this year to deliver significant year-over-year improvement in our cash conversion. Now please turn to Slide 4, as I review some of the drivers of our 2024 success. In 2024, we successfully completed the initial phase of our self-help transformation plan. The team's effort in '23, including pricing initiatives portfolio simplification and strategic acquisitions not only restored margins, but also established a strong foundation for an exceptional 2024. Our strategic initiative enabled us to successfully navigate the construction of a new commercial factory and overcome challenges associated with the refrigerant transition, showcasing our resilience and outstanding execution. In 2024, we continued making strategic investments while delivering impactful results, positioning us to continue our momentum into 2025 and beyond. We successfully navigated the manufacturing transition from R-410A refrigerant, effectively meeting customer needs and investments in sales and distribution channels elevated the customer experience. Our ongoing focus on pricing excellence programs partially offset the investments for improving customer experience. Our new commercial factory is now online and will be key to enhancing output and productivity. The AES integration remains ahead of schedule, exceeding the original value proposition. We maintained our strategic M&A pipeline and our disciplined M&A approach. The best deals for Lennox in 2024 were the deals that we decided not to pursue, thus safeguarding long-term shareholder value. Finally, by driving accountability through the Lennox unified management system, we ensured consistent performance. Before I hand the call to Michael, I want to extend my heart fill gratitude to Gary Bedard, President of our HCS segment since 2023, who has announced his decision to retire from Lennox. Gary's 26 year tenure at Lennox will leave a legacy that will continue to shape our future. We have initiated a search process to identify our next HCS President. I'll now hand it over to Michael, who will walk you through how we successfully invested in the business, while also delivering strong results.
Michael Quenzer: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. We are pleased to report our eighth consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year adjusted earnings per share growth. This quarter, we increased our adjusted segment margin by 250 basis points and achieved an impressive 22% revenue growth, resulting in 54% adjusted EPS growth. Our success was driven by volume growth in both segments as we continue to effectively manage the transition to low GWP refrigerants. As expected, customers pre-purchased R-410A equipment, which is estimated to have positively impacted revenue by $125 million and increased earnings per share by $1. Now let's proceed to Slide 6 to review the fourth quarter financial performance of our Home Comfort Solutions segment. The Home Comfort Solutions segment had an exceptional quarter, delivering 25% revenue growth, 67% segment profit growth and an impressive 550 basis point expansion in segment profit margin. Sales volume increased by 21%, driven by over 50% growth in our two step distributor channel, primarily reflecting the industry wide R-410A equipment pre-buy. Our one-step contractor channel also saw volume increase low double-digits. This was supported by better R-410A product availability compared to the broader market as well as some prebuy. After adjusting for the prebuy, segment sales volume still grew by mid-single digits. Pricing initiatives continue to progress well. Although, the impact to the quarter was limited, we have implemented price increases on our new R-454B products, and these initiatives are progressing as expected. Moving on to Slide 7. The Building Climate Solutions segment delivered a very strong fourth quarter with revenue growing 17%. Of this growth, 3% was driven by inorganic contributions from our APS acquisition. From an organic perspective, sales volume increased 14% during the quarter. This reflects early revenue benefits from our new Saltillo, Mexico manufacturing facility as well as some R-410A equipment prebuy activity. Segment profit increased by $8 million. However, profit margin declined due to $20 million in higher product costs related to new factory ramp-up activities and inefficiencies at our existing manufacturing facility. Production output continues to grow and is well positioned to support our 2025 emergency replacement growth initiative. Turning to Slide 8. Lennox delivered an impressive performance for 2024. We successfully navigated the low GWP Refrigerant transition, achieving notable volume gains. Our disciplined pricing strategy drove consistent quarterly price yields contributing to margin expansion of 150 basis points. While strategic investments for future growth tempered this margin improvement, these investments are expected to deliver significant benefits in the coming years, including sustained revenue growth and further margin expansion. Turning to Slide 9. Let's review our cash flow and capital deployment. While revenue and earnings growth were impressive, our cash flow performance stood out even more. As highlighted in the Q3 earnings call, enhanced working capital efficiency has been a key focus. We've made significant progress, particularly in accounts payable initiatives, resulting in a free cash flow conversion rate of 97%. This strong cash flow conversion comes despite capital expenditures exceeding depreciation by approximately $65 million. Capital expenditure investments in high ROI projects remain a core component of our cash deployment strategy. Over the past two years, capital expenditures have consistently outpaced depreciation. This trend is expected to continue in 2025 with estimated capital expenditures of $150 million. We maintain a robust balance sheet with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 0.6 times, down from 1.3 times in the prior year quarter. Our free cash flow deployment strategy continues to prioritize inorganic growth opportunities that deliver ROIC exceeding WACC within three years of acquisition. Additionally, we will continue leveraging share repurchases to efficiently return excess cash to shareholders. If you will now turn to Slide 10, I will review our 2025 full year guidance. Anticipating another year of profitable growth, let's begin with the table on the left, which summarizes our full year revenue growth drivers. Total company core revenue is projected to increase by approximately 2%. However, the 2024 prebuy will result in year-over-year revenue headwinds in both Q1 and Q4. We also expect a low-single digit increase in sales volume, driven by growth in our BCS segment. Additionally, mix growth from the introduction of the new low GWP products will contribute an estimated 4% to revenue growth. The phaseout of legacy 410A products is expected to conclude by the second quarter. Turning to the right side of the slide. We've outlined key cost assumptions for 2025. Inflation is anticipated to increase costs by approximately 3%. At the same time, we plan to make strategic investments in areas such as information system advancements, distribution growth initiatives, and projects designed to improve customer service. These investments will also include enhanced sales and marketing efforts with total investments estimated at approximately $25 million for the year. In terms of cost productivity, we expect to generate savings of $50 million as the ramp-up costs of our new BCS factory subside and material cost efficiencies are realized. In summary, even with the headwinds from the 2024 prebuy, we anticipate revenue and profit growth with profit margins relatively flat. We expect adjusted earnings per share to fall within the range of $22 to $23.50, and free cash flow is projected to fall within the range of $650 million to $800 million. With that, please turn to Slide 11, and I'll turn it back over to Alok for an overview of our 2025 priorities.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Michael. Let us revisit our self-help transformation plan which has been a cornerstone of our success since 2022. We transition from the recover and invest phase to the growth acceleration phase at the end of 2024. As we move through 2025 and into '26, we will maintain a disciplined approach to investing in the business while prioritizing growth. This year will lay the groundwork for the next phase of expansion supported by the momentum from share gains and new product introductions. Investments in digital customer experience are making it easier for customers to engage with us strengthening loyalty and satisfaction across all touch points. Our expanded heat pump offering supported by the Samsung JV not only broaden our product portfolio, but also position us to capitalize on growing demand for energy efficient solutions. Additionally, our focus on improving attachment rates for parts and accessories ensures that we provide a more comprehensive customer experience while driving incremental growth. An additional growth driver is our commercial emergency replacement program enabling us to better serve a significant segment of the market that we have been unable to fully supply in recent years. Second, we are committed to resilient profit margins. Benefits expected from the low GWP product transition, increased productivity from BCS volume improvements and material cost reductions, strengthen our ability to deliver consistent and reliable financial performance. Lastly, we will continue to utilize our Lennox unified management system to deliver superior execution with clear priorities. Defined M&A strategies, a robust distribution network and ongoing investment in customer satisfaction, underscore our commitment to operational excellence. As we look ahead, the investments made over the past two years set the foundation for growth in 2025 with a strong trajectory into 2026 and beyond as we move towards the expansion phase. With our collective commitment and strategic focus, I am confident that we are not merely executing a plan, we are creating a path for ongoing success. We remain confident in our long-term vision and given progress so far. We believe we will be within the 2026 revenue target range of $5.4 billion to $6 billion and at the high end of our ROS target range of 19% to 21%. The prebuy dynamics in 2024 will create impact in 2025, which is expected to normalize by the end of this year. Hence, we anticipate a stronger 2026 as our strategic investment expense (ph) continue to drive momentum. Now let us turn to Slide 12. Let me wrap up by summarizing the five reasons that make Lennox an attractive opportunity for all our stakeholders. First, we are 100% focused on North America growth end markets of HVACR and are accelerating growth through share gains. Second, we are expanding our resilient profit margins through pricing, productivity and mix optimization. Third, we deliver superior execution through the Lennox unified management system. Fourth, we are an advanced technology industry leader with high efficiency products and services supported by a digital customer ecosystem. Fifth, we win because our exceptional talent and culture is defined by our core values and guiding behaviors. Our pay-for-performance philosophy ensures that our internal goals are closely aligned with those of our shareholders. As I look forward, I remain confident that our best days are ahead. Thank you. We will be happy to answer your questions now. Angela, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning and congrats on the nice quarter. I wanted to start with the prebuy. It looks like it was a little bigger than maybe you were expecting. Can you just comment on what you saw and why that was? And then what does it mean for 1Q? I think it's really the question I have.
Alok Maskara: Hey, Ryan. Good morning. I don't think I heard the second part of the question properly. But the first part on the prebuy, listen, we are calling out $125 million in prebuy. As you can imagine, it's an estimate, you don't have 100% visibility into the number. And we know there was some cloudiness because we had temporary share gains that happened in Q4 as some of our competitors were out of product. So it's a little higher than we expected, but I would say it's within the range of where our expectations are.
Michael Quenzer: And then, Ryan, on the second part of your question, the impact to Q1, really the $125 million the pull forward into Q4 from Q1. So we'll see a headwind there. And then also, you'll see that in Q4 in 2025 is the year-over-year comps won't have that as well.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. So $125 million revenue in 1Q sort of the math. Then, the second question -- okay. And the second question is the flat volume outlook for the HCS segment, I mean I think it makes sense to be conservative, but just talk about some of the assumptions behind that.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty in the market, right? I mean you saw existing home sales are at a fairly low level interest rates, mortgage rates, they continue to be high. So based on what we saw in 2024, we continue to model a flattish industry volume. It may be a little conservative, but given the uncertainty in the market, just seem like that's the right assumption to make at this point.
Ryan Merkel: Yeah. That’s fair. Okay. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Ryan.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, good morning, guys. Great year. So look, historically, you guys have tended to guide very conservatively as I look at the components of this bridge in Slide number 10. It seems like, what you're baking in for incremental margins, if I just take into account price mix and inflation is very low, like, I'm calculating something that's like low double-digits. So just help me kind of understand number one, just like where you think there might be some potential cushion in the guide and how to think about that equation between price mix and inflation?
Michael Quenzer: Hey, Joe. I think there's some opportunity potentially that Alok just mentioned there on the volume. If interest rates go down, maybe the HCS volume could give us a little bit more that obviously would come through at 30% incrementals. But if you look at the overall guide, it does imply overall margins are approximately flat at 19.4%. The inflation assumption of 3% might come in a little less. But I think right now, it feels prudent to keep inflation up there. And then obviously, we as a group, are trying to drive as much productivity as possible. So from a cost productivity perspective, we're going to focus to drive a little bit higher if we can as well.
Alok Maskara: And I think the bigger issue here is the amount of uncertainty that's present. I mean if you look at noise around tariffs, if you look at noise around migrant labor and labor shortages for our dealers. And if you just look at mortgage rates, interest rates, I mean there's just a lot of uncertainty. So we went with a fairly wide range. I wouldn't call it very conservative, but I think it's consistent with what we have done in the past.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. That's helpful. And then as I kind of think through just the 1Q number, I think in answering Ryan's question. So the right way to think about things sequentially in HCS is you've got, call it, $125 million that goes away 4Q to 1Q. And then there's typically like, I don't know, mid-single digit sequential step down. So is the -- you're still assuming then organic growth in HCS in the first quarter. Am I thinking about it correctly?
Alok Maskara: Well, first of all, the Q1 is an estimate, right? Maybe only in January. Some of it could extend to Q2, depending on how dealers convert because we're now already selling the 454B equipment, and it just drawing like a line in the sand somewhere. But on your sequential question, maybe Michael can give you some...
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. I think that's generally close, but not all $125 million was in the HCS segment, some of it was in the BCS segment. But I think as Alok said it right, we did have a little bit of R-410A inventory going into the quarter. So some of this might kind of move into Q2, but predominantly will be in Q1.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Great. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We'll go next to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to switch tack for a second to the BCS segment and sort of the guidance there. I think people have been concerned about the revenue outlook there because you don't have AI exposure or what have you in BCS. And there are some question marks around the ESRA funding unwinding into 2026. So maybe just help us understand kind of what you're seeing in the BCS segment top line wise across different verticals, mid-single digit underlying volume growth assumption clearly speaks to, I think, a much healthier market than what a lot of investors have been thinking.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I would say from our perspective, the markets that we serve remain healthy. And at least this week on Monday, seek Chinese told us that it was good not to have data center exposure in our stock. So I think from that perspective, we are not terribly concerned its exposure there was low or slash zero (ph) to start with. If I look at our exposure. It remains in places such as retail, food service, warehouses, big box, DIY-type stores. And we see the replacement volume, which is primarily our sales, actually picking up now since we have made the conversion to 454, and some of these companies have been waiting to go to the new refregent before they put more sales. Second thing underlying our confidence is that clearly, we have a new factory. We were primarily supply constrained, not demand constrained, and that was still the case in Q4. So we do expect us to get more fair share of the market, including emergency replacement that we talked about. In terms of your funding for the schools, yeah, I mean, I've heard that concern just back for the IRA, but we see most of the programs continue to move forward and some schools are issuing bonds and other things. I mean, just keep in mind, this is a non-discretionary spend. In the air conditioning breaks, you can't run these schools. So from a nature of the replacement program and the non-discretionary nature that we look at, we don't see that as a much impact and that gives us sufficient confidence on our guide.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then just my second one, I don't really want to mention the P word, but if we're thinking about Q1 specifically, and it's been touched on a couple of times understandably. But classically, Q1 in recent years has been a sort of 16%, 17% of the year's earnings. So not a huge quarter and I understand there's some extra pressure right now because of the refrigerants change. But if we had to put a finer point on it, is the right interpretation maybe it's a couple of points less of the full year's earnings in Q1 than one would normally expect. And then we get the full sort of catch up in the rest of the year, particularly Q2 with a big mix tailwinds coming in.
Michael Quenzer: Yeah, Julian. I think I'd buck into a little different, maybe look more at the first half just because of the dynamic of things kind of shift in Q1 to Q2 with the selling out of the 410A. So from a revenue perspective, we think kind of the first half will be about 45% of the year, second half being 55%. This is a little bit different than the normal kind of 50-50. Second half of the year, you'll really start to see the mix benefit of the 454B product coming up as well as some more of the gains from the new commercial factory in the second half.
Julian Mitchell: That’s great. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Yeah. Thanks, Julian.
Operator: We'll go next to Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks very much. So, Alok, we've had a couple of years now of regulatory transitions where the company has executed well and really claimed the opportunity around pricing and share gains. You mentioned in some of the factors that went into your thinking did include potential tariffs and labor and other considerations brought about by the administration change. So how would you think about your opportunities related to that? And for example, if we do have tariffs on USMCA partners and others perhaps that could be a pricing opportunity, perhaps with your investments, there's some share gain opportunities there. The essential question is, how are you thinking about contingency planning and responding to any potential changes?
Alok Maskara: Sure. No, that's a great question. And things remain very dynamic, as you know. But if you take each of these, if tariffs come into more in China and less in Mexico, Canada, we would be a net beneficiary as we have done a really good job of reducing our supply chain reliance on China. And the fact that we did the Samsung JV also means that things like our mini splits are now coming from Korea, not from China. So I think that in hindsight, not just the benefit of Samsung's better quality product, but avoiding any tariffs coming from China would be a big win for us. So if there are tariffs coming in from Mexico, 40% of the industry capacity is in Mexico, roughly, which means we'll all have to work through offsetting with productivity, seeing the impact of any peso devaluation, but then offset with price. So we look at that price is going to be incremental to what we are positioned here. But clearly, there could be a delay in timing, given I'm not sure how much time we would have to react to any tariffs and tariffs announcement. On the labor piece, listen, there will be no impact to our factories. And obviously, we have a different type of employer versus people who might be doing construction or HVAC installs in the field. I think what does happened with that is since replacements require less scale and less labor versus massive repair. I think the repair versus replacement trend would probably continue shifting more towards replacement as the units are harder to repair, that requires much more skilled labor and not more labor versus higher ticket items such as full replacement. But from our contingency planning, we are staying close to our customers, close to our dealers, making sure that we can address any of those concerns and also continue to monitor tariffs and work on supply chain redundancies because we are now -- have a much heavier dual source focus than we had two to three years ago, giving us flexibility in supply chain movements. Finally, the last thing on the consumer side, which is probably going to have the biggest impact, we just need to watch consumer confidence, interest rates, mortgage rates and help our dealer offset any weaknesses that come in either through financing programs, either through really more education to the consumer and keep working with new homebuilders and others, which are more guaranteed volume for us. So I hope that answered your question, and it was a little winded.
Noah Kaye: No, it was comprehensive, and I realized I asked in some at of multipart questions. So out of respect to colleagues, I'll take myself offline and follow up then. Thank you very much.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Noah.
Operator: We'll go next to Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my question.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: I want to start on the topic of your 454B pricing. Are we still thinking 10% or maybe 10% plus, there's at least one OEM in the market that's less disciplined than that. And if we just look at the mix guide for Home Comfort anyway in the mid-singles range, maybe you could bridge us from whatever the 454 contribution is to how you get to that mid-singles.
Michael Quenzer: Sure, Tom. Yeah. I'll give you some more clarity on that. Yes. Our plan still is a 10% price increase on average on the 454B product and that equates to about 70% of the revenue in the HCS segment. And as we've been talking about, we're going to continue to sell through some 410A equipment in the first half of this year. So it will take a little bit of time to bleed into the 454B product. So we think about 65% of the full year will be sales of the 454B product. So when you kind of do all that math, it dilutes down to that mid-single digit mix benefit for home comfort solutions.
Alok Maskara: Yeah. And on the competitive question, Tommy, I mean, we have heard that too, but I also think we are talking about 2024 pricing because some of the OEMs released 454 in 2024, and we released 20%, 25% pricing. So we are optimistic that as we take this forward, all the OEMs will be our adjusting price in 2025, that typically happens in the first quarter anyway.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, both. And as a follow-up, I wanted to unpack the home volume outlook a bit. So where you've talked about the prebuy as a mid-single digit headwind and then the separate volume call out you have there is flat. I just want to make sure I'm interpreting this correctly, that for the volumes that you would report in your financials that you just add those two together. So it would be a mid-single headwind. Maybe you could just clarify how we should think about that?
Michael Quenzer: That's exactly right. That's exactly how to look at it.
Tommy Moll: Okay. And then if we take that mid-single headwind for the segment level, can you give us any sense of the sell-in versus the sell-through assumptions you're making there?
Michael Quenzer: I think you can see in the results in the fourth quarter. We were more impacted in that channel for the sell-in to the two-step channel. But we did see a little bit of a prebuy on the sell-through as well.
Tommy Moll: Okay. Thank you. I’ll turn it back.
Operator: We'll go next to Chris Snyder with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. Appreciate the question. You guys talked to $125 million prebuy in Q4. But if I kind of look at it next year, it's about a 2% headwind on a $5 billion plus revenue base. I guess does that imply that there's maybe like a similar amount of prebuy in the Q3 numbers as well or am I missing something in that math?
Alok Maskara: Yeah, Chris. This is a great question. So what happens is if you take that $125 million, first, we will get the destocking impact of that. And let's say that's in the Q1, Q2, and then in the Q4 time frame to Q4 2025, we will face difficult comps. So that kind of impacts you twice, right? So from that perspective, that's why the number seems twice.
Michael Quenzer: And then in Q1 2026, you'll get that benefit back.
Alok Maskara: Right. And one is the destocking and one is the comp impact, right?
Christopher Snyder: Okay. Thank you. I really appreciate that. So I guess the assumption is that there wasn't, I guess, a material prebuy impact in Q3? And then maybe just following up on that. I know it's kind of hard, I imagine to kind of triangulate and kind of pinpoint what the prebuy is. So I'd just be interested in how you guys went about doing it because obviously, a lot of focus on that in the '25? Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Great. But first of all, thank you for acknowledging and we admit that it is not easy, nor is it precisely accurate, right? We think we are directionally correct, not precisely accurate on $125 million, so -- but we just wanted to give a clean number. We did not encourage any prebuys. We did have last call on 410A. So that may have for some distributors in order to order prebuy. We remain fairly neutral. And now we did not switch all our lines over to 454B as some of our competitors did, and we only did that at the tail end of the year, and we delayed that as much as possible. I believe that led to better availability for Lennox products in the marketplace when it comes to 410A product. And that gave us share gain in addition to the prebuy impact that we are talking about. Our goal is, of course, to keep as much of that share gain as we can. But realistically speaking, we have baked in that we are unlikely to keep all the share gain that we had, had. And that's one reason we are being more muted in the volume outlook for 2025.
Christopher Snyder: Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: We'll go next to Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Yeah. First question is on the new commercial Mexico facility. So you're moving from the piloting to the production, you said its online. Are you able to quantify what you're embedding in 2025 in terms of the volume contribution and better throughput there?
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. If you look at the volume guide in BCS, we're up about mid-single digits. There's a few points in there for share gain, which would be predominantly related to the new factory supply improvement.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Got it. And I imagine that's a little more back-end loaded or should we think about that as progressing evenly through the year?
Michael Quenzer: A little more back-end loaded. I mean the season for emergency replacement is predominantly Q2 to Q3. So kind of starting more in late Q2 into Q3 is when it'll start to ramp up.
Brett Linzey: And then just a follow-up on the inefficiencies in the existing facility. Maybe just a finer point there. Was that Arkansas late in the year? And then any update on the status of those improvements into January?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Yeah. I think the existing facility inefficiencies were related to the startup as we got a lot of components from Stuttgart during ramp-up to send to Mexico and do trial runs and otherwise. But yeah, that was late in the year. And it was on the higher end of what we were expecting, so those inefficiencies, which obviously, we will capture back in 2025 as we are through the ramp-up phase. But yes, it was Stuttgart then the ramp-up vision in start, but Stuttgart was the bigger impact. The factory in Stuttgart is doing much better. And frankly, having the new factory in Saltillo means we are going to reduce the number of SKUs we manufacture in Stuttgart as some of the emergency replacement SKUs move over to Saltillo. So we are more optimistic on recovering. But as you know, that's been a difficult factor for many years. So fingers crossed, we are optic for this year.
Brett Linzey: All right. Appreciate the insight.
Operator: We'll go next to Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joseph O'Dea: Hi. Good morning.
Alok Maskara: Good morning.
Joseph O'Dea: I think, Michael, you touched on maybe the inflation has a bit of conservatism in there, but can you unpack that a little bit? That's 3% inflation, presumably cost across all costs. And so you're talking sort of labor materials, freight, kind of all in bundled. And anything in particular where you're seeing more of the sort of inflationary headwinds coming through?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. It's on average on all of our costs, we have about $4 billion of costs. We're seeing higher inflation in SG&A around health care and some of the wages that are more than the 3%, a little bit lower on the commodity side. But in general, it kind of blends to 3%. I think we'll continue to watch it and like I said, there could be some conservatism, but inflation definitely continues to exist and especially on some of the SG&A side.
Alok Maskara: And keep in mind that some of the tariff uncertainty impacts that as well. If there are tariffs on things like steel, then we clearly want to acknowledge that and be prepared for that.
Joseph O'Dea: Right. But I guess -- so the idea is that, that price in the revenue bridge of 1% compares to inflation of 3%. So you're not going out to the market and saying, we have a right to get more because the costs were getting burdened with.
Michael Quenzer: Correct. I mean we had some of that through the mix as well that we're getting a little bit better incrementals to cover for some of that, but we're also looking to drive more productivity as well.
Alok Maskara: And keep in mind, the 454B, we could have put in mix and price, you put that in mix. So you've got to think of a lot of that is covering inflation as well.
Joseph O'Dea: Right. Okay. And then just as it relates to that 454B price and the 10% you talked about, which I think is the HCS side, not the BCS side, but that 10% at what point in the year do you think you'll have confidence and visibility to kind of realization just when we think about the seasonality of the business, trying to understand kind of when you'd really get a good sense of that 10% sticking?
Alok Maskara: I think the mid to late Q2 when we'll get a good sense because we also -- make some of the OEMs have not announced their 2025 pricing. So that's when we get a good sense of it. But so far, the early signs are positive. I mean there's no reason for us to be concerned about it. The reason the impact is what we called out is it 70% or 70% of that 10%. So that's why you kind of see the numbers what they are, which means progressively as we go towards the second half, we'll have a greater portion of that getting captured. But right now, there's no reason to ever or be concerned with that number.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond: Just a few cleanups. So just on the Mexican production, you said industry capacity 40%. Can you just level set us on what your mix is? And if there's any particular OEMs you're aware have particularly lower mix versus the industry?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. I mean, I guess, we have just looked at all the different OEMs and looked at other reports and come with that number. It's -- I wouldn't say it's precisely accurate. It's directionally correct. For our perspective, we make the low end merit products in there. And we have been previously talked about if they are tariffs, we believe about $1 billion of ours. So 20% of our output would be impacted through that. since we make our premium products in U.S., and we also have three residential factories. Commercially, so far, all our production was in U.S. and not in Mexico. So we're just starting on that together. But we do know many of our competitors often sometimes in the same geographical area within Mexico that they manufacture in Mexico as well. So we think the 40% number is about right, obviously more skewed towards residential versus commercial.
Jeffrey Hammond: So you'd say today, you're probably below that industry average?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. Slightly below, but it depends on which OEM right? For some OEMs, we are significantly below. With some OEMs, we're actually a little bit higher. So it just goes OEM by OEM, yes.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Great. And then just on this distribution margin focus, can you just level set us on kind of progress over the past year what are some of the big opportunities this year? And do you think you start to move those margins up or is that a longer time frame?
Alok Maskara: It is over a long time frame, but some of the results that you see today are based on that initiative as well. So if you think about HCS, we did have a record ROS and you've followed us for a long period of time and that is consistent with us getting more distributor margins. I realize a lot of the incentive changes that we made and the reorganization that we did happen at the end of Q2 in 2024. So I think some of those results are just coming through. But that's a long journey, right? We've talked about manufacturers plus distributor margin is higher than our 2026 targets. So I think that continues beyond 2026. But progress so far gives us the confidence to say that we would be on the high end of our previously published targets for 2026.
Jeffrey Hammond: And what your parts and accessories mix today and what do you think entitlement is?
Alok Maskara: Hasn't changed much over the past year. I mean we remain at about 20%-ish in parts and accessories. I'm confident my entitlement is twice that much. But we've been talking about that for many years, and I think it's finally time to show some results over the next few months and years. But entitlement remains high and our current volume remains low.
Jeffrey Hammond: Great. Thanks, Alok.
Operator: We'll go next to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: A lot of ground has been covered here. But I guess maybe just some cleanups for me. How are you guys thinking about new construction versus replacement demand within HCS for 2025?
Michael Quenzer: New construction is about 20% of that segment. We think it's going to be kind of flattish, but the big driver there is going to be if interest rates continue to go down. If it goes down, we think that there's pent-up demand in that space for new home construction that could happen. But there's obviously some labor challenges as well on that side of the industry to making sure they can keep up with the demand. So it's mostly interest rate driven, but kind of flattish within the guide.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Understood. And then just thinking through kind of the margin dynamics by segments. I know you guys don't give official margin guidance by segment, but is directionally the right way to think about it, maybe HCF could be a bit more challenged year-on-year, given some of the prebuy in 2024. And then BCS should be up. And I guess, is it fair to assume that BCS sees more margin expansion in the second half as some of those new ramp-up costs roll off? Thank you.
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. That's correct. Overall, the margin guide is about flat, up in BCS, down in HCS. The larger portion of the $50 million of productivity will be BCS, which is a big driver of that margin expansion. That will kind of happen throughout the year, but the volume gains, the share gains will mostly be kind of in the second half for BCS as that factor ramps up.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks, Michael. I’ll pass it on.
Michael Quenzer: Yeah.
Operator: We'll go next to Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Michael Quenzer: Hi, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hey. I'll echo some of the previous comments you provided some really good calibration on what you think the prebuy was for you guys. And Alok, you expand a bit, you referenced some of your competitors who had stockouts because they switched over earlier. How much of a surprise was that? How tactical were you and how you positioned in the fourth quarter? And could you give us a sense of how the individual months played out? Was it a big like windfall in December or was it level loaded?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. First of all, we were not surprised that a competitor had a misstep almost always happens in any of these regulatory transition. But yeah, we were surprised as to which competitor had that misstep. I mean we would have expected somebody else to have it. So from that perspective, there was a bit of a surprise. How it impacted us was like we were fully loaded, and we had really high fill rates throughout. So we were able to capture additional share. And now the whole challenge is to take that share and make it more of a permanent share. And we know that's going to be a challenge, and we bake that in. In Q4, it was fairly even across all three months. And part of it was driven by just anything we could manufacture we were selling. So it was more constrained by manufacturing capacity and where we had different inventory station in our supply chain. Some of the temporary share gain did start in Q3. So I think you think from the share gain that happened. And we remain very optimistic that we'll convert a part of that to more permanent share gain. But tactically, our response was we were selective to make sure that customers that we took on were customers who would stay with us for more permanent and we're not buying from us just during the stock out. So I think we were able to gain some new customers and convert some loyalty from existing customers as well.
Deane Dray: Yeah. Let's be clear that that's a high quality problem to have to talk about temporary market share and windfall from a prebuy and a tough comp. So that's -- I appreciate all the calibration. And then the second question, Alok, can you expand on your comment where you said some of your best deals in 2024 were those that you did not do. Was it just a question of price, but I have a hunch, there's probably there was a data center opportunity that you passed on, but any kind of color there would be helpful?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Yes. There were data center opportunities that we passed on. There was international expansion opportunities that were passed on. There were some domestic consolidation opportunities that we passed on as well. It all came down to a very disciplined framework. I mean helps having a conservative CFO, to give Michael some credit for this, right? I mean we have ROIC target. We are kind of don't wear rose colored glasses to look at the industry and we feel that often, we can get more share with better execution versus going and buying share through M&A. So I think we were kind of proud of those calls. I was hoping somebody would catch on to my comment. We had a lot of fun with that comment when we were writing the script.
Deane Dray: All right. Good. I’m glad I didn’t let you down, Alok. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Alok, maybe can you just maybe just dig into the BCS volume guidance for the year, up in mid-single digits. Any way to quantify how much is baked in for the Saltillo ramp-up? And I'm thinking, is it industry flattish and that mid-single digits is all share gain? Anything there would be helpful.
Alok Maskara: Yeah. We think there's a little bit of market growth. And remember, we have 3 businesses, the service business, refrigeration and HVAC business. So a little bit of market growth, but about 1 or 2 points of that would be a share gain specifically around emergency replacement.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's helpful. And then just back to 410A. I don't know if you want to sort that your industry hat on, but if you had to have to guess on the excess 410A units shipped in 2024 would that be 1 million or any way to size that? And then just thinking about your inventory levels in 4Q. Obviously, a little bit higher Q-over-Q. I don't know, $25 million, perhaps higher than I would have expected. Is that a good way to think about the 410A inventory held at year-end?
Alok Maskara: So first of all, on the previous one, there are lots of industry reports and I will first admit I've no industry expert, but I think the units, our estimate range is from low end of $300 million, high end of $600 million. So it's in that number, not 1 million. So I think it's 0.5 million that we're talking about. So that's a range. And we think it's within that range and nobody has more insight to be more precise within that. On our own internal inventory, I mean, it was a case of two things, right? I mean, commercial, we are building a bit of inventory to get into emergency replacement, you need inventory positioned in the local market. So we are building inventory for commercial, and you will probably see that trend continue in Q1 because Q2 is our peak season. But that's probably driving the variation to your model there.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks, Alok.
Operator: We'll go next to Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Good morning.
Damian Karas: I wanted to ask you about the free cash flow guidance. So cash flow obviously came in a good bit better than you had expected in 2024. But the guidance for this year, the range is pretty wide. So could you just maybe spell out the moving pieces there?
Michael Quenzer: Yeah. I think if you look at it from a conversion perspective, the midpoint of our free cash flow guide to the midpoint of net income guidance is about 85% conversion. So a little below the compared to the 90% conversion that we've traditionally targeted mostly because of us having to reinvest in inventory, both in BCS and HCS as we depleted some of that as well as the capital expenditures continue to be a little bit higher than depreciation. But we think when we get back into 2026 and beyond, we're going to be well into the 90% again, high end of the range would obviously reflect just better performance on receivables and accounts payable initiatives that I'm leading.
Damian Karas: Got it. That's helpful. And then Alok, you talked a little bit before about potential policy implications from tariffs and immigration policy just curious, thinking about the pause on IRA funding, is that something that give you some cause for concern at all? Just thinking about like your 2026 targets and beyond and what that might mean for heat pump penetration, where I know you guys are very confident that you'll be gaining some share in the market?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. I mean I think the good news with the IRA pass that was not making a huge difference in our volumes in '24 or '23. We are also waiting for that to come through the states and come back to it. Now the tax part of it is already there, right? So the energy efficiency, rebased on tax, that has not changed. So no, I think the IRA has no whether it was paused or going on, did not have a material impact for us in '24 and not going to have a material impact in '25, even if it's paused. So it's a bit of a no news for us.
Damian Karas: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Alok Maskara: Thank you.
Operator: We'll go next to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tusa: Hey, good morning.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Tusa: So I just wanted to kind of clarify a couple of things. So are you guys still saying that there was no prebuy in 3Q. You're saying that most like the vast, vast majority came in 4Q?
Alok Maskara: Yeah. Yes, that's true, Steve. But also with the caveat that Q3, we did see some share gains, which we were calling the temporary share gain when some of the OEMs were not able to fulfill demand. But yes, otherwise, all of rebuy we expect was in Q4.
Stephen Tusa: And then on that share gain, do you think the share gain in 4Q was kind of like commensurate with that rate that you booked into 3Q or was there any difference because I don't think those guys kind of changed it. Maybe they didn't change your strategy a little bit, but do you think like commensurate split between the share in 3Q and 4Q.
Alok Maskara: No. I think Q4 was less. They did improve their position and then they launched the 454B and they were aggressive in the marketplace with that. So I think from that perspective, I think share gain was more of a Q3 story. It obviously bled into Q4. But towards the tail end of Q4, I think it was almost all prebuy.
Stephen Tusa: Right. So what happened was you guys, they didn't really have a competitive product. You guys shipped a lot of the 410A gained some share. And then when they came with their 454B, those share gains ebbed a bit. Is that kind of the right?
Alok Maskara: Yes, slowed down a bit. That's right. Yes.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then on the inflation numbers, the 3%, what is the hard number? Like what's the base on that? Is that like total cost just sales minus profit? Or COGS? Or what is the actual run rate like the actual number on that, the absolute number?
Michael Quenzer: The total cost sales minus profit, about $4 billion of cost.
Stephen Tusa: Yeah. Okay. That's super helpful. And then sorry, one more. just on Mexico. What is the plan for you guys? Will it be mostly price increases or can you shift some back here if they do go through with some of these things, which I'm not sure that they will. But if they do, will it be mostly price increased or can you ship some stuff back to the U.S?
Alok Maskara: So in the short term, besides any impact from peso devaluation and productivity, it will be mostly pricing. On the long term, if it is a long term, then yes, we'll start looking at looking at getting more in Marshalltown, more in Orange Book as some of these factories used to make this product. But to ramp that back up, it will take us some time.
Stephen Tusa: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate all the color.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning. Just one more on inventory, if I could, adjust it a little bit. But actually, your inventories relative to sales, right, were a lot lower than normal here in the fourth quarter, right? So obviously, you're blowing out 410A. But if I think about what you said about kind of some commercial inventory build and the fact that inventories look a bit low relative to sales in Q4. It doesn't really jump out to me that you have a lot of 410A left in-house to be pushing into the channel in the first half or the first quarter. Maybe can you just triangulate me on that? And a little bit more color on the position. And maybe a second part of that, too, Michael, sorry, just you did give us kind of the 45-55 revenue split. But I guess my question about inventory is going to you had over-absorption in Q4, obviously, under absorptions likely in Q1. Maybe just a little more color on how to think about the margin trajectory would be helpful.
Michael Quenzer: Sure. Yeah. I think it's a good point on the inventory. And what we're seeing is we did have some 410A availability at the end of the year, but a lot of that was pre-bought into Q4. So we'll kind of sell that through early into Q1, it will kind of start to mitigate and be gone -- fully gone by the second quarter. But I think that's really the depletion of that inventory. You're going to start to see going into the first quarter. And then on the absorption side, you're right, we will -- could start to ramp up the new 454B product in the first half of the year, and that should give us access to some more tailwinds in HCS. On the BCS side, though, we're going to have unfavorable comparisons in the first half as we continue to launch that new factory. Second half of the year, you get a lot better productivity from that absorption on BCS.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox's 2024 fourth quarter and full year conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-23 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Margo. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we share a remarkable 2024 third quarter results. Joining me is CEO, Alok Maskara, and CFO, Michael Quenzer. Each will share their prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A session. Turning to Slide 2, a reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation, and the webcast archived link for today's call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com. Now please turn to Slide 3 as I turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning, everyone. Lennox delivered another record quarter, highlighted by double-digit revenue growth, operating margin exceeding 20%, and strong free cash flow. We also made solid progress on multiple key initiatives as part of our ongoing transformation plan. I am grateful for our talented team and the growth mindset of our customers who enabled these exceptionally strong results. Let's turn to Slide 3 for the highlights of this quarter. Core revenue grew 15% and our adjusted segment margin expanded 90 basis points to a Q3 record of 20.2%, resulting in adjusted earnings per share increase of 24% to $6.68. We generated an impressive $452 million in operating cash flow this quarter, which is $139 million or approximately 44% increase over the same quarter last year. Our industry-leading ROIC also grew to 47%. Both our segments, HCS and BCS, achieved 15% revenue growth in the quarter and both continued to deliver strong segment profit. Investments in manufacturing capacity and front-end redesign has enabled us to gain share and meet customer demand for R-410A products. In addition, investments in digital processes and distribution technologies led to improved order fill rates within Home Comfort Solutions. The new commercial factory startup remains on track and the Building Climate Solutions segment successfully integrated the AES acquisition ahead of schedule. These results reflect the dedication of our 14,000 employees and the continued support of our dealers and customers. Therefore, I am confident in raising our 2024 EPS guidance range to $20.75 to $21. Now please turn to Slide 4 for more details on our CLO transition. As announced earlier this morning, John Torres, Lennox's Chief Legal Officer has elected to retire. I want to take a moment to acknowledge John's outstanding 16 years of leadership and his lasting impact on Lennox. He led multiple acquisitions and divestitures to streamline our portfolio and ensure that we operate with the highest ethical standards by strengthening our ethics and compliance office. As a result of our thoughtful succession planning, we are excited for Monica Brown as she takes on the role of Chief Legal Officer effective January 1, 2025. Monica has been with Lennox for 12 years with a proven track record across our businesses and legal functions. Before joining Lennox, she spent nearly 13 years with the leading outside law firm. Looking ahead, Monica is well-positioned to continue John's legacy of success with a focus on advancing our digital capabilities and accelerating future growth. Now let me hand the call over to Michael to take us through the details of our Q3 financial performance.
Michael Quenzer: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. We are pleased to report our seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit year-over-year adjusted earnings per share growth. This quarter, we increased our adjusted segment margin by 90 basis points and achieved a remarkable 15% revenue growth, resulting in 24% adjusted EPS growth. Now I will share more details on our third quarter financial results. Core revenue was approximately $1.5 billion, up nearly $200 million from last year, attributed mostly to volume gains in both segments. Adjusted segment profit increased by $52 million or 21%, driven by $86 million in volume as well as price and mix benefits. This was partially offset by regulatory transition costs and expenses related to our new commercial factory ramp-up. Ongoing investments also impacted profits as we are committed to strategic initiatives in sales and distribution to support consistent profitable growth. The tax rate was 18.7% and diluted shares outstanding were $35.8 million compared to $35.7 million in the prior year quarter. Let's now turn to Slide 6 and review the third quarter financial performance of the Home Comfort Solutions segment. The Home Comfort Solutions segment had an exceptional quarter, delivering 15% revenue growth, 25% segment profit growth, and an impressive 170 basis point expansion in segment profit margin. Sales volumes increased by 11%, fueled by over 30% growth in our two-step distributor channel, primarily reflecting normal restocking after several quarters of industry-wide destocking. Our one-step contractor channel saw modest volume growth supported by R-410A availability compared to the broader market. Towards the end of the quarter, we saw early signs of R-410A provide demand. Pricing execution has been a key focus for the HCS segment over the past year, driving 4% revenue growth in the quarter. Having successfully met our 2024 price improvement targets, we are now concentrating on pricing for the new R-454B products and these initiatives are progressing well. Finally, our quarterly profit was impacted by anticipated product cost challenges during our transition to our new R-454B products and for ongoing investments aimed at enhancing our distribution capabilities and improving the overall customer experience. Moving on to Slide 7. The Building Climate Solutions segment also delivered an impressive 15% revenue growth in the third quarter, 6% of which can be attributed to inorganic growth from our AES acquisition. We are very pleased with this acquisition, which was completed in the fourth quarter of last year. The integration was finished ahead of schedule and we have delivered better than expected AES profit margins, driven by additional synergies. From an organic growth perspective, sales volume was up 7% in the quarter but was constrained by manufacturing challenges and new factory ramp-up inefficiencies that limited production output. Segment profit increased by $9 million, though profit margin declined due to anticipated manufacturing ramp-up costs. Production startup at our new commercial factory in Saltillo, Mexico, remains on track. However, total manufacturing output for commercial HVAC continues to be below demand levels. For emergency replacement, we have started offering products in some pilot markets and early results are encouraging. Please turn to Slide 8, where I will review our cash flow performance and capital deployment strategies. Operating cash flow for the quarter totaled $452 million compared to $313 million in the same period last year. Capital expenditures were $40 million, representing $1 million increase year-over-year. Our cash flow performance has been solid this year, reflecting ongoing efforts to drive revenue growth, expand profit margins, and optimize working capital. Earlier this year, we implemented working capital initiatives with a focus on accounts payable, which has been a driver of the $183 million increase in year-to-date operating cash flow. In the coming years, we will unlock additional working capital by leveraging digital tools and efficient processes. Our return on invested capital, ROIC, stands at 47%, an industry-leading figure that remains resilient across business cycles due to high non-discretionary replacement demand. We continue to expand ROIC year-over-year, while also making capital investments that are poised to deliver substantial benefits in the coming years. Finally, we maintain a healthy balance sheet with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 0.8 times, down from 1.8 times in the prior year. Our free cash flow deployment strategy remains focused on driving annual dividend growth and executing bolt-on acquisitions. We have reinitiated buybacks in the third quarter and we'll continue leveraging share repurchases to efficiently return excess cash to shareholders. If you will now turn to Slide 9, I will review our revised 2024 financial guidance. After the third quarter results and more visibility into the last quarter of the year, we have raised our full year revenue guidance. The table on the left summarizes our full year revenue growth factors. Total company core revenue is now projected to increase by approximately 10%. We now expect mid-single digit improvement in sales volumes, combined price and mix to be up low-single digits, and our AES acquisition to contribute low-single digit growth. As a result of our strong third quarter profit performance, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to $20.75 to $21 from the previously guided range of $19.50 to $20.25. We are also raising our free cash flow guidance to $575 million to $650 million. As you can see, most of our other guide points have not changed except for interest expense, which is now estimated to be approximately $45 million. Overall, year-to-date performance combined with increased clarity on industry demand has given us the confidence to significantly raise our earnings per share guidance. With that, please turn to Slide 10, and I'll turn it back over to Alok for an overview of the low GWP Refrigerant transition.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Michael. All necessary preparations for design, engineering, and manufacturing of the low GWP products were completed earlier in the year, ensuring a successful launch in the third quarter. As part of this transition, we are also excited to introduce our new Lennox powered by Samsung Mini-Split and VRF heat pump systems. We have invested heavily in developing new low GWP products and minimizing disruptions during the transition. We anticipate continued manufacturing cost headwinds into the first quarter of next year as we continue to convert production lines in our factories. Our approach to reconfiguring our factories balances production flexibility with cost efficiency. In 2025, we expect a gradual shift in demand for the new low GWP Refrigerant products. The first half of the year, specifically the first quarter, we'll see continued R-410A sales from manufacturers, distributors, and dealers as everyone depletes their regular and pre-bought R-410A inventory. We still estimate that for the full year, approximately 65% of the end-market demand will transition to low GWP product, which will favorably impact mix. Looking further ahead, we anticipate existing 410A refrigerant will face price increases as supply items and demand moves towards low GWP products. This will increase cost pressure on repairs, leading to higher demand for system replacements. This transition also opens more service opportunities for dealers and contractors given additional safety features and components in the new R-454B products. We expect some of the low GWP price and mix benefits to extend into 2026 as the market fully transitions to the new low GWP product. With that, please turn to Slide 11 for our early thinking on the outlook for 2025. We are pleased with the resilience of the North America HVAC industry growth. We remain cautiously optimistic for 2025, given our sustained competitive momentum from our ongoing transformation journey. On the left-hand side of the slide, you will see several factors that will likely impact revenue growth in 2025. Mix benefits from the low GWP transition with 10% plus price increases will accelerate growth. Lennox has historically executed extremely well during these regulatory transitions, gaining share and confidence from our dealers and distributors. We plan to do the same thing next year. We anticipate higher manufacturing output from our commercial HVAC factories within our BCS segment. In conjunction with the investment we made in our sales team this year, we will be able to recapture some of the previously lost share in the emergency replacement market. Moreover, these improvements will instill greater confidence in our ability to serve national accounts with a full lifecycle value proposition. We are encouraged by the growth opportunities from partnering with Samsung for our ductless heat pump offering, strengthening brand recognition, and providing access to a broader customer base. Increased incentives for energy-efficient system may lead to higher replacement demand as well as a higher tier mix. While we are generally optimistic about 2025 revenue growth, it is important to recognize our outlook can be impacted by several end-market factors. Uncertain consumer confidence continues to pose challenges alongside a trend towards more value tiered products, which may negatively impact mix. Higher cost for the new products may also create complexities in the ongoing repair versus replace dynamics. From an industry perspective, we expect destocking in the first half of 2025 as distributors sell through R-410A pre-buys this year. Additionally, competitors may gain some share as they overcome their current availability challenges. On the right-hand side of the slide, we have highlighted key drivers for margin expansion. We anticipate margin improvements from the low GWP product mix with 30% incrementals, supported by our continued focus on price cost discipline. We also foresee improvements in productivity from higher distribution fill rates as our focus on digital inventory planning and our investment in distribution technologies start to generate results. Greater factory efficiency will also contribute to our margin expansion, particularly in the second half of next year as we begin to lap the ramp-up costs associated with the new commercial factory and low GWP transition. However, these gains may be partially offset by several factors. Our investments in digital capabilities and distribution network improvements are essential for enhancing operational efficiency and improving customer experience. While these investments are crucial for long-term growth, they may create some near-term pressure on margins. Additionally, we anticipate inflationary pressures for both commodities and component cost. We also expect increases in healthcare and employee benefit costs. Ultimately, our focus in 2025 remains on superior execution to drive differentiated growth and expand margins. We will provide further financial guidance when we report our Q4 earnings early next year. Now please turn to Slide 12. As we wrap up today's call, I want to emphasize our confidence in driving sustainable growth guided by five key elements of our strategic transformation plan. Our first focus is on accelerating growth by adding new customers as well as capturing a greater share of wallet from existing customers. Second, we will expand our margins from price cost productivity and leveraging the strength of our direct-to-dealer network. Third, the Lennox unified management system remains key to our success, helping us streamline operations, share best practices, and execute our strategy. Next, our ongoing investments in digital and heat pump technology keep us at the forefront of innovation to deliver cutting-edge solutions for our customers. And finally, our strong culture rooted in core values and reinforced by our pay-for-performance model drives our success. Our differentiated strategy continues to create sustained competitive advantages and will enable us to achieve our long-term goals. I'm incredibly proud of what we have accomplished so far and I have no doubt that our best days are still ahead of us. Thank you. We will be happy to take your questions now. Margo, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Tommy Moll from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Alok, I want to start on the A2L commentary that you've provided. I hear you talk about the 10% plus pricing tailwind versus the R-410A product, and then also about some early success with initiatives in recent weeks or months I guess. So if we pull all this together, am I correct in saying that, number one, the magnitude of the pricing mix tailwind is unchanged versus prior expectations? And then number two, that your conviction in successfully realizing that is higher now that you've introduced some product into the market, albeit at low volumes.
Alok Maskara: I would say both are true, Tommy. The third thing I would add to is the competitive share gain that we get normally during any regulatory transition, the confidence in achieving that in this transition is also higher.
Tommy Moll: Thank you. Looking at the 2025 early thinking slide you provided, Alok, I wanted to unpack what you're referencing here in terms of the trend for the value tier and then the repair versus replaced? What have you seen to date on those points? And then what do you want to make sure to communicate about how that might evolve into next year? Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Yes, what we have seen so far is not a meaningful shift between repair and replace, and -- but we continue to be cautious about it, especially given that the price of new equipment will rise. So we continue to monitor that and that's why I want to call it out. On the value tier shift, as we went from sort of 13 SEER to 14 SEER and as we look at the overall state of the economy, we have seen a shift towards more people buying the minimum SEER. It already used to be about 60%, 65% of the industry, so now it might be 65% to 70% of the industry. So that's what we are calling out in the value tier. No surprises, no changes from any of our previous conversations, just wanted to lay out the positives and the potential watch out for 2025, but really no change in Q3 that we are calling out.
Tommy Moll: Noted. Thank you, Alok. I'll turn it back.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Tommy.
Operator: Thank you. We'll next go to Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. My first one is just on the 65% next year that will be A2L. Can you just talk about some of the assumptions you're making there? And then would you say the risk is to the upside there or to the downside? I know that is kind of a hard question, but.
Alok Maskara: It is a hard question, but Ryan, we are here to answer your hard questions. Listen, I think the risk right now is fairly balanced around the number 65%. If you remember earlier in the year, we were talking about 50% to 65%, but right now we feel more confident around the 65% number. I think if it's a little lower, it could be because there is more pre-buy in 410A, which we will see in Q4. And if it's higher, it will because a lot of the competitors already out of 410A inventory right now. So as we're selling 410A, it could be used this quarter versus being left over for next year. So those are kind of the two dynamics on the 410A that we are selling today, does that land up becoming pre-buy, which I think is some chances or it's just because competitors are short on that product. So those will be the pluses and minuses on that, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. And then just on the pre-buy, clearly that helped the quarter. As we think about the first half of '25, can you quantify the magnitude just so we can set our models correctly?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So on the pre-buy, I'm not sure how much it helped Q3. I mean, if you think about Q3, what helped us was three different factors. First of all, the end of destocking and beginning of restocking, I mean, that was probably the largest contributor. As you saw, our two-step business was up over 30% or around 30%, so I think that's the biggest factor for what helped in Q3. Second, I would call out is just share gains. I mean, we've been gaining share just because of better execution and there was some impact of competitors running out of inventory. So I think share gains were the second factor. Third, which may have happened a little bit towards the tail end of the quarter is pre-buy. But remember, most of our business goes to dealers and unless they go start renting out big bonds, I mean, they're not going to be able to do a lot of pre-buy, and distributor inventory levels are still pretty close to normal. So I just want to emphasize the point on the pre-buy on how we expect. What we would expect, as said, is in Q1 next year, there clearly will be some depletion or destocking of pre-buy, maybe some carryover in Q2, but that gives us confidence in the 65% number, saying majority of the sales next year will be 454B.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll next go to Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
Joseph O'Dea: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start on the market share comments that you've made. I mean, I think that going back to 2018 time period in tornado and a period of time of maybe two or three years of some share headwinds, it seems like over the past couple of years, those have reversed and you've been on a share gain trajectory. But can you just level set in terms of through these periods of time, how much you may have given up, how much you've recaptured net-net, where do you stand today, and how you're thinking about those share gain opportunities moving forward?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I'll start by reaffirming what you said is that, yes, we have reversed those share losses and we are back on a positive trajectory. Because we do both one-step and two-step, share is a little difficult as we look at AHRI or any of those data. But today, where we stand because of all the moving pieces, we are confident that we have gained share and we continue to gain share. What we have to do next year is make sure that we can retain most of the captured share, because as competitors have inventory, which many of them don't right now on 410A product, then there would be like a lot of our effort going towards making sure our share gains are more permanent. On the commercial side, where also the share gain comment comes up, we have not been able to recover the share so far. That’s part of our plan for 2025 on getting share back on the emergency replacement, because we are still constrained by manufacturing capacity, not demand in that segment. So I want to separate the shared comments into commercial and residential.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. And then, just wanted to circle back on the 454B pricing commentary and you've noted that the initiatives are progressing well, any color that you can provide on what that means in terms of or with respect to the 10% plus price? And I think there is still debate out there on how to think about that price and list versus realized, so any clarification there when you talk about 10% price and if that's a realized number?
Alok Maskara: I think as we finish Q4, when we have greater clarity on market movements and acceptance, we can talk about that in early Q1. Right now, the 10% is what we are looking to gain out of a price. But realize, we'll apply to only 65% of sales and only the products that are 454B, and we will also be raising price on 410A next year. So the 10% has to be taken in conjunction with 410A pricing today. So there are a lot of moving pieces and we can provide greater clarity. But the overall where we are seeing in the marketplace is the higher cost products that we're introducing, 454B, is being supported by our and competitive moves on 10% plus price increase into 2025.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And next we're going to go to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hi, good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond: Just -- I appreciate all the color on that 25 moving pieces. If we just kind of looked at the market today, what do you think that res unit and commercial unit kind of market growth looks like as you snap a line into '25? I know there is a number of moving pieces, some noise with the pre-buy, but just kind of underlying unit demand in each of the businesses.
Alok Maskara: If you think about res and we talked about this earlier in the year that we expected for a dealer the volume to be flat-to-down, then halfway through the year, we upgraded to be flat, and now we're going to say flat to maybe slightly up is where we are on the res side. And I'm talking about installed units, away from stocking, destocking, but think of flat as the conservative, flat to slightly up as maybe a little bit more, like aggressive numbers to look at. But it's hard to come to that in a firm number as you know with the different moving pieces.
Michael Quenzer: Yes, I think what we need to do is see this Q4 pre-buy play out and see kind of how that impacts the end-market demand as well as share gain initiatives as we've talked about. Normally, we've executed better than others during this transition. So those are two unknowns that we need to see how they play out over the next quarter.
Alok Maskara: So we'll wait for AHRI, but I think flat to slightly up would be a good way to look at end-market non-residential. On commercial, since we remain supply-constrained, we just go with the industry figures, where I think the market has been growing slightly. It's still not fully recovered from the COVID decline that it happened, because our markets, remember, we don't have offices, we don't have as much multi-storey housing, what we call commercial is typically retail single-storey buildings. So from that perspective, we do see that market continuing to do -- grow low-single digits at the end-market. And on resi, I'm more optimistic about lower interest rates, better -- like market performance going into next year.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. And then just in commercial, maybe let us -- remind us your mix in education and there has been a lot of funding -- ESSER funding around K through 12 and I know that's been a hot market. If you're seeing any signs that as that sunsets that market might see a move back.
Alok Maskara: We had not seen any signs of that market going back. Our exposure in education is probably less than some of our competitors, given like, historically, we have been so focused on retail, but we look at that as a good growth opportunity. But currently, we don't see any of that slowing down as we see also schools issuing bonds and other pieces, because these are very necessary maintenance and many of these units remain way past their useful life.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
JeffSprague: Hi, thanks, and good morning, everyone. Hi, Alok, I just want to come back to kind of the share gain dynamics and we got to hop over and see what else Watsco is saying this morning, but you're kind of putting the share gain largely being a function of some competitors running out of 410A, where they sound like maybe there is actually some bigger problem with somebody. I'm not expecting you to kind of name -- names on competitors, but are you actually seeing somebody also struggle with the transition or there is some other kind of systematic problem with someone in the channel other than just kind of running out of 410A?
Alok Maskara: Obviously, we don't know what's happening inside the hood with any of those competitors. What we know is our availability right now on 410A products is better than many of the other players and that's giving us an advantage. We also know that a lot of the investments we made last year in improving our sales team, being a better distributor, making sure we have higher fill rates, and ensuring that we have a decentralized model that gets more aggressive and focused on our typical AOR dealer, all that's paying off as well. So I do want to break out the share gains into two comments, right? One is totally consistent with everything we have been trying to do. And second, maybe some current advantage because of competition stumbles. It's part of the transition. We made a bet that throughout this year, 410A demand would be higher and the shift to 454B would only happen next year. I believe some of the competitors may have made a different bet and they may have run out of products.
JeffSprague: And then thinking about the after effects of whatever pre-buy we have into next year, right, I mean the 35% of the market that's not 454B, almost by definition, right, has to be sitting in distribution by the end of the year, right, if manufacturers are running low on it now. So I mean that -- I mean that feels like really a potentially bigger air pocket early in the year than, I don't know, maybe people think. Maybe just kind of comment on that, like the -- how you see the state of distribution at the end of the year and how this kind of give back on the pre-buy might play out?
Alok Maskara: Yes, sure. First of all, we will get greater clarity next year because Q4 is still just starting and we got to work through that. Our 35 number was based on that even manufacturers will have some 410A inventory like we will have 410A inventory at the end of the year that we will be selling. So like as we look at our own distribution and I think other manufacturers will likely also have 410A inventory at the end of the year. So it's not just inventory at distributors, it's inventory at manufacturers and distributors. Q1 is where we will see the most impact. I think the FX starts waning away in Q2 and that's why the 65:35. But Jeff, I wish there was an exact science behind this or if we had full visibility and complete transparency. So this is just like us looking at what we know and coming up with an educated guess. We are going to be wrong. We just don't know whether it's going to be wrong on the upside or the downside.
JeffSprague: Understood. Thanks for the color. I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Next we're going to go to Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Thank you very much. Actually, I'm just going to build right off of that. Alok, wouldn't you rather be wrong by having more R-410A, so that you are price competitive further into 2025?
Alok Maskara: For the whole industry, which is what we care about deeply as well, I would hope that everybody runs out of 410A by the end of the year, so we get the better mix and the transition is more seamless for our dealers. For a dealer dealing with two different product lines and training their crews and all that is just very difficult. So we want to support our dealers and I hope the entire industry runs out, which is quite likely given that some competitors already running out of 410A. But from our perspective, yes, we would like our manufacturing transition to be clean and for us to move to 454B. At the same time, we don't want to be price-disadvantaged in the first quarter when others may have 410A. So that's a daily balance we got to drive, Jeff.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. And maybe just switching to commercial, any words of wisdom as we think about how the new facility kind of ramps up through 2025 and we sort of try to model that and when the startup costs kind of go away.
Alok Maskara: Yes, the startup costs will go away definitely by Q2, a large part will go away in Q1. Right now, where we are is, we are on track from the timeline perspective. I would say the startup inefficiency maybe a shade higher than what we thought originally, just because we are putting extra focus on quality and sometimes we are paying more for freight to move products back-and-forth, and we want to make sure it's a really good quality product and we take care of our customers through their transition. So I would say, you should expect by mid-next year us to be kind of running up to as we thought the capacity of the factory would be. So think of another three quarters worth of ramp-up associated with inefficiencies fading away in Q1. Michael?
Michael Quenzer: Yes, I'll just add, a lot of these costs we're experiencing right now, we believe are temporary. Obviously, we're trying to launch a factory. So in the second half of next year, when that factory is fully operational, these temporary transition costs should abate.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. And then just finally on that, you mentioned earlier that demand is outstripping supply on commercial, when this thing is up mid-year to normal run-rates, is that then in better balance?
Alok Maskara: We know we'll be in better balance. We may still be below capacity because remember, we're only getting 20% of the potential capacity in Saltillo up and running, and if demand continues to outstrip supply, we will put up another 20%. I mean, the factory is large enough for us to be able to double our current capacity, but we are doing it 20% at a time. But yes, we'll definitely better balance and better be able to serve our customers. I mean, currently, our customer satisfaction in that is very low because we just can't meet the amount of demand and orders we have.
Stephen Volkmann: Yes. Helpful. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Next we're going to go to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys. So, Alok, that you clearly -- I don't have the crystal ball here, but just to square those comments on your own inventory levels exiting the year, is the way we should think about it that you expect to carry inventory levels of 410A products to at least meet demand for the first quarter and that's really kind of like the balance that you're trying to make sure you get right.
Alok Maskara: Approximately, the reason I say is, like remember, we are also a distributor and 70% of our sales act just like a distributor sale, and if we turn inventory five times a year, which I know we do around that much, I will have 410A inventory just from phase in, phase out perspective that we will sell through in Q1. So I think some of it is just practical constraints of transition, and other is, of course, we do want to remain competitive. So while it's not a goal, I think that's just largely how it will play out, because we will continue manufacturing till the time we can.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, fair enough. And then just maybe just sticking on pricing for 410A, given that the products are going to be discontinued going into next year, does that change the pricing dynamics that you're able to put through in the early part of next year as you typically put your annual price increases through, or how should we kind of think about that 410A pricing even for the portion of the year that it held into the network in early 2025?
Alok Maskara: First of all, we want to take care of our customers and be fair, but second, from a demand and supply perspective, if 410A is short in supply, which is what we are experiencing right now, then we fully expect to capture the incremental pricing in 2025 or any 410A product sold in 2025. When we do annual price increases, I mean cost of benefits are going up, cost of -- lot of the commodities continue to be around inflation in wages, so yes, we fully expect to have 410A sold in 2025 to be at higher price than 410A sold in 2024.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. Alok, maybe first off, there is some sort of interesting bits and pieces on the margins I suppose on Slide 11, maybe trying to wrap it together. So I think your margin -- your operating margin this year is guided up about a point for the year as a whole, just total Lennox, so it's sort of 30%-ish incremental margin. When we look at the bits and pieces on Slide 11, is the main takeaway that it's a similar incremental next year or is there something I'm missing on some of the moving parts on Slide 11?
Michael Quenzer: I think, overall, we expect our margins to expand at both next year, predominantly led by the mix benefits that we'll see. Then offsetting some of that will be some of the investments we're making. We're going to have at least a 30% incremental on the mix and then we'll get some more volume tailwinds hopefully in share, which is also 30% incremental. We'll have to go through all the puts and takes and some of the investments we're making, but 25% to 30% incremental sound in the range, but we got to go through all the details still.
Alok Maskara: Yes, and Julian, remember our long-term targets for Lennox margins that we have published, I mean, we are still not there. So we obviously want to keep making progress towards that over the next year, year and a half to get there. So I don't want to give you exact number because Q4 still has to play out depending on how that goes, but we do expect margin expansion next year for sure.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just my follow-up, revisiting sadly the pre-buy stuff again. So I guess, it sounds like if we're trying to quantify it, we should not be too concerned, if that's right for a couple of reasons about the extent of the destock. I think one is, if I look at your residential volume guide for this year, it's gone up about three points, I think, for the year versus what you said in July, but a lot of that is share gain. So you've got maybe, I don't know, a point of effect from pre-buy this year. And then also if the effect is mostly in Q1 of next year, Q1 is typically a very small seasonal quarter anyway for you, and particularly so for cooling product, which presumably is what the refrigerant change affects rather than hot products. So maybe just clarify for me if I'm misunderstanding anything with those points, please.
Alok Maskara: First of all, you're not misunderstanding, Julian, this is the -- your classic quote, if I can quote back to you like analyzing storm and a teacup, right? I mean, our industry is over-analyzed sometimes. I think companies that execute well have a strong strategy to do better. But yes, your math is about correct. I mean, we -- 70% of our shares are kind of immune to this whole pre-buy discussion and that's going to work as planned. The other 30%, we believe majority of the effect right now is stocking, destocking, not pre-buy. Having said all of that, Q4 is still out there. I mean, if Q4 has a very heavy Q -- quarter and a lot of that's driven by pre-buy, then all our answers could change and we will have to talk about that in Q1. But so far, we are assuming there will be some pre-buy but not a heavy pre-buy that impacts us this year.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we're going to go to Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: Thanks for taking the questions. Really great quarter for cash generation, and as we look towards '25 and lapping some of the investments you've made on the CapEx side, and I think in the past, you talked about getting back to 100% free cash flow generation -- 100% free cash flow conversion, how do we think about share repurchases, that picking up here in 4Q levels for '25. It had been a couple of years, but going back, it used to be pretty active on the repo front.
Alok Maskara: I'll start by just saying that our new CFO is really helping to drive the free cash. He is bringing a new level of discipline, a new level of accountability, and a new level of focus on working capital management. With that, I will hand it over to Michael to actually answer that question.
Michael Quenzer: And I'll just add on that. That's one of the initiatives I started is trying to align the organization on working capital management, especially as we look to get 90% or even close to 100% of free cash to net income. So it's something we're focused on over the next couple of years. But yes, we are generating a lot of cash, and our deployment strategy is going to be basically consistent where every year we're going to increase our dividend. We're going to look at our dividend yield compared to growth companies in the S&P 500, so we'll do that. And then we're also evaluating bolt-on acquisitions that have to have the right fit with the right returns on it. So we're being very disciplined in that, but we're definitely focused there. And then thereafter, it's going to be about share repurchases. We started getting back into share repurchases this quarter. We'll continue to do those, but it will be kind of a tool to efficiently deploy that capital if we don't do acquisitions.
Noah Kaye: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about that acquisition pipeline and what your needs may be at this moment?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. I think what we've looked at is different technologies, kind of bolt-on technologies in the commercial space. They just give us a better product offering with our commercial customers. We've looked at distribution opportunities to have a full assortment of products that we can sell through our residential distribution network. Those are two big ones. And then there is just different technologies to make our product smarter, either on the thermostats, IQ, so it's a host of things that we're looking at, but again, they got to have the right fit and the right price.
Alok Maskara: And I would add to that, remember, I mean, we are also trying to be more of a distributor versus just a manufacturer and there's a big opportunity for products that our dealers buy or our key accounts buy that we don't sell today. So if we could look at appropriate products and technologies, as Michael said, and bring them into our network, that would be significantly value enhancing to our shareholders. So we are very disciplined in capital allocation, and as Michael said, we will look at all those opportunities and balance those appropriately. But it starts with strong cash flow, which I think Michael and the team are doing a great job at.
Noah Kaye: Great. I'll have some follow-ups offline. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Next we're going to go to Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Hi. I saw that the plan to build share in emergency replacement is highlighted on the outlook for '25, you've talked about this before. Can you just share some color on what it means to refocus on that business? My understanding is you will need to boost inventory in the field because you need 24-hour turnaround and the customers have to know this and it's either you're ready for that order or you miss it entirely. So what kind of working capital burden increase are you looking at to fill emergency replacement, and can you size that? Thanks.
Alok Maskara: Deane, that's a very good question. Thanks. I agree with you that the going back to emergency replacement requires a lot of effort, starts with us having more manufacturing capacity, then it goes into making sure we have appropriate inventory within 24 hours and in some cases, urban market, the same day. And then finally, it also comes down to having the right feet on the street and getting all the contractors who may have gone to something else or someone else to come back and look at that fold, and we are doing all of that. Most of that working capital impact will be in 2025 and we'll be happy to come back and look at it. But I can also tell you it won't be as material because today we have excess working capital, but it's on the raw product side as we are starting factories and transitioning factories. I would look to redeploy a lot of that working capital from raw materials more into finished goods and closer to the customer. So it's a pretty heavy move, but from a financial perspective, I would expect a lot of that come from the additional draw inventory we are carrying as part of startup.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. Thanks. And then second question for Michael. On ROIC, Lennox is so far ahead of anyone else in industrials. I think from our coverage, you're probably -- you're nearly two times bigger versus the next closest competitor. So just kind of talk us through, as you make decisions -- investment decisions, CapEx decisions, are you looking at the ROIC impact? Do you hesitate at all on investments? I know it's a rhetorical question and you're going to just say no, but just the idea that you will at times pressure ROIC. So is this more of an outcome or a target on the way you think about it in the company?
Michael Quenzer: Yes, what I'll say is that our industry-leading ROIC is mostly driven by our organic disciplined approach to investments, so we've not done a lot of inorganic acquisitions. Obviously, when you do those, they will be dilutive. But when we look at acquisitions like we did with AES, it was a good ROIC, well above 20%, but still below the 47% that we're tracking. So we'll continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions that are above our cost of capital. And then from a capital expenditure perspective, we do the same thing. So we're not necessarily targeted on growing above 47%, but we want to stay 40% and have good ROI projects on these CapEx, and so we're looking at both on the organic capital expenditures and the inorganic acquisitions to have healthy ROIC above our cost of capital.
Deane Dray: That's really helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we're going to go to Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Good morning. Congrats on the quarter. Hi -- I wanted to come back to the early thinking on 2025 and the 30% incremental comment on low GWP, is that a volume incremental comment, and then price mix should drop through at something above that similar to this year? I'm just hoping you could maybe parse those pieces out.
Michael Quenzer: Yes. What we're expecting is more of a kind of price cost. It will come through. We'll have mix-up for the pricing that we just talked about and then the drop-through on that mix will be at least 30% to maintain our gross margins and reflect the additional costs that we're having to put into the product and investments that we're making. Our volume incrementals are also similar to 30%. So we have both kind of dropping through 30% of the mix next year and our normal volume gains.
Brett Linzey: Got it. And then just thinking about new versus replacement in residential, obviously, new housing has been a drag, how much was that down so far this year? And then you noted some of the value tier growth for next year. Thinking about a better housing environment and some of the investment, should you maybe pick up some share in new housing next year or grow in line with the market, any thoughts there?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I think we're starting to see some green shoots in new housing, so we are like either bouncing along the bottom or we are coming off from the trough from new housing. So that's positive. And remember, we are kind of six months behind the new housing starts number that you might see. Our share position in there remains very strong. And on the replacement side, again, if you believe, even the recent Wall Street Journal article about homeowners starting to do more repairs and renovations, we think higher demand there will probably result from lower interest rates and consumer confidence. But all that said, there is just a lot of uncertainty. On the value tier, our comment was driven by because of the SEER changes, because of the pricing levels, and because of the higher interest rates that are prevailing versus a few years ago. So we just want to watch out for that going forward. So a lot more for us to analyze and evaluate before we come to you in 2025 and give you more firm guidance on those things.
Brett Linzey: Thanks. Appreciate the insight.
Operator: Thank you. Next we're going to go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, good morning.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: What do you think is driving distributors to stock up in like the last couple of months of the summer when the demand is effectively like maybe flat-to-up a little bit and you have this transition coming? What's kind of the -- what's the driver there?
Alok Maskara: Yes. And I think, Steve, depends on which type of distributors. I mean, we can talk about our distributors. We haven't seen our distributors stocking up. We are seeing our distributors going away from destocking, so they're going back to normal inventory levels that existed pre-COVID and we haven't seen them taking extraordinary measures to stock up. Now, I think in Q4, they might do some 410 pre-buy to get some price advantage versus 454B. But I have not seen any -- at least from our distributors that we work with, any big push to stock up.
Michael Quenzer: And all that said, on top of comps, if you go back to Q3 last year, that channel is down 20% due to destocking, so definitely favorable comps year-over-year as they restock as Alok mentioned.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then when it comes to the pricing for next year, so you're saying 10% plus on 70% of your revenue, I think 65% penetration, so that kind of gets you into firmly in the mid-single digit plus range for price for next year kind of capture for the segment, is that like the right math that you're talking about?
Alok Maskara: Yes. We'll get you greater clarity in 2025 because I do -- we'll have more clarity both on like 65, 35, 454B, but I think that's roughly the right math and the way you looked at it right now.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then lastly…
Alok Maskara: …most of this is going to look at mix -- most is going to look at mix versus price, right, because these are brand new products.
Steve Tusa: Right. So this is mix versus like just pure price, but that is the right math right now. It's around 5%, 6%.
Alok Maskara: …mid-single digit is a good range.
Michael Quenzer: And then I'll just add, the stick rate we normally see in regulatory transitions is high because we're making a lot of cost investment as we need to stick it.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then just lastly, I guess with the combination of the pre-buy for the industry at least maybe perhaps more, some of the things you talked about is being uncertain as far as consumer confidence, repair versus replace all that, do you expect like industry volumes next year at this stage to be down -- industry volumes? You've talked about your share gains, but is industry volume down next year, do you think?
Alok Maskara: Listen, from my perspective, I would say the industry volume -- and this is installed on the ground, so away from any like distributor stock-in or stock-out and all that, I would think it's going to be flat to slightly up next year and a lot of that's just driven by the ongoing trends, age of units, and the cost of repair versus replays. But I wish I could predict that more accurately, Steve. Everybody is going to have a different view on that.
Michael Quenzer: And interest rates are going to have a heavy influence in that as well.
Steve Tusa: Right. And then sorry, one more question.
Alok Maskara: Remember, new home construction is picking up, so right.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Sorry, one more question from maybe the guy that over-analyzes, as you said, whatever the comment was. The share gains this year with your competitors that have been like out of the market, why are those sustainable? Why isn't that like a tough comp in the next year? Are they -- is this kind of structural share gain you think you've taken because of that?
Alok Maskara: Whenever somebody stumbles, some of that becomes permanent, like when we stumbled with the tornado, it took us years, like six years, to get that share back. So when I look at our past tumbles, some dealers will switch back, some won't, so -- I mean that's my part. Our comment is, our goal is to make them as permanent as possible. But that is where execution comes down and see what works.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Next we'll go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. We covered a lot of ground and let's not over-analyze this situation, but what is the feedback from your end customers, the contractors, the dealers on A2L? Have they come to terms with the technology, the train requirements, et cetera? Do they actually want to have A2L or do they want to take as much 410A as they can? And I'm just wondering this dynamic of 4Q versus 1Q, if you're going to increase prices effective 2025, is there an incentive for them to stock up in 4Q versus 1Q?
Alok Maskara: Yes, so talking about end contractors, I mean, the good news is we are belly-to-belly with 10,000 of them, and I can tell you all 10,000 have 10,000 -- like individual views. So depending on whom you ask, you will get that view. In general, I would say, most contractors would prefer to continue doing what they are doing. They are chain resistant, but they also realize that they don't have a choice and they have to move to 454B. It only comes down to some of them, especially the high-end one will want to move sooner versus later because they are selling a high-end product and they are not at the bottom end of the range. Others who are more chuck in the truck and at the bottom end of the range, they will want to keep doing 410A as long as possible. On the positive side, it's been well accepted. People have gone through training. People understand how to install it. We are spending a lot of time doing training. Other distributors are doing a lot of time doing training, so that will happen. Is there a risk that some of them will stock up more on 410A at the end of the quarter because they do have garages and barns, they may not have warehouses? Yes, I think there is a risk to that. I mean, that's a risk we deal with every year.
Nigel Coe: Yes, okay. I'm -- just got the vision of barns being used to stock up HVAC units. We have to do some barn visits. And then just a...
Alok Maskara: I was at a barn in Wisconsin, and actually, you saw that, so.
Nigel Coe: Yes, side-by-side with the cheese. Then just -- thinking then about just dis-conceptually the repair versus replace dynamic, if we're in a 454B world and you've got a 410A system or 20 system, you're going to have to replace the whole system as opposed -- if you're going to replace instead of just a component replacement, et cetera. So why wouldn't there be more kind of compressor replacements or motor replacements or whatever in a world where we're putting through another 10% price? So I'm just trying to figure out here whether we will see kind of more of a repair mix as we transition through this A2L. Does it make sense?
Alok Maskara: I think fundamentally - you did, absolutely. I still think it comes down to the age of the unit. So if the unit is five-year-old and it's got a compressor broken, the dealer is likely to come and change the compressor. If it's a, 12 to 15-year-old unit where the compressors broken and the motor is making noises, they are likely to replace the whole system. In the 12 to 15-year-old unit, because the extra cost of 410A, once it spikes and it has not spiked yet, it becomes an additional factor that comes into play. So I don't think -- just like the R22 to 410A pieces, in the beginning years, it didn't change the repair to replace, but in the future years, it did move it more towards replacement versus repair. I think the same thing is going to happen, probably no impact in 2025 for repair versus replace, but in future years it will.
Nigel Coe: Great. And then just a quick one, I'm probably the last question here. Have you sized the dollar TAM for the emergency replacement market for commercial? What sort of share do you think you can get of that TAM?
Alok Maskara: We haven't sized or broadcast that yet, but we know what we used to have, and we also know that the industry broadly has a healthy mix between emergency replacement and key account and we are essentially almost all key accounts. So the industry is 60:40. We are probably 90:10 in that, in terms of 90% key account and 10% emergency replacement. So we do know we have a significant opportunity for us to take that forward. You can take that and multiply it by AHRI industry data, but the industry is a lot more weighted towards emergency replacement than we are. Maybe next year we will come back and give you some sizing on that.
Nigel Coe: Great. That's great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox's 2024 third quarter conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-24 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode and there will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Madison. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We are excited to share our 2024 second quarter results. Joining me is CEO, Alok Maskara; and CFO, Michael Quenzer. Each will share their prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A session. Turning to Slide 2. A reminder that during today’s call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today’s presentation and the webcast archive link for today’s call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com. Now please turn to Slide 3 as I turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning. I’m pleased to share that Lennox delivered outstanding Q2 financial results and has also made significant progress on multiple strategic initiatives. I’m proud to highlight that we have now achieved six consecutive quarters of double-digit EPS growth. This demonstrates the power of our transformation plan and management’s ability to consistently execute our growth acceleration initiatives. Turning our attention to Slide 3. Let’s review some of the achievements of this quarter. Lennox’s core revenue grew 8%, and our adjusted segment margin expanded 100 basis points to record 21.9%, resulting in an adjusted earnings per share increase of 11% to $6.83. We generated $184 million of operating cash flow and our industry-leading ROIC grew to 44%. Home Comfort Solutions delivered record segment margins of 23.3%, a 170 basis point expansion over prior year as we started experiencing the end of destocking in our two-step distribution business. Our Building Climate Solutions segment continued its track record of profit growth. In addition, we manufactured our first units at our new commercial factory in Saltillo, Mexico. As we continue to ramp up this factory, we know that there will be second half inefficiencies, but we are excited about the addition of growth capacity to better meet customer demand by year-end. One of our key accomplishments this quarter was the establishment of a joint venture with Samsung. This joint venture will open up exciting opportunities for both companies by combining Samsung’s global reach and brand strength with our direct-to-dealer distribution network. This collaboration is expected to significantly enhance our heat pump market share. Strong first half results give us the confidence to increase our full year EPS guidance, raising it to a range of $19.50 to $20.25. Our focus on executing our transformation plan continues to pay off. But before moving on, I want to express my gratitude to our dedicated employees and loyal customers who have made this success possible. Now please turn to Slide 4 for more details on our recent joint venture with Samsung. I’m excited to provide more insights on the Samsung-Lennox HVAC North America joint venture. Our collaboration is all about accelerating heat pump growth both for ducted and ductless products. Let’s start with what makes this partnership a winning combination. Lennox and Samsung are mutually exclusive ductless HVAC partners in North America, combining our strengths to create a comprehensive and integrated portfolio that will benefit our customers. This integration allows us to leverage our direct channel strength with Samsung’s global brand and technology, providing unparalleled value and service to our dealers. Heat pumps currently make up about 30% of the market and through our joint venture we can extend our reach within this fast-growing category. Our joint offerings include attractive ductless solutions, and we are particularly excited about our colder climate heat pumps, which are designed to deliver better performance in the Northern U.S. regions. Another key advantage of our joint venture is the enhanced technology it will provide our customers. Samsung’s SmartThings controls and home automation platform are at the forefront of innovation providing seamless integration and superior energy monitoring for homeowners. Both companies are committed to North American specific new product development ensuring our offerings meet the highest quality standards and deliver superior comfort to our consumers. In the future, we expect to provide our dealers with combined ducted and ductless offerings in addition to more hybrid heat pump systems. This joint venture is set to accelerate heat pump growth for us through an industry-leading portfolio with advanced technology and strong brands. Ultimately, this partnership between Lennox, a North American Champion, and Samsung, a global champion, is poised to be a winning combination. We are looking forward to driving growth and innovation together. Now let me hand the call to Michael, who will take us through the details of our Q2 financial performance.
Michael Quenzer: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. As Alok mentioned at the start of this call, we are pleased to report our sixth consecutive quarter of year-over-year double-digit earnings per share growth. In addition to delivering double-digit profit growth, we have achieved year-over-year ROS expansion in each of those quarters. The strong second quarter financial performance underscores the effectiveness of our strategies and the dedication of our team. Now I will share more details on the second quarter financial results. Core revenue was $1.5 billion, up 8%, driven by sales volumes improvements, continued pricing excellence and benefits from the AES acquisition. Adjusted segment profit increased $38 million, or 13%. This improvement is largely due to $44 million of price and mix benefits and $19 million of organic and inorganic sales volume. These profit gains were partially offset by wage inflation, new factory ramp-up costs and investments in both SG&A distribution. Total adjusted segment margin was a record 21.9%, up approximately 100 basis points versus prior year. Our second quarter tax rate was 19.9% and diluted shares outstanding were $35.8 million compared to $35.6 million in the prior year quarter. Let’s turn to Slide 6 and review the financial performance of our Home Comfort Solutions segment. The Home Comfort Solutions segment had an exceptional quarter, delivering 5% revenue growth, 13% segment profit growth and an impressive 170 basis point expansion in segment profit margin. The 5% sales growth was primarily driven by our continued pricing excellence, which delivered 4% price yield in the quarter. In the second quarter, we achieved a volume growth of 1% driven by mid-single-digit increases in our 2-step distribution channel as industry destocking concluded midway through the quarter. Sales volumes through our direct-to-contractor business were flat to the prior year. We also experienced a $19 million year-over-year increase in expenses, driven by wage and general inflation as well as critical investments in distribution and sales to further our goal of improving the customer experience. Moving on to Slide 7. The Business Climate Solutions segment also continues to deliver strong revenue growth, up 15% this quarter. 6% of this revenue growth is attributed to the AES acquisition, which was completed in the fourth quarter of last year. We are very pleased with the integration progress of this new business and the substantial synergies we have already realized. In addition to inorganic growth, we achieved a notable 9% organic volume growth driven by gradual production improvements at our existing Stuttgart factory. While these improvements are positive, total production output still limits our ability to fully meet demand. We are encouraged by the progress of our new commercial factory, which remains on track, and we successfully built our first few units in early July. Profit for the segment increased $11 million, although this was moderated by approximately $5 million in ramp-up costs for our new commercial factory in Saltillo, Mexico. Please turn to Slide 8 where I will review our cash flow performance and capital deployment strategies. Operating cash flow generated in the quarter was $184 million compared to $196 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $33 million in the quarter, a decrease of $17 million compared to the prior year. In the second half, we anticipate temporary increases in working capital as we ramp up our new commercial factory in Saltillo, Mexico and prepare for the transition to the new low GWP product. The team also remains focused on accounts payable and accounts receivable process improvements to drive efficiencies. These factors are all included in our full year free cash flow guidance and long-term cash conversion targets. Maintaining our industry-leading ROIC is an important part of our investment strategy, additional factory capacity, enhancements to our distribution network and smooth regulatory transitions enable us to consistently deliver results and improve our competitiveness in the market. In addition, we’re continually evaluating M&A opportunities that fit our strategic objectives positioning us for sustained growth market leadership. We have a very strong balance sheet with net debt to adjusted EBITDA at 1.2x, down from 1.8x in the prior year. Our strategy for capital deployment remains focused on prioritizing high-return capital expenditure investments, increasing dividends annually and share repurchases dependent on M&A activity. We are also dedicated to maintaining our investment grade rating. If you will now turn to Slide 9, I will review our revised 2024 full year guidance. After the second quarter results and more visibility into the second half of the year, we have refined our full year revenue guidance for each segment. The table on the left summarizes our full year revenue growth factors. Total company revenue is still projected to increase by approximately 7%. We now expect low single-digit improvement in sales volumes, which reflects increases for both segments. Price and mix expectations remained relatively unchanged within the range of mid-single-digit revenue growth. As a result of our strong first half profit performance, we are raising our full year earnings per share guidance to $19.50 to $20.25 from the previously guided $19 to $20. We’re also maintaining our free cash flow guidance at $500 million to $600 million. Component cost inflation is now expected to be up low single digits compared to mid-single digits in our previous guide. We still anticipate year-over-year increases in R-410A refrigerant and commodity inflation. We anticipate ramp-up costs of approximately $10 million for the new Saltillo, Mexico factory along with approximately $10 million associated with refrigerant transition across both segments’ manufacturing facilities. SG&A expenses are expected to increase in the year as a result of both inflationary pressures and investments. Our investments are focused on resources to improve customer experience and distribution growth initiatives. We will also be making investments in both sales and marketing to support our long-term growth targets. Capital expenditures are expected to remain unchanged at $175 million. Interest expense is still expected to be approximately $50 million. And tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%. Overall, our performance in the first half of the year, combined with increased clarity on market risks, has given us the confidence to raise and narrow our EPS guide range. With that, please turn to Slide 10. And I’ll turn it back over to Alok for an overview of end markets.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Michael. Let me provide updates on our outlook and share opportunities for both our segments. Within our Home Comfort Solutions segment, historically, Consumer Health has been a significant driver of the repair versus replace decision. Therefore, we are diligently monitoring macroeconomic factors, but have only seen minor shifts toward repairs. Encouragingly, industry inventory levels have largely returned to normal and recent updates on EPA ruling have provided greater clarity to the upcoming refrigerant transition. In the Home Comfort Solutions segment, the greater share opportunities will result from successfully executing the upcoming refrigerant transition, improving overall fulfillment rates and enhancing go-to-market capabilities. Within the Building Climate Solutions end market, we continue to watch for any indication of short-term disruptions due to the refrigerant transitions. However, order rates and backlog continue to be stable and feedback from our customers suggest that there is a strong pent-up demand for rooftop replacements. While we have seen project delays in some verticals, we are encouraged by the customer interest in our new cradle to grave services enabled by the recent AES acquisition. We remain excited about the opportunity to gain share in the emergency replacement market, leveraging our upcoming production capacity at Saltillo. The new production capacity at Saltillo will also free up capacity at our Stuttgart plant to target additional key accounts. Overall, our outlook for the year remains cautiously optimistic. Based on Lennox’s history of successful regulatory transitions, we expect to benefit from new product mix and potential market share growth. Now please turn to Slide 11. As we conclude today’s earnings call, I want to reaffirm our confidence in our ability to consistently deliver growth results by focusing on the five elements of our strategic transformation plan. First, we will continue to accelerate growth by improving our go-to-market effectiveness. Second, we will expand resilient margins through pricing excellence, increased productivity and by leveraging our direct-to-dealer network. Third, by leveraging the Lennox unified management system, we will streamline processes, leverage best practices, and consistently execute our strategy. Fourth, our continued technological advancement will enable Lennox to remain at the forefront of innovation for our customers. Finally, our core values and guiding behaviors are the foundation of our winning culture, supported by our pay-for-performance incentive structure. This comprehensive strategy not only supports our brand performance, but also reinforces our commitment to delivering long-term goals. I am immensely proud of our achievements, and I firmly believe that our greater successes are still ahead of us. Thank you for listening. We will be happy to take questions now. Madison, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start on the price mix contribution at up 3% versus the mid-single-digit guide. Are you expecting price mix to improve in the second half?
Michael Quenzer: Hey Ryan, this is Michael. No, actually, what we’re expecting is the second half of the year to be similar to the first half. So I think we were kind of low-single digits in the first half, I think we’re applying slightly mid-single digits in the second half. If you recall in the first quarter, we had some unfavorable mix, mostly because of residential new construction in the HCS business. But overall, price mix should continue on similar to what we saw in Q2.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. And then I had a question on the outlook. Just to clarify, residential, you lowered it to up 5, I think, it was up 6 last quarter, but you raised the volume to low single digits from flat. Can you just unpack that a little bit and talk about what you are expecting in the second half?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. That’s just cleaning up some of the guide points based off the year-to-date mix that we’ve seen in both Q1 and Q2.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. So nothing has really changed with the resi outlook. You mentioned minor shift to repair, but not a lot has changed.
Michael Quenzer: Nope. Not a lot. We just cleaned up with the guide points.
Ryan Merkel: All right, thanks, I am passing on.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Damian Karas with UBS.
Damian Karas: Hey good morning everyone.
Michael Quenzer: Good morning.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Damian.
Damian Karas: Congrats on the JV. Alok, maybe I just wanted to ask you about that, how are you thinking about the financial impact of the JV? You talked a little bit about it’s really focused on heat pump and our opportunity to gain the market share, how much of an uplift to your organic growth profile for the residential Home Comfort Business? Do you think that represents? And any other kind of margin or cash flow impact to the JV we should be thinking about?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Yes, thanks. So, let me start by saying it’s going to impact both the Home Comfort Solutions and also the Building Climate Solutions because, obviously, we bring many splits mostly for HCS, and we bring VRF products mostly for BCS on both sides. As we looked at our long-term goals, we have always talked about that heat pump penetration is a pending opportunity for Lennox. And this essentially closes the gap between our portfolio and what the market leading portfolios were. The cash flow margins on that from a JV contribution, it’s not going to be meaningful. What’s going to be meaningful is the margins we make on selling the products, the share we gain by expanding our heat pump portfolio and the increased benefit of having a strong partner like Samsung as we develop new technology, whether it’s core climate, heat pump technology, or just simply look at controls such as smart things and total integration for a home or building control. But the JV itself, the way we look at it is the financials are not going to be material to our bottom line numbers, but it’s going to be the results of partnering and selling those products that we are super excited about. We went through a long process. We’ve been exploring for this for about two years, spoke to several different potential partners, and we do believe Samsung is kind of the best partner for us given that we have – we can consider ourselves as the North American champion and they consider themselves and are a global champion. So putting that together, we are excited about the combination.
Damian Karas: Makes sense, thanks for that. And I want to ask you about Home Comfort. I think investors were getting pretty bullish just experiencing some of the hot temperatures thus far this summer, so it feels like kind of your resi volumes are a little bit more stable. You did raise the expectations for the year to low single digits. Could you just maybe talk about kind of how your orders, trends have been progressing through the second quarter and kind of how July has been playing out so far?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So one of the things we – Michael and try I really, really hard is not to talk about weather in an earnings conference call. And I think there’s a – I’ve never seen any upside to talk about whether in the earnings conference call, but it does have an impact. But listen, the year is progressing along as we expected is a simple way to look at it. Yes, there was some price mix cleanup that we did based on results year-to-date. But overall, the volumes are as we expected. Last year, we talked about destocking ending in the first half. It ended in Q2. We had wished it ended in Q1. We think consumer demand is very stable, and that’s reflected in our volume guide for the year and our first half performance. So nothing really has changed. What’s exciting there is the upcoming 454B refrigerant, that the EPA rules and the clarification on EPA rules has just given us more confidence going forward on what it could be. But at the same time, there are quite a few uncertainties that remains in the second half. And those are around 454 transitions, how competition will do around that, will there be a large pre-buy or not, election years could be weird for consumer behavior, so we are watching out for all of that. So we built all of that uncertainty into our second half guide and try to reflect that.
Damian Karas: Great, thanks for your thought. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our next question from Tommy Moll with Stephens Inc.
Tommy Moll: Good morning. And thank you for taking my questions.
Alok Maskara: Good morning.
Michael Quenzer: Good morning, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: First question for you on the Home Comfort Solutions volume, so the outlook for the year went from flat to up low singles. Can you just tell us what your underlying assumptions are there for two-step versus direct? And then on the two-step side, any context you can provide as to how the destocking ended through Q2, even if just anecdotal would be of interest. Thank you.
Michael Quenzer: Sure, Tom. Yes, on the full year guide, what we’re expecting on the sell-through of the direct side is approximately flat for the full year and down the two step up mid-single digits. So that kind of blends to up low single-digit increase. As you recall, when we went into the year, we expected the direct side through our Lennox channel to be down low single digits, that’s performing a little bit better. And then the destocking, as we mentioned, yes, it definitely accelerated as we went through the quarter, and June was better than the beginning of the quarter. So pleased to see the destocking ending.
Tommy Moll: Thanks Michael. As a follow-up, I wanted to hit on the reference to product mix and inflation. Alok, this was on your 2024 slide. I’m just talking to the drivers of some of the end markets. And I’m just curious what was behind that comment. And maybe more importantly, Alok, do you continue to view ten plus percent as a cumulative realization on the A2L product? Thanks.
Alok Maskara: Yes. Let me start with the 10%, yes, the answer is simple, and it’s yes. We continue to expect ten-plus percentage pricing benefit on that. I think there’s any change in the product mix that we talked about and Michael referenced earlier, were minor. It was more driven by the fact that we do see consumers continue to demand 410 products and we don’t see the industry or ourselves having a significant share of 454B sales this year. If we had talked about in Q1, we’re just kind of reconfirming that 454B is going to be about 10% plus pricing increase. We think majority of this year’s sales are going to continue to be 410A even more than we thought previously. And we remain very bullish about 454B next year as a step change in the industry’s profile around margin expectations and a step change in technology. And we are also very confident that we are in a strong, strong position to execute well and give up dealers exactly what they want, which is they want 410 products as long as possible, and then they want to switch to 454B as seamlessly as possible.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Alok. I’ll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning everyone. Hey, speaking of election uncertainty, can you just level set us on what your – how much of your sales contribution is coming out of your Mexico facilities at this point? I think we had it sort of in the mid-20s when we did this fire drill in 2018 and 2019? Any update there would be helpful. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: So sure. On the BCS side, we’re just starting the Mexico facility, so it’s close to zero on that one right now. On the HCS side, our low-end products are mostly made in Mexico. Overall, I would say it’s about half of our products come from Mexico. And we have obviously all the standard protections around making sure we have the Maquiladora structure and all that set up. We’ll see where the election goes. I mean, I think we are in a very strong position. We are taking steps to just like starting two years ago to reduce our reliance and sourcing more products locally and we continue to do that. But we do have half of our production coming from Mexico, which gives us substantial advantages even when we buy components and bring them from overseas into Mexico.
Michael Quenzer: And I’ll just add, our competition also manufacturers in Mexico is very similar to us.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Understood. And then, Michael, just on free cash flow, it’s kind of a modest weak, right? But estimate – net income is going up, free cash flow isn’t, it already wasn’t a particularly strong free cash flow conversion year. Just kind of what’s going on there? And maybe we know CapEx is probably going down in 2025, which will help on the conversion, but maybe just a little bit of additional color on what to expect – how things play out the remainder of the year and into the first part of next year?
Michael Quenzer: Yes, I think some of that is just around flexibility. We want to work with the markets and our customers as this 410A transition occurs to the 454B and the ramp-up of the new factory to make sure we have sufficient raw materials and inventory there. So really, it’s just more uncertainty in the second half of some of our inventory levels, but we’re focused on driving that cash flow perspective. But then as we get into next year, we’ve set targets at near 90% cash flow conversion. That’s what we’re focused on right now.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks. I’ll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. So Alok, I know would have a live just installed a bunch of Samsung heat pumps and they’re great. So congratulations on that JV. I’m not sure you’ve got a slice of that, by the way. It might have been before the JV was formed, but it’s worked really well. So just talking about the sell-through down mid-single full year direct business, June had two few selling days. So I know you don’t like to talk about the weather, but maybe just address what impact those two few selling days’ motor pads [ph] on the Home Comfort performance this quarter.
Alok Maskara: Sure. So I think Home Comfort on the direct side, Q2 was flat to last year, and we are guiding the full year also to be flat. Our original guide was to say we would be down low single digits on a direct-to-dealer method. So implied guide is higher for us in terms of in a direct side. On the 2-step, we expect second half to be pretty strong. But as you can imagine, the destocking went on a little longer than we all had expected. That’s kind of the only change that has happened in our outlook for HCS is midway through the year. As Michael said, we updated a bunch of our guide points. But the reality, the only change has been that we destocking lasted a little longer, but now we are confident is over our direct is doing a little better than we expected to be essentially flat compared to last year. And we think 454B is going to be on track and it’s going to be launched and sold mostly in 2025. But there’s no really change to our outlook beyond that.
Nigel Coe: Yes. But the June impact, did that have an impact in the quarter?
Alok Maskara: Sorry, which impact?
Nigel Coe: The selling days, the two few selling days, did that have an impact?
Alok Maskara: No. I think from a 2Q, we didn’t see any specific impact of that, no.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Great. And then just digging into the commercial – the building control segments. Price mix, I think, was pretty flat this quarter. That’s obviously been very strong. I know you got tougher comps as we sort of lap that impact. But anything to call out there? I know you’re still calling for a mid-single-digit impact on price mix. So just wondering if there’s anything intra-quarter that we should think about?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. We have some normal transitory mix within that segment. As you recall, we have HVAC equipment. We have services and we have refrigeration business. We did see a little bit of unfavorable mix, mostly in the service and refrigeration business, but nothing to be concerned about just kind of transitory normal mix. We expect that to continue kind of mid-single digits for the balance of the year in that segment.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe I just wanted to start with the BCS segment. So the top-line outlook, you talked about sort of solid demand, and you mentioned again these project delays that you talked about last call, but obviously, you’ve taken up the volume guide for that segment for the year a little. So maybe just sort of update us, are these project delays kind of more or less than you’d thought a few months ago in BCS. And any kind of updated thoughts about how we should look at the education vertical within BCS just as that as a funding starts to sort of wind down over the next couple of years. Any sort of broad brush thoughts on that? And maybe too early to throw Mexico plant impact, but anything you could give us on the top-line.
Alok Maskara: Sure. On the first part of the project delays, I think it’s getting better, not worse, nothing to answer your question. When we called it out in Q1, there was a lot more noise. Part of it is everybody reads some news articles and we try and interpret our own results. But our backlog remains strong, orders remain strong, and we are still heavily supply constrained, not demand constrained. On the education vertical, it’s kind of fairly steady. And I know there was some IRA funding, but we ran out. But education has been a good growth engine for us. Our share has been low. We are gaining share in that vertical, and we also feel really good about all the other verticals that have not picked up yet, especially around some of the food service and retail that went through the COVID lows and now they’re kind of coming back up. So from our perspective, we don’t think that makes a meaningful impact either way for us going forward, because we continue to be the end supply constrained or demand constrained in our BCS business.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot. And then just my follow-up would be, I suppose, I know that you and Michael, for very good reasons, don’t like to get too in the weeds on sort of quarterly color and all the rest of it. But just as we’re halfway through the year. I don’t know if there’s any sort of points you could give us for the balance of the year. I think often, for example, the third quarter, we get that seasonal double-digit earnings decline sequentially. I just wondered if this year might be different because of something going on with the refrigerants change coming up or the Mexican plant just starting pilot production? And just on that Mexican plant sort of related, just any sort of pointers on revenue effects over the next 12 months?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So I’d say on the – let me start with the Mexican plant and then I’ll come back to the other part of your question. On the Mexican plant, we had inefficiencies in Q2, and we called it out. Imagine we have like 300 to 400 people fully on our payroll, a building under construction, but zero sales. So from that perspective, something similar will happen in Q3 as well. So I think that’s sort of embedded and built into our numbers and guide. From a revenue perspective, we expect the bulk of the revenue to start coming through only 2025. We want to make sure these products are really good, highest quality. We are going to test them fully. We’re going to field try them before we start of mass market launch. And of course, there will be revenue in Q4 as well. But I think a meaningful revenue from Mexico would be in 2025. Not much has changed in terms of seasonality. I think the historical seasonality in Q2 and Q3 used to be similar, we may have had some situations back and forth. But I think that will be a similar. What we have to watch out for, honestly, is to think about is there going to be a significant amount of pre-buy a 410A product? And if there is demand, does the manufacturers have the capacity and ability to make additional 410A product. That’s sort of the uncertainty that concerns us right now. But we sort of embedded that within the range of the guidance point we gave out. But I would expect nothing unusual besides the Mexican plant inefficiency that we mentioned [Technical Difficulty] early.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. So third quarter is sort of similar to Q2 and then we have that Mexican caveat this year to watch.
Alok Maskara: Yes, essentially with a normal seasonality bits like last year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Thanks so much for taking the questions. On the Samsung JV, Alok, can you kind of walk us through the game plan for how this gets operationalized when the Samsung products start to become available to the dealers and in distribution and sort of the strategy around how you’re marketing that? And then Michael, I believe it was already said that it’s not expected to be any material contribution this year. But presumably, there’s going to be good growth and equity income at some point from this you’re not consolidating it. Correct me if I’m wrong, so this should show up as an equity income contribution. Where will that actually show up in the financials? Will that be in corporate? Will be split among the segments? Because presumably, it’s going to be margin accretive once it starts coming on.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Let me start on the availability. So to minimize any dealer disruptions, we are going to launch the Samsung products in the A2L range. So we will run out with our current products and keep running through that through the 410A transition and that Samsung powering the Lennox product would be launched as the new R32 product, and so you would expect it towards the end of the year. So until then for our dealers and all, it’s status quo. Obviously, in the background, we are doing everything from making sure we have sufficient inventory in hand, getting the branding right, doing test marketing with the dealers, going through the technology SPACs [ph], but essentially revenue 2025 launch this year. On the second aspect of it in the JV, the equity income, again, is not going to be meaningful. The whole point of this JV is going to be around technology development and the margins we make on selling the product through our channels. Samsung will make manufacturing margin. We would make distribution margin. And it’s a great way for us to test and demonstrate how we are going to be a better distributor. Now we already do this with a different vendor. So it’s not new, and you’re not going to see a step change anywhere. If I were to model anything, I would just model greater heat pump market share for Lennox based on this JV, because we think this gives us a very strong offering, great brand name, and it gives us dealers a great choice to fight against other market-leading companies who are currently dominating this space.
Michael Quenzer: And on, I’ll just add specific to where it’s going to land in the P&L. We already have equity income on our P&L. So it will be on top of that. But as Alok mentioned, it’s going to be minimal. The biggest gain is going to be within the segments for sales and margins.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Very helpful. That plays into the second question around distribution. You called out some increased investments. You’ve been very clear that you have a strategy to become a best-in-class distributor, maybe unpack some of the use of those investments you’re making here and through the back half of the year. Help us understand how the strategy is progressing.
Alok Maskara: Sure. The strategy is progressing really well. We are pleased with what we are saying. Some leading indicators such as fill rate have improved substantially. So like at the end, all of this investment spend is worth nothing if we don’t deliver the appropriate impact to the customer and if it doesn’t reflect in our share. So all of those things are running positive for us. Fill rate, customer share, customer satisfaction, all of that’s doing well. The investment is around, a lot of just around warehousing, logistics, a lot is around IT systems and making sure we have the appropriate systems to keep track of our products, do the appropriate [indiscernible]. And then finally, talent. We are now getting to world-class talent level, a lot from outside, some from inside, putting it all together. And we remain committed to putting those – in some cases, we were just behind. We started this as company-owned factory outlets, and we’re now becoming a distributor, and we have raised the power on ourselves. But we are really pleased with the progress as we see all the leading indicators, which bodes well for us from continued market share gain going forward in the future as well.
Noah Kaye: Thanks very much as always for the caller. Looking forward to seeing the progress.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Hey guys. Good morning. So I think I’m going to start with the – in the Home Comfort Solutions business, you guys called out that $19 million drag to margins. I know that you’ll give a lot more color in the queue, but – maybe if you could just give us some of the kind of moving pieces, whether it’s SG&A, freight and then also component costs because you have seen probably a pretty material decline in your material cost. And I’m curious how you’re thinking about that through the rest of the year as well.
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So the component costs are actually in that product cost buckets. So we are seeing a little bit better on the component costs, mostly material cost reduction programs. The $19 million of other, think of it about half of that related to freight and distribution and a good portion of that being investments in distribution, the other half being SG&A inflation and some of the IT and investments in head count that Alok mentioned.
Alok Maskara: Yes. And just as a reminder on that, if I could jump in. I mean, we have broadcast very loudly that we’re investing in additional sales resources. Our Lennox residential HVAC business has 20% additional sales resources. We are redoing our incentive comps. So this has all been under works for a while, but by the end of the year, we will start lapping ourselves on this, but these are all necessary and appropriate investments with very attractive payback.
Joe Ritchie: Yes. That makes sense. And I guess maybe just a longer-term question, Alok, given the Bosch announcement on the JCI assets, whenever there’s any kind of changing in the hands, there’s sometimes some investor angst as to what that means for the kind of discipline of the industry. I’d be curious to hear if you have any just initial thoughts on whether you think this kind of changes industry dynamics or your ability to continue to kind of gain share, particularly in the residential sector.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Well, on that one, I’ll first start congratulating the management team at Bosch and the management team at JCI on the transaction. I’m sure it was hours and hours of hard work, lost leap of multiple weekends, not that I’m speaking for experience on the same transaction or anything, but I just want to congratulate them and glad that is finally sealed and signed. From our perspective, I think Bosch is a very reputable company. I think they focus on technology. They have done wonderful things by investing in R&D and they plow a lot of money back into charitable and social causes. I mean we are looking forward to Bosch joining the list of very disciplined industry players and becoming another one of them. I mean they are much better than some of the other field owners of the JCI assets and I’m super excited that the industry will remain disciplined going forward and we’ll compete on technology. We’ll compete on differentiation. We’ll compete on better service and quality. So I’m super excited about where we are.
Joe Ritchie: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning.
Michael Quenzer: Good morning.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Just – yes on the refrigerant change, I’m just wondering have you guys introduced your new products and pricing into the market and gotten any feedback? And then we’ve heard from a couple of other competitors that they’ve kind of put out the last call for 410A which might start to indicate what level of pre-buy you might get. Just any color on those two fronts.
Alok Maskara: Yes. It seems – Jeff, it seems that every competition has launched these products on social media. If you look at the nice pretty picture that we all put out. But I think from practice, you can’t buy a 454B unit from anybody yet. So I think that’s – we had a similar situation. Are we ready to launch it? Yes. Have we made a few trial units, yes, just like everybody else. We are on track to launch it as customer demand picks up, especially as we get into 2025. From overall last call perspective, we haven’t made a last call, but we are working with our distribution partners and dealers to truly understand what their demand requirements are and tailor our manufacturing according to that. We have a very focused operation, as you know, and we want to remain flexible to give our dealers and distributors what they want. So for us, right now, our production is 410A and we’ll continue producing it till the time the dealers want it until the time the law allows us to do it.
Jeff Hammond: So I guess the comment on trade down is that as you’re getting feedback from your distributors and dealers that are wanting more of that 410A. But anything else within kind of the trade down dynamic where consumers are trading down, whether in SEER or future?
Alok Maskara: Yes. The trade down, which is a mix comment Michael was saying. First of all, any reference is mostly just rounding and small. But yes, we are expecting to sell more 410A versus more 454B. But even beginning of the year, we were expecting to sell mostly 410A throughout the year. No major dynamics on the consumer as we went from 13 to 14 SEER, obviously, there’s some compression in the product line, right? Like people who are buying 16 SEERs and I’m often happy with the 14, so it’s a bit of a natural thing as we can sell lower SEER products, but we don’t see any meaningful trade down. If I think of our sales of Merit products, Elite products and Signature got a good, better, best, those ratios are relatively the same. So I don’t see major trade down on that.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho.
Brett Linzey: Hi. Good morning all. I wanted to come back to BCS. So the factory ramp costs unchanged at $10 million for the year. What was the total impact year-to-date? And I guess as the production ramps into next year, should we think of that capacity getting absorbed in that $10 million becomes a tailwind? Or is there still some under absorption you’re going to fill there?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So year-to-date, it was $7 million, so $5 million in Q2, $2 million in the first quarter. And that’s exactly right. So as we fully ramp up that factory to full efficiency second half of next year, we’ll start to see the efficiencies – those inefficiencies go away.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And then just on the pilot units in early July, so you’re making the necessary factory investments. Where do you stand from a boots on the ground front-end selling standpoint as you look to reenter that emergency replacement market next year? Have you made the investments? Or is there more to go?
Alok Maskara: We have made most of the investments. So at Q2 exit, the run rate would reflect most of the investments made in there. We were hiring starting kind of Q4 last year and over the past three quarters, Q4, Q1, Q2, we have made the necessary investment, and it is reflected in our Q2 exit rate. It’s gone very well. I mean we’re excited about the increase in our boots on the ground, we’re excited about the process discipline that we are bringing along with that. We’re also super excited about sort of putting our customers and dealers in a position to win again and getting them the confidence around our own availability, our lead time. And now we are in the process of setting up distribution points around the country to make sure that we can satisfy emergency replacement demand the same day in most cases and next day at the worst because that’s sort of the critical portion of how you win this. So we know we’re in that portion, and that’s some of the distribution investment that we mentioned earlier.
Brett Linzey: Appreciate the insight. Best of luck.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Volkmann with Jefferies.
Steve Volkmann: Hi. Good morning, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but just a couple of follow-ups. What is – how should we think about your heat pump share now in terms of trying to think about what the upside could be under the JV?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I think we mentioned that heat pumps in the U.S. are around 30% of sales. We are closer to 20%, 25% of sales. So if you think about that like there’s a significant delta between our sales and where the industry is. Share depends on, obviously, different players, so don’t want to comment on shares, but think of that five to 10-point difference between us and the industry has an opportunity for us to win that amount and accelerate our growth. It’s going to come from two things, right? One is the Samsung piece. Second is also launching on a unitary side or the ducted side, combined products are just more products on the heat pump that meet the cold climate requirement, and that’s all going to happen in the first half of next year. As currently, all our innovation teams are focused on A2L, and once we take a breather out of it, we have a new lineup of heat pump ready to go on the unitary side as well. So super excited about what this brings to us and our ability to claw back and get into the industry average for heat pump share. So we are quite behind.
Steve Volkmann: Perfect. Okay. Thanks. And then are you at all concerned that a change in administration might have some impact on the A2L transition either in terms of timing or amount or anything like that?
Alok Maskara: No, we are not. This is kind of baked into law at this stage. And some of these changes happened when the administration was under a different political party. So I think at this stage, there’s absolutely no chance of that happening.
Steve Volkmann: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Joe O’Dea with Wells Fargo.
Joe O’Dea: Hi. Good morning. Can you just give the cadence of the refrigerant conversion cost that $10 million you called out, how we see that kind of filtering over the course of the year?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. It’s all going to be second half. So we haven’t experienced any of that yet, and it will be kind of equal Q3 and Q4.
Joe O’Dea: Okay. And then Al, can you just expand a little on how you think about the ROI attached to the 20% increase in sales resources. What – and is that primarily focused on kind of emergency replacement and with the new facility coming online. So overall, kind of what your time line is? And how you’re thinking about that ROI and the markets that you’re going after?
Alok Maskara: Sure. From an ROI perspective, I think Michael talks about this, right. I think our internal investments are the best ROI and adding these resources has a better ROI than putting in new machineries in our factories. So it’s a pretty quick ROI. Most of these are two years or less payback. And most of the payback is around hiring process, getting people trained and ramp up, and they’re not really very efficient for the first six to nine months, and they get pretty efficient after that. So it’s good ROI. And the 20% comment, remember it applies both in our BCS and HCS. On HCS, it was about being a better distributor supporting our dealers better. And in BCS, yes, it was about focusing on emergency replacement and getting our district fully staffed up to do that, while maintaining our key accounts and investing in a key account from process and digital and separating those out in an appropriate way. So quick payback, super excited about it. What we need is production capacity and finally glad to see the SALTO factory with a roof on and with some units rolling through the conveyor belts.
Joe O’Dea: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: So most of my list has been answered. I guess maybe I’ll ask one, two-part question. So BCS margins, I guess, is the expectation for continued year-on-year contraction in the second half as the plant ramps up? And I think you guys had expected kind of modest expansion for the full year. So I assume that’s still the outlook. And then ditto on the resi HVAC side, I think you were also looking for modest expansion in margins in that segment for the full year. Just wondering if there’s been any shift in that? Thank you.
Michael Quenzer: No, that’s generally what’s implied in our guide. Overall, if you look at our total guide, we’re projecting about a 50 basis margin expansion for the enterprise. And yes, there will be some contraction in the second half, mostly because of the ramp-up costs, both to transition to the new refrigerant and the second factor BCS. But those are the kind of headwinds we see in the second half that a little bit of a margin decline. But overall, full year margins up.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks Michael. I’ll pass it on.
Michael Quenzer: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Deane.
Deane Dray: Just had a quick first question on the emergency replacement share opportunity. Just to make sure I understand what – where does it stand today? What has been lacking? What are you intending to do better to capture that opportunity?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Thanks, Deane. I mean that’s an important portion of our future growth opportunity, both from revenue and margin. So thanks for bringing it up. So pre-disruption in Stuttgart, so think of like pre-2021, 2022, we had small share in emergency replacement. That went to essentially zero during the Stuttgart disruptions. We have started selling into emergency replacement now, but we are still selling drips and drabs, not in any sustained flow basis. We look at that as a significant opportunity for us. For the full industry, emergency replacement is up to half of the revenue, depending on which player you talk about. So think of us so far being focused only on the other half and having very little or no share on the emergency replacement piece. So over the multiyear horizon, we think it’s a huge opportunity. Next year, we’ll start making significant dent on it. And overall, our market share will still remain very low from – compared to the other large players remember, we are like third or fourth largest player in the industry. So from that perspective, I’m not worried about disrupting the market because the whole industry is still running short of capacity.
Deane Dray: Will that be a data point you’ll be providing on a go-forward basis or just provide color?
Alok Maskara: We just provide color. I don’t want to get like too much into quarter-by-quarter emergency replacement share or trends versus share because it could be lumpy, not on the emergency replacement side on the key account side, where we have often big projects. And some of it becomes giving away competitive dynamics as well.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just a quick question on the colder climate heat pump technology. Is that something proprietary to Lennox, just give us some color there on what that edge is and what the efficiency is in terms of how it works in colder-climate?
Alok Maskara: Sure. As you know, all colder-climate comes up using the vapor injection technology with like appropriate compressors in there. So that part itself is not proprietary because the entire industry uses the exact same technology. What’s proprietary around that is the valves, the controls, the algorithm behind those controls and those are all proprietary to us. And obviously, on the mini-split VRF, those would be proprietary to Samsung. So I want to separate out the controls technology, which is proprietary versus the compressor and the vapor injection technology, which is fairly industry standard used by all of us. As everybody buys compressors on the same two or three vendors, so that’s kind of where we stand. It impacts us the most because our market share in the Northern U.S. is higher than our market share in the Southern U.S. Some of the leading industry players have higher market share in the South easy warm regions and lower in the North. So for us, it just becomes a more meaningful change in penetration of heat pumps that impacts us more than others.
Deane Dray: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey good morning.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for fitting me in. Just on the – first of all, just on the EPS as a follow-up to Julian’s question, I think the normal seasonality is maybe down in EPS, but you said effectively flat in line with normal seasonality? Is there something that’s influencing that? Or maybe seasonality is tough to nail down over the last several years. But I just wanted to get a little more precision on that seems a little bit better than normal seasonality flat sequentially?
Alok Maskara: Yes. So when we’re talking about flat, we were referring to inefficiencies and other things such as the ramp-up cost and other pieces, those are flat. But no, we do expect normal seasonality Steve, the flat deal reference is...
Steve Tusa: Get down – down sequentially?
Michael Quenzer: Yes, normal revenue seasonality.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So EPS, flat, up, down 3Q.
Michael Quenzer: You’re just going to have the headwinds of the ramp-up in investments that we talked about that are going to be similar in Q3 and Q4.
Alok Maskara: Yes. And we – as Steve, we don’t give quarterly guidance on EPS. We don’t want to be kind of caught in trying to give one.
Steve Tusa: Okay. All right. All right. You could have just said that before, I would have, wouldn’t have pushed. So yes. I probably would have pushed anyway. So moving along. The commercial business, so what is the revenue breakout of that today from an end market perspective?
Michael Quenzer: Yes, it’s about 50% HVAC, 30% refrigeration, 20% service.
Steve Tusa: But then like end market-wise, what I meant?
Michael Quenzer: Oh, end market?
Steve Tusa: For commercial equipment.
Alok Maskara: Yes. Within commercial equipment we talked about majority fee account, a little bit in emergency replacement. We don’t break it out by vertical. If you’re looking for like what’s education, what’s retail, what’s food service, we don’t give that out.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Got it. All right. Thanks a lot.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Michael Quenzer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gautam Khannal with TD Cowen.
Gautam Khannal: Hey, good morning guys.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khannal: I wanted to ask about the state program to utilize some of the IRA incentives. It looks like a handful of states have been approved, and I’m wondering if you’re actually seeing it in, how you guys are going to market, how your dealers going to market? Is it actually stimulating sales at this point?
Alok Maskara: First of all, I think it went better than I expected, Gautam. Last time you and I chatted, I thought we’d never see that money, but the fact that a bunch of the states have actually applied and making progress. So that is better than we expected. Second, I would say, is we are very well positioned given our direct-to-dealer and our Lennox pros and our engines, which calculate all the rebates and incentives, all of that to put together the right proposal for dealers, I think we are better positioned than most. Thirdly, we’ll let to really answer your question, no, we haven’t seen a meaningful impact of that yet. If the current trend continues, and it’s keep getting the approval and put that through, it still would be end of the year/early next year where we’ll see – we’ll start seeing some of those come through. There is some technical hurdles to be managed through that but the progress, honestly, better than the skeptical side of me had thought it would be six months ago.
Gautam Khannal: That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up on the third-party channel. I’m just curious, given the higher rate environment, we’re done with destocking. Do you think there will be any meaningful lease stocking or will they be reticent to carry much inventory given the carrying costs are higher?
Alok Maskara: Still a bit unknown there. I mean honestly, I would because a lot of those folks think more in terms of dollars versus units and dollars might still be up given the inflation impact over the past two years. I think folks are going to be more disciplined than, let’s say, the R-22 transition in other places. But I do think there could be a meaningful amount of people building up inventory just because of uncertainty and the history of some of the manufacturers who don’t always get this transition right. So I think it will be less than that. But a higher rate environment means we didn’t bake in a lot around pre-buy and anything else in our forecast because of exactly what you said, Gautam, about the interest rate environment. But if industry starts not meeting demand or there’s some disruption that’s coming in the air, distributors are typically risk averse, and they will start building up inventory. Capital is still available. It just costs a little more.
Gautam Khannal: Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox’s 2024 Second Quarter Conference Call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call.  [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from the Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead. 
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Savanna. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. We are excited to share our 2024 first quarter results. Joining me as CEO, Alok Maskara; and CFO, Michael Quenzer. Each will share their prepared remarks before we move into the Q&A session.  
 Turning to Slide 2. A reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation and the website archive link for today's call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com.  
 Now please turn to Slide 3 as I turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara. 
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning. I want to begin by expressing my gratitude to our customers and employees whose loyalty to Lennox helped us deliver strong Q1 results marked by record profit margins. Specifically, I want to extend my appreciation to our dealers, distributors and key account customers for trusting Lennox to deliver industry leading HVACR products and solutions across North America. The success of our transformational effort to strengthen our distribution network, elevate customer experience, advance innovative platforms, execute pricing excellence and drive productivity can be entirely credited to the unwavering support from our employees and customers.  
 This successful quarter further demonstrates our ability to maintain our growth momentum, navigate complex end markets and effectively prepare for the upcoming low GWP regulatory changes.  
 Now let's dive into the details of this quarter on Slide 3 where I would like to highlight 4 key messages: first, Lennox's core revenue grew 6% and our adjusted segment margin expanded 157 basis points to 15.9% resulting in our adjusted earnings per share increasing 23% to $3.47.  
 Our operating cash usage was $23 million, a significant improvement from $79 million usage in the prior year. Second, Home Comfort Solutions delivered a slight revenue decline alongside moderate EBIT growth.  
 With the destocking effect on volume, counterbalanced by price and mix, we delivered 30 basis point margin expansion, and we are all glad to see the destocking phase nearing its end. Third, our Building Climate Solutions team delivered record Q1 margins supported by both revenue and profit growth. We remain on track for the opening of our new Saltillo Mexico factory in early Q3, which will enable us to fully satisfy customer demand and outgrew presence in emergency replacement market segment.  
 Lastly, we are delighted to announce the updated fiscal guidance for this year as the Q1 results give us greater confidence in our earnings per share range. Michael will provide a detailed review of the guidance later in the call. But for now, let's turn to Slide 4 for more details on the upcoming low GWP refrigerant transition.  
 We are fully prepared and on schedule for the upcoming refrigerant transition. Our product designs, manufacturing processes and technology engineering have all been finalized. We are currently transitioning our raw material inventory to facilitate the product launches, and we plan to start shipping the new low GWP refrigerant product, later this year in time to meet expected demand, we anticipate price increase of 10-plus percent for the new product line.  
 During this low GWP transition, we will face manufacturing headwinds as we convert each production line in our factories. Our approach to reconfiguring our factories will effectively balance production flexibility with cost efficiency. Looking ahead, we foresee 2024 as predominantly in R-410A refrigerant year.  
 As we move into 2025, we expect the demand for the new low GWP product to reach approximately half to 2/3 of the end market. This shift in demand will benefit our product mix and also position us favorably to capture market share. Ultimately, we are well prepared and confident in our ability to navigate this transition successfully.  
 Now please turn to Slide 5 for an overview of our initiatives to become a better distributor of HVAC products. As you know, Lennox is a top-tier HVAC distributor in North America with substantial geographical coverage through over 250 outlets supported by more than 25 regional distribution centers. Nearly 45% of Lennox's residential sales are now through our digital platform, lennoxpros.com where our contractor partners also have access to a digital service dashboard for equipment prognosis, diagnosis and monitoring. We have the opportunity to grow our market share by expanding geographic coverage and improve our share of wallet through greater focus on parts and accessories.  
 We also have an opportunity to increase dealer loyalty with improved fill rate and an enhanced customer experience. The distribution network improvements and the 3 core changes highlighted on this page will accelerate our growth and increase our margin resiliency. First, we have established a decentralized and better aligned organization that is consistent with distribution best practices.  
 As a result, local leaders who have better visibility into local market conditions will have increased autonomy for faster decision-making. Furthermore, we have established 5 regional P&Ls led by experienced leaders who are accountable for both regional sales and stores. In addition, we are building our capabilities in critical areas such as revenue operations, pricing excellence and distribution management. This is a long-term journey, and we are pleased with the early progress we have seen thus far.  
 Second, to improve the quality of our customer service, we completed a physical distribution network analysis to ensure that we have sufficient growth capacity and optimal cost structure. We have streamlined and digitized our end-to-end demand and inventory deployment processes, and we are also implementing a modern warehouse management system throughout Lennox. It will take us a few years to fully realize the benefit of these changes. But thus far, we are pleased with the recent trend in our fulfillment rate.  
 Third, we have created customer charter for our businesses and have established Net Promoter Score practices across the company. This allows us to collect feedback and set numerical goals around our customer interactions. We are delighted with the improvements we are seeing in our Net Promoter Scores and know that this is a commitment that will continue to yield results over the long term.  
 To summarize, we are becoming a technology-enabled distributor, and we are investing in talent and resources to support this growth opportunity. While there are early signs of promising results, this is a multiyear endeavor that will accelerate growth and promote margin resiliency. Now let me hand the call over to Michael, who will take you through the details of Q1 financial performance. 
Michael Quenzer: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 6. Expanding on to Alok's earlier comments, I'm excited to share our Q1 results, which not only reflect a strong start to the year, but also highlight record first quarter margins and an impressive 23% growth in adjusted earnings per share. Core revenue was $1 billion, up 6% as price gains and revenue from the AES acquisition were the main drivers of year-over-year improvement. Adjusted segment profit increased $25 million, where most of the growth came from $40 million of price and mix benefits. This was partially offset by continued inflation and investment in SG&A and distribution.  
 Total adjusted segment margin was 15.9%, up approximately 160 basis points versus prior year. Corporate expenses were $24 million, which includes $3 million of expenses previously considered noncore adjustments. Beginning in 2024, we will include certain previously categorized noncore adjustments in our adjusted earnings.  
 This approach aims to reduce recurring or immaterial adjustments, which improves our overall quality of earnings reported. Our adjusted earnings will continue to exclude the effects of business divestitures and significant nonrecurring items such as restructuring programs. Our first quarter tax rate was 19.4% and diluted shares outstanding were 35.8 million compared to 35.6 million in the prior year quarter.  
 Now let's direct our attention to Slide 7, where we can review the financial performance of our Home Comfort Solutions Segment. Revenue declined 1% to $681 million in the first quarter. The volume in our 2-step distribution channel continues to feel the effects of industry destocking and was down mid-teens. Our direct-to-contractor sales volumes were up low single digits with solid growth in the new construction channel as new homebuilding starts have rebounded.  
 Price yield was 3%, an improvement from the 2% price yield we earned in the second half of 2023, reflecting our successful execution of pricing initiatives in the quarter. The Home Comfort Solutions segment profit increased $1 million to $112 million, and segment margin also experienced approximately 30 basis points of growth to 16.6%, although pricing initiatives are progressing well, results are still impacted by inflation as well as the ongoing investments in distribution and sales.  
 Overall, given the challenging conditions in the end market, we are proud of our execution to increase profit margins even with volume and mix headwinds. We are prepared to launch the new low GWP product in the coming months and ensure the new product pricing material maintains gross margins.  
 Turning to Slide 8 in our Building Climate Solutions segment that delivered another strong quarter. The Building Climate Solutions revenue was up an impressive 21% this quarter, propelled by 7% volume growth and our best performance in many quarters. Combined price and mix were up 8%, and revenue from our AES acquisition contributed 6% revenue growth in the quarter. Building Climate Solutions profit grew by $28 million or 56% and segment margin expanded 480 basis points to 21%. These results were primarily driven by price and sales volume gains. Our profit results also reflect  $2 million headwind for our new Saltillo Mexico factory ramp-up expenses.  
 Despite ongoing production and supply chain challenges, unit production volume from the Stuttgart, Arkansas factory shows steady improvement. Additionally, we are excited for product output from the new Saltillo factory in early Q3 and we'll launch our new low GWP product in early 2025. We continue to be impressed by the Building Climate Solutions team's strong efforts in executing initiatives to pave the way for achieving our long-term targets.  
 If you will now turn to Slide 9, I will review our cash flow performance and capital deployment strategies. Operating cash flow used in the quarter was $23 million compared to $79 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $30 million for the quarter, a decrease of $5 million compared to the prior year. Later in 2024, we anticipate temporary increases in working capital as we ramp up our new Saltillo, Mexico factory and prepare for the transition to the new low GWP product.  
 Concurrently, the team is focused on improving processes and generating efficiencies in both accounts payable and accounts receivable. Both items are reflected in our full year free cash flow guidance and long-term cash conversion targets. Our commitment to high ROIC drives strategic and targeted investments that enhance our performance and competitiveness in the marketplace. As previously mentioned, the new Saltillo factory and the transition to the new refrigerant products is proceeding as planned and showing positive progress.  
 We also continue to look at bolt-on M&A opportunities that align closely with their overreaching company strategy. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.4x down from 2.1x in the prior year. Our approach to capital deployment remains consistent. We prioritize capital expenditure investments with strong returns, grow dividends with earnings, continue to explore M&A opportunities, and supplement with share repurchases when necessary. Additionally, we are committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating.  
 Turning to Slide 10. Let's review the 2024 full year guidance. Our outlook on revenue provided during our last conference call remains unchanged as first quarter trends performed as expected. As a reminder, I will reiterate a few revenue guidance points. RECONNECT The table on the left highlights full year revenue growth factors. Total company revenue is projected to increase by approximately 7%. We also expect stable sales volumes with a slight increase from Building Climate Solutions and flat for Home Comfort solutions. Price and mix are expected to drive a mid-single-digit revenue growth where price increases will ensure we remain price/cost positive.  
 As a result of our strong first quarter profit performance, we are also revising our full year earnings per share guidance to $19 to $20 from the previously guided range of $18.50 to $20. Our free cash flow guidance remains unchanged at $500 million to $600 million. Those product and other cost assumptions also remain unchanged. Component cost inflation is anticipated to be up mid-single digits including large increases in our cost to acquire R-410A refrigerant and recent inflation in commodity prices. We expect this cost inflation to be partially offset by material cost reduction programs. We anticipate ramp-up costs of approximately $10 million for the new Saltillo Mexico factory, along with approximately $5 million to $10 million associated with the refrigerant transition across our home comfort solutions manufacturing facilities. SG&A expenses are expected to increase in the year, a result of both inflationary pressures and investments. Our investments are focused on resources to improve customer service, information system advancements and distribution growth initiatives.  
 We will also be making investments in both sales and marketing to support our long-term growth targets. Capital expenditures remain unchanged at $175 million. Interest expense is still expected to be approximately $50 million and our tax rate is expected to be approximately 20%.  
 With that, please turn to Slide 11, and I'll turn it back to Alok for an overview of end markets. 
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Michael. On Slide 11, I will share our outlook on the end markets for both segments, which align with the full year guidance that Michael just went through. Within our Home Comfort Solutions segment, we have started to see a rebound in residential new construction, signaling consumer health resiliency. Nevertheless, we continue to closely monitor the repair versus replace dynamic amidst macro uncertainties. We are pleased to see distributor inventory return to near normal levels. However, the introduction of new low GWP refrigerant product and pending EPA updates on component manufacturing cutoff dates, does add inventory management ambiguity for dealers and distributors.  
 With that said, we anticipate that most of this year's sales will still come from R-410A products with limited adoption of the new R454B product towards the end of this year. Transitioning to the Building Climate Solutions segment, we expect deceleration in new construction accompanied by potential project delays. However, order rates and backlog remained strong driven by pent-up replacement demand. Insights from our National Account Services team highlight a significant upcoming need for replacements as well as increased interest in our new [indiscernible] services.  
 Our market share prospects in the BCS segment will be driven by volume from the new Saltillo Mexico factory and our expansion in the emergency replacement market. We are also securing additional wins in national accounts with our new integrated offerings made possible due to the AES acquisition. Overall, our outlook for this year remains cautiously optimistic. Given Lennox's track record of success during regulatory transitions, we anticipate benefit from new product pricing and potential market share gain. We acknowledge that the market remain uncertain, but we are confident in our proactive strategies aimed at driving growth, optimizing margins and delivering exceptional value to our customers and shareholders.  
 We do this by focusing on controllables and action items that we can drive. Now please turn to Slide 12. As a recap, Lennox operates in growth end markets, had resilient margins, demonstrates execution consistency and serves with customers through advanced technology and high-performance talent. The 5 reasons we remain confident in Lennox be a great investment opportunity is: first, we will continue to make strategic growth investments to improve our go-to-market effectiveness and support customer demand; second, margins remain a focus as we continue to evaluate our pricing strategy, implement innovative solutions to increase productivity and optimize our direct-to-dealer network; third, by leveraging the Lennox unified management system, our teams will be able to streamline processes, leverage best practices and consistently execute our strategy; fourth, our continued technological advancement will enable Lennox to remain at the forefront of innovation for our customers; finally, our team's focus on core values and guiding behaviors, is the foundation of a high-performance culture.  
 Our pay-for-performance incentive structure further aligns the talents of our team with the interest of our shareholders. Allow me to wrap up by saying thank you to each of our dedicated employees and valued customers. I'm proud of all that we have been able to accomplish, and I'm looking forward to the promising future that lies ahead of Lennox, as our best days are still ahead of us. Thank you. We'll be happy to take your questions now. Savannah, let's go to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  And our first question will come from Tommy Moll with Stephens. 
Thomas Moll: Alok, I wanted to start with a follow-up on the comments you made regarding strengthening the distribution network. You gave us a lot to think about. There are, I think, 9 different points on the slide that you introduced. You clarified it's a multiyear effort, so all very helpful context. And my question there is, if you were to focus our attention on this year and where we should look for early signs of progress where would you focus us, and to what extent can you quantify or frame some of the investments, whether in personnel, technology or elsewhere behind those efforts? 
Alok Maskara: Tommy, so on the investment side, as you see, our Q1 SG&A is up year-over-year. And so a large part of the investments that we're talking about are already in our numbers, are already in our guidance. Among the -- and this is a classic McKinsey training, right? There are 3 buckets of 3, hence, you get to 9, but that I blame on my McKinsey background or not anything else. The 2 things I would focus on would be both around our customers in terms of fulfillment rate and our net promoter score, which are both indicators -- early indicators of market share gain. And we are seeing solid progress in that. 
 Third thing we will point out is pricing excellence, which is kind of embedded in there, but do you see that in our numbers anyway. The first 2, we don't talk about publicly, but that's what I monitor internally in significant amount of detail, looking at where is our NPS and where is the fulfillment rate. 
Thomas Moll: That's helpful. For a follow-up, I wanted to ask -- this one probably goes to Michael for a couple clarifications on the raised EPS guidance midpoint. Michael, can you just refresh us on the seasonality here? Is 50-50 still the right way to think about it for first half, second half? And then related point, you mentioned a convention regarding the corporate expense and what is versus isn't included there. Any additional detail you could provide, especially if you can just give us a bogey for what you're assuming for the year would be helpful. 
Michael Quenzer: Sure. Yes. So on the seasonality from the revenue perspective, we've already mentioned that we think from a revenue perspective, Q1 is about 20% of the year. First half is about 50%, second half is about 50%. That's from a revenue perspective. And then on the items that we've now included in corporate, previously, we had some items for asbestos litigation, environmental expense, unique litigation. So these are kind of just small immaterial noisy items that were somewhat recurring, and it was about $0.25 of items last year that we've now moved into our adjusted earnings this year. 
Thomas Moll: So that would be... 
Alok Maskara: If I could just pick you back on. Sorry, go ahead, Tommy. 
Thomas Moll: Yes. I was going to say, Michael. So that would be a $0.25 unfavorable item from last year to this year. Am I hearing you correctly? 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. If those expenses are generally flat, which we think they are, yes, it's about a [$0.25] headwind. 
Thomas Moll: Okay. Got it. Sorry, Alok. 
Alok Maskara: Yes, Tommy, I was saying we did that just to improve the quality of our earnings. I mean, these items are small. They became more recurring, and we think we should only exclude onetime items, extraordinary items. So this was just a bit of a cleanup as Michael came into this role because this was a good opportunity to take these items, which had all become recurring for past many years. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. 
Jeffrey Hammond: Maybe just talk to me about residential. You called out negative mix. So I want to understand what's going on there. What are you seeing on repair, replace because we noted in our checks kind of discernible change more recently. And just as we go into the selling season, given kind of a weaker 4Q, 1Q, kind of what's the lean on kind of industry volumes for the year? 
Alok Maskara: Sure. If I could start on the mix for the first part. The mix that you're referring is just residential new construction, which was subdued last year is now coming back, and we sat and that's lower margin to us compared to replacement. So that's kind of the mix impact we were calling out that we've noticed. On the repair versus replacement, I think the jury is still out. I mean, I've read your channel checks, we've talked to our dealers, kind of depends on which part of the country and which dealer. We haven't noticed any significant change in part sales versus equipment sales, but we probably wouldn't be the first one to notice that anyway. There will be other distributors who would call that out. But our dealers remain pretty robustly optimistic on overall the life of equipment where repair may not be the most economical way to move forward. So I haven't noticed anything, but we mentioned that as a call-out because that's clearly a possibility as consumer health might get worse. 
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. And then just on the refrigerant transition pricing, I think you called out in the presentation greater than 10%. I think you've been saying 10% to 15%. Has anything really changed there other than maybe timing of when you get that? And then just what are you seeing from 410A refrigerant prices that might drive pricing changes this year? 
Alok Maskara: Sure. So if we -- on the first one, the 454 pricing, nothing has changed. Last year, we may not have been clear enough, but I think we talked a few times that we have said it will be about 15% over 2 years so that increased pricing was for '24 and '25, and we have made that statement in '23. Nothing has really changed because the fourth part of the price increase is already in process. We implemented price increases mid-Q1 and they're going to see that impact. So the remaining is 10%. So I just want to clarify that. Nothing has changed. It was just over 2 years. Now we're talking about 1 year. 
 On 410A pricing, I think the picture is mixed. I think to be fair, the actual 410A pricing ramp-up is less than we expected, and it's almost flat. But we think that's still going to move. And from our perspective, that hasn't changed our price on the end product that we are selling this year. 
Operator: Next, we have a question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. 
Ryan Merkel: Congrats on the quarter. Alok, I wanted to also ask on the A2L. Just the 50% to 60% in '25 from A2L. Just why is that the right number? And then can you clarify, is the price increase, the 10%, is that both resi and commercial? Or is commercial potentially a little bit less? 
Michael Quenzer: So first, I'll answer on the price increase. We think it's probably going to be both in the same ballpark of 10%, if not higher, both products need significant investments in the factory and some of the sensors in the compression technology. And then why we think it's 50% to 65%. I mean what we're seeing is that you're going to have a bit of a carryover into next year from our 410A systems that are able to be sold next year that were kind of built this year. Then you also have, within the EPA guidance, that you can sell components in the next year. So we think those 2 combined are going to be the 35% to 40% of the market next year and then the balance would be new adoption of the 454B refrigerant product. 
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then I also wanted to ask on resi and just trends. So down 2% for volume in the first quarter, but I realize there's some destock, I think March, but the weather wasn't great. Are you just thinking resi volumes are up low single digits, is that the right cadence the rest of the way? 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. If you kind of look at our implied guidance, you had the balance of the year would be kind of low single digits, a little stronger on the indirect than the sell-through side, but balance kind of flat to slightly up for the rest of the year. 
Alok Maskara: And that's mostly for indirect. The comps get much easier starting Q2, and we are seeing the end of destocking. 
Operator: And next, we will hear from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. 
Joseph Ritchie: So yes, maybe I'll just kind of start on just the M&A appetite question, just given there are some assets out there that could be coming to market soon just based on what's been publicly disclosed. So talk a little bit about your appetite currently and what you're looking for in potential M&A transactions going forward. 
Alok Maskara: Sure. I mean, we read the same articles that you guys read. I do follow JCI pretty closely, but that's mostly because my good friend, Jim Lucas, is now the Investor Relations leader there, and I like Jim a lot. But if I think from our perspective, nothing has really changed compared to when we talked about it in Q1. And just to kind of reemphasize that. We believe industry consolidation is good, especially as regulatory changes accelerate, you need more scale to be successful. 
 From our perspective, we have been public in the past about the interest for this asset that is rumored to be on sale and that hasn't changed either. What we are very focused on is making sure re-execute appropriately, we have a very strong path ahead of us. Our 3-year plan is going to create significant value and we have kind of talked about our long-term targets. There's so much opportunity for us to become a better distributor, improve our commercial volume through the new factory, working through pricing excellence on an ongoing basis and gain share as we successfully execute through the refrigerant changes. And we have a huge big pipeline of bolt-on opportunities as well. So while we can't talk about any specific process, we have sufficient scale to compete and we feel we are in a very good position and evaluate the opportunity that they come by. 
Joseph Ritchie: That's super helpful, Alok. My follow-up question maybe for Michael, just going back to that seasonality comment that you made. Just curious as you kind of think of just the cadence for 2Q specifically. You guys -- it seems like destocking is coming to an end. Shouldn't the seasonality be slightly better this year because you're kind of lapping destocking comps. Just any commentary around that would be helpful. 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. I think there's still some uncertainty, though in the end markets on the sell-through. I think we're trying to watch weather within Q2, it's cold here in Dallas. We'll see where it goes for the rest of the quarter. So I think there's some concerns on where weather could go. But I think the 50% of the sales in the first half still seems appropriate. 
Alok Maskara: Yes. And we don't want to call out whether for revenue upside or downside. I'm new to the industry. And whenever I worry about whether, business leaders who have been here for a longer term, say, "hey, just wait until next week." and your concerns might go away. So still early in the quarter, May and June make up a significantly bigger portion of our sales than April does. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Damian Karas with UBS. 
Damian Karas: Thanks for all the detail thus far. I just have to ask -- so we've been hearing about the end of this destocking for a few quarters now. What's driving your confidence that this is the last time we're going to hear about this as a headwind in the quarter? 
Alok Maskara: Well, we've been wrong before, so we've got to keep that in mind as I answer the question. We talked about earlier, it ending by Q4. And then in Q4, we got a sense and we signaled that is likely going to continue in Q1. As we look at leading indicators, so things such as coils, we make universal coils and when we sell those, those are typically the canary in the coal mine in terms of first to go down and first to go up. 
 So when I look at those product lines that went down first in sales, we sell them coming back up, and we had a pretty good march on those product lines and in addition conversations with our distributors. So those would be the 2 data points. But listen, we were wrong before. So maybe would be wrong again. But I think this time, we have much more data that supports it. 
Damian Karas: And then you guys have talked a little bit about stable, still solid orders in BCS. Could you maybe just give us a sense for what you're seeing different end markets, maybe national account versus emergency replacement, how that's kind of unpacked and how you're thinking about kind of book-to-bill going forward. 
Alok Maskara: Sure. If you think about our presence, remember, we don't do things like office buildings and large multistory apartment complexes. So from that perspective, our exposure to those areas, which we see were slowing last year and continue to be slow is limited, we are more in single-story building and in national accounts, whether I'd be large big boxes of any type and others. The replacement demand is what's kind of exciting, and that's what we are seeing really good momentum on as a lot of the supply constraints are behind us. 
 Lead times are normalizing across the industry, and folks are more willing to put in the investments, especially given particularly the energy and the carbon savings they are going to get out of the new equipment. 
 On emergency replacement, our share has dropped so low back. The market trends really don't matter to us. I mean it's all about share gain, and we are making good progress in getting back into our traditional dealers, our traditional accounts and we'll make a lot more progress in the second half of the year when our second factory gets up and running. So that's kind of behind what we talked about in terms of overall trend. Replacement, which is a vast majority of our sales, continues to be strong, and that's driving strong order rates. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. 
Noah Kaye: Just wanted to unpack a little bit more the price mix outlook for the balance of the year across segments like mathematically implied more of a dollar benefit in the resi segments. It sounds like that is primarily just the price increases, less so than mix, but would appreciate color on that as well as kind of color on the commercial side, what drives price mix for the balance of the year. 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So within the quarter, we had pretty good price yield of 3%, but that was only a partial yield for some of the price increases that we announced in February and into March. So we're going to see a little bit more carryover and pick up on the pricing side. I also don't expect the new construction mix to continue like it did in Q1. So we think that, that will moderate later in the year. And then we'll also start to see some of the carryover benefit from the minimum SEER efficiency products as we get to the second half of this year, maybe late in the year, a very minor favorable mix for the 454B products not really much within the guide. But overall, it's just continued pricing within HCS. 
 On the BCS guide, it's a similar story where we're lapping some really big price increases that we did last year. So you see a lot more of that in the first quarter that will then moderate in later quarters this year as we get some of the price increases that we announced in that segment as well. 
Noah Kaye: And then I really appreciate you guys taking a view on what the mix will look like on the refrigerant side next year. Just is it possible to quantify how much of a working capital headwind that is for this year because you're obviously going to have to build that inventory certainly for the direct channel before the cutoff date. 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. There's 2 things that we're focused on in working capital this year. It's inventory build. The first is some additional raw materials to help transition to the new building climate solutions factory in Mexico. So that's a piece of it. But then the other side of it is going to be to do a prebuild for some R-410A systems on the residential side depending on end market demand and how that's going to carry into next year. And then also on the BCS segment is that we can continue to build 410A unitary rooftops through the end of this year, and then we have 3 years to sell that through. So we want to make sure we have sufficient 410A demand to cover a few years of -- or continued volume for the next year or so on the BCS product. So that all adds up to about $50 million of inventory that we're going to have to add this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. 
Brett Linzey: I wanted to come back to the Building segment and really thinking about a way to dimension the new commercial capacity coming online, how does that ramp up in terms of revenue or units produced? And how should the factory utilization levels phase through the second half and then into next year? 
Alok Maskara: From a units produced, we have internal targets, but we haven't shared that externally. So I don't want to go there. I mean, over the long term, we did talk about that we got enough square footage to double the capacity. We think that happens over 5 years or more. So think of maybe perhaps at max 20% capacity slowly ramped up one line at a time. So I think that's kind of one way to think about it. But clearly, it will be prudent. We'll look at market conditions. And in some cases, we can obviously move in balance production between the existing factory and the new factory. So that's going to be one way to look at it. But we haven't put in machines in the ground to double the full capacity. We've got enough space to do that, but we'll put those investments as the demand materializes. 
Brett Linzey: Okay. Got it. Makes sense. And then just wanted to come back to the forecast on the composition of the new refrigerant products next year. I guess as the old refrigerant supply is reduced, is it reasonable to think the pricing on the legacy units also needs to step up again next year as you're dealing with less supply? 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. As we always do, we'll come out with a new price increase next year on the 410A system and depending where the cost of that gas goes up, which we expect to go up significantly. It could also have a pretty large increase similar to the 454B product. But we're monitoring that, and there will be another price increase on that next year for the 35% of the demand. 
Alok Maskara: And also keep in mind there will be manufacturing inefficiencies associated with manufacturing the older 410A units because the volume is going to go down and the factory has got to be more complex at higher cost for the 410A that we expect. 
Operator: Next question will come from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. 
Julian Mitchell: And thanks for the effort to improve earnings quality. I think most companies are hellbent ongoing in the other direction. Maybe my first question would be around -- the commentary around the sort of second quarter and the first half and so forth. So you've got about $1.5 billion sales, I suppose, or thereabout starting for Q2 based on that 50-50 first half split. When we're thinking about sort of margin profile. Classically, you've had sort of 35%, 40% sequential operating leverage in the second quarter just with the fixed cost absorption and so forth. I just wondered if that figure would be any different this year, whether because of the Mexico plant ramp-up or the phasing of, say, those A2L headwinds of 5 million to 10 million that you call out? Maybe just any sort of color around how those items play out from here and the sort of second quarter sequential leverage. 
Michael Quenzer: Yes, there will be some additional investments they're going to start to make in the second quarter that weren't fully impacted in the first quarter predominantly launching the new commercial factory as well as starting to transition to the new 454B product in HCS. Additionally, we had a bit of a onetime benefit within Q1 for margins for warranty adjustments, so that will also kind of not repeat in the next year or the next quarter. But overall, there will be some cost increases coming into the second and third quarters that weren't within the first quarter. 
Julian Mitchell: Got it. Okay. So still sort of decent leverage, but maybe with some offsets this year specifically. 
Michael Quenzer: Correct. Yes, some ramp-up costs that we're going to need to transition to get the product ready. 
Julian Mitchell: And then my second question, circling back to the BCS division. Certainly, the tone, I think, from Alok seems a little bit more cautious on that new construction aspect and project delays, and we see that more broadly in things like the ABI readings. Maybe to sort of -- if you could put a finer point, Alok, the project delays aspect, is that just an expectation of what could happen later in the year? Maybe any updated thoughts on the education vertical? Is that asset tailwind sort of starts to expire. And I guess the thrust of the question is really, you had 21% revenue growth in that BCS segment in the first quarter, the year is up 10%, is an implied decline at some point just pure conservatism? Or is there anything we're really seeing on those project delays or education vertical or something like that? 
Alok Maskara: Sure. I guess, Julian, the 2 biggest factors on that is we like to be conservative, and second we had fairly easy comps in Q1 compared to where we were last year. On the demand side, I'll start by saying we remain manufacturing or production capacity constrained, not demand constrained. So keep that in mind as I answer all the other different points in here. The new construction and the project push to the right is actually happening right now that only impacts 15% to 20% of our sales that was about -- 75%, 80% of that is, our sales are all replacement, but we needed to call that out just because it does impact a portion of our sales. But today, it's not an issue because again, being supply constrained versus demand constraint continues to hold for us. Education vertical, yes, it had some benefits last year, may have left this year, but it's really not a material mover for us nor was it last year. So it really doesn't impact us. 
 The biggest driver of optimism there is the age of units, the units on the rooftop, whether it's a big box and others, they are way beyond the useful life. Many of them are like 18 years where the useful life is closer to 14 to 16. That's what drives our optimism about order rates and things going forward. But the delta that you officially asked for at the beginning is easier comps and some conservatism built in because no factory startup goes perfectly, Julian. As you know, factory startups always have some issues here or there. So we just didn't want to get ahead of ourselves. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. 
Joseph O'Dea: First question is just related to pricing strategy, and I think both on HCS and BCS, you had sort of engaged with consultants and have implemented pricing changes as a result. The question is just related to what inning you're in, in that, the degree to which that's complete, the degree to which we see it in the P&L. And as a result, was it a matter of you were pricing below market on a net pricing side of things and maybe you're above market? Just overall, kind of the outcome of those efforts, sort of where you are pricing relative to what you see pricing in the market being? 
Alok Maskara: If you just click it, I would tell you in the first inning, but since it's baseball, I have to say we are probably the third or fourth inning of that right now. Where we are is, yes, we were below market price in many of our key accounts where we have signed contracts after the tornado and pre-COVID and we did not have inflation clauses in that. So there was definitely a large portion of our sales where we were and in some cases, still below market their process to get up to the market level. So I think that's a big part of that. 
 There is a second part of that, which is around giving the local leaders autonomy to an extent to get pricing adjusted, we used to do national pricing and then we realized there is no such thing as national pricing. Pricing in South is very different than pricing in the North. So we will be able to capture greater pricing excellence just by having more localized pricing and there's going to be upside on that working through that. 
 The third aspect of pricing is simply around us continuing to capture pricing ahead of inflation because people think inflation has gone away, and it's not. So as we do price increases and the fact that we lost margin points during the COVID transition and during the tornado, we need to just work with all our channel partners and customers and make sure we get price ahead of inflation, not behind inflation because inflation continues to impact us, whether it's SG&A or materials or labor, all of that impacts SG&A. So those are the 3 aspects, I would say we are less than halfway complete, but pleased with progress so far, and especially pleased with some of the price actions we took on key accounts and gotten closer to market, but still below market in some cases. 
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. And then also just wanted to ask on leverage and when you think about the M&A opportunity set out there, you talked about a long-term target leverage range in the 1x to 1.5x. But if the right opportunity were to present itself, how high are you comfortable taking leverage to pursue that type of opportunity? 
Michael Quenzer: If the right opportunity materialize, we'd go up kind of 3%, maybe a little over 3% near term and then quickly want to get back to that 1 to 1.5x after that initial increase to above 3%. But the key is maintaining investment grade ratings. That's the key. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. 
Deane Dray: And I appreciate Alok that you're not going to use any cricket analogies because I would have no idea what you're talking about. Yes, on the manufacturing line conversion, just give us a sense, is this the clarify, is that the $5 million to $10 million that is in the assumption? And is this in the Mexico facility? And just give us a sense of how disruptive is this to the actual line to change over to the new refrigerants? Are you adding some new components? Is there new testing? Is it a higher pressurization, just what -- from a technology standpoint, logistics standpoint, how disruptive might that be? 
Alok Maskara: Sure. So the two inefficiencies we called out. One is the Saltillo Mexico start-up inefficiencies. And then we called out $5 million to $10 million of additional inefficiencies on residential for transitioning from 410A to 454B. The change is pretty big. We have to make sure that we are handling appropriately the new refrigerant, which is mildly flammable. So it has a different classification when it comes to DOT regulations, so it requires different piping, different storage, different testing, different test chambers. Though the compressors are new, the size of the product might change in some cases. So it's a fairly big change, but we're pretty used to it. We are very ready. This is not starting now. 
 A lot of these changes started last year. So for example, the new refrigerants line already been in start and the new storage tanks already in the facility. We're already doing test runs. If we needed to make products today, we would. So the inefficiency costs that we called out would simply be lines shutting down for a few weeks while we make all the changes, test the product and then restart it. That's kind of the core source of inefficiencies. Most of the investments are already kind of on the floor now. 
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And then the follow-up question for Michael, and I'll also add my shout out for the quality of earnings. I mean, we had to spend some time this morning to doublecheck that we weren't missing something. There were no eliminations, and that was the conclusion. I said, "Oh my gosh, this is as close to gap as any company we follow." So thank you. 
Alok Maskara: Chelsey and I were listening to you, Deane, when you told us that at your conference, and we took that as a challenge. So it did start at your conference when you mentioned that to Chelsey and I. 
Deane Dray: All right. I appreciate that. And then so that's -- with all this buildup, I've got more of a mundane question on free cash flow. We know first quarter is typically a use, but it was less of a use. What are the dynamics there? And you said you've got some additional inventory build coming, where does buffer inventory as we distance ourselves from all the supply chain issues? Have you read yourself a buffer inventory entirely? Is that still winding down, but some color there would be helpful. 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. On the raw material side, yes, our inventories are still higher than we like. They are drifting down better as supply chains are healing. So they are coming down, but we're going to have to grow them a bit for this Building Climate Solutions transition to ramp up that new factory. But overall raw inventory is getting better. But yes, we will -- we're going to start to grow inventory later this year for the new 410A product and we're going to start to rebuild and grow some of that in the second half of this year. And then another element that we have within the free cash flow guide is that the CapEx is also going to be a little bit higher in the second half of this year than our normal guide. Normally, we have about $110 million of CapEx. It's about $175 million. You can see that there's going to be more in the second half to complete the ramp-up of the factory and get our transition to the new 454B product ready to go. 
Operator: Our next question will come from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. 
Nicole DeBlase: I guess first thing is just on the commercial margins, obviously, really, really strong again this quarter. Thinking through all the puts and takes through the rest of the year and how the comp gets a lot harder through from 2Q to 4Q, I guess how much conviction do you guys have that you can continue to expand margins year-on-year through the rest of the year? 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So we continue to do pricing excellence. And we've announced up to 8% price increase in Q1. So we're going to continue to drive price increase, even though it's going to lap some of the comps, which are going to be a little more challenging. Right now, our guide is volumes kind of flattish to up low single digits in the balance of the year. That normally comes with 30% incremental. So that should help drive our return on sales, operating profit margins up higher. But then working against that as a little bit of the headwinds that we have to ramp that new factory up. So absent of the factory ramp, we still see margins modestly moving up. 
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then we've seen copper and aluminum costs rising recently. Can you just refresh us on when that could potentially impact your P&L? Would that be more of like a 2025 concern at this point or something to focus on. 
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So we see steel increases that are also starting to come up. That's more immediate. That kind of is on a quarterly lag. The copper and aluminum goes through a hedging process. It's kind of an 18-month blended hedging process. So we'll start to see some of that this year, but it will come into next year as well. We'll continue to monitor that. If it stays elevated, we'll have to see what type of pricing actions later this year we need to do. But definitely, that would be reflective in the new 454B product, if it continues on pricing and the [Indiscernible] pricing into next year. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Can you just help me reconcile some of the price and mix dynamics. I mean you guys had put through, I believe, Allied was in January 1 and then the rest of the business maybe in early February. I think they were upwards of like 10% price increases. Price was up 3% in the quarter. So maybe just help me reconcile that? And then what basically gets that to accelerate through the rest of the year. I mean, your price mix was basically 1% for the quarter with negative mix. So maybe just help me reconcile those data points with kind of the mid-single-digit guidance? 
Michael Quenzer: Specifically speak to the pricing. So within the quarter, we only had a partial quarter on the price increase. So we announced on the Lennox brand starting February. So that didn't even fully get all the way through February, seeing about a month on the Lennox side. So that should continue to increase as we go throughout the year on just the normal flow activity on Lennox. And then we also had price increases on some of our large PE and builder contracts that also was -- some of those were also a partial quarter. So you'll start to see that also expand later in the year. 
 On the mix side, we don't think that the new construction mix is going to continue, so that should help going forward. But we're watching it to see if it does. But right now, we're assuming that, that mix basically slows down on the RNC side. 
C. Stephen Tusa: So that mix number that you put in there, the mix for sales is a mix driven by type of business like new construction versus like replace. That's what that negative 2% mix reflects? 
Michael Quenzer: Within the quarter, correct, yes. 
C. Stephen Tusa: I didn't -- have you guys always accounted for it that way? I thought that was more about like the SEER level of the product as opposed to the type of customer you're selling to? 
Michael Quenzer: Well, if you think within that customer, it is a SEER level of the product that normally do entry-level type products. So it's kind of a mix of both. 
Alok Maskara: Steve, we wanted to do it the same way. Last year, we called out the SEER-1 because that was the largest driver as we're going from older SEER standards to the newer one. But for us, mix has always been product types and RMC products are part of that mix change. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Right. I guess, but that's not really going to change, I guess, over the next several quarters, right? Mix should remain relatively new construction focused? Or does that mix change over the next several quarters? 
Alok Maskara: Well, as new housing starts had gone down, I think Q1 last year was abnormally low. So I think both start impacting, right? We're comping ourselves out of the dip that we had last year. 
C. Stephen Tusa: Got it. And then just one last one on commercial. What do you think the market did this quarter? I mean, the AHRI data, which is obviously a little more narrow than what some people define as a light commercial market. That looked pretty strong. you guys had volume that was up, I think, mid- to high single digits. What do you think the market did? And did you guys -- I guess, how do you perform relative to that in your estimation? 
Michael Quenzer: Our  AHRI reported rooftop units were up more than that 7%. We had some declines in our refrigeration volume within the quarter that were taking down some of the gains, but we think we grew faster than the AHRI on rooftops within the quarter, winning back some share. 
Alok Maskara: Yes. And you can take our entire segment and compare it. Michael is saying only a portion of our segment gets compared to that. So we did equal or better than the AHRI data. 
Operator: Next question comes from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. 
Gautam Khanna: I had a couple of questions. First, was wondering in April, you talked about destocking in the third-party channel coming to an end. Can you talk about maybe April order trends in that channel and how that might inform your conviction? 
Alok Maskara: Yes. Given that we are having the call towards the end of April, conviction is already reflective of what we are seeing in April. So we remain convinced that the destocking is coming to an end. 
Gautam Khanna: Do you anticipate that channel will be down in the second quarter still in terms of unit volumes? 
Alok Maskara: No. I would expect that channel to be up in unit volume in Q2. 
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And that's irrespective -- I mean, assuming weather is not a big variable year-to-year. 
Alok Maskara: Yes. I'm going to call out weather, but listen, I don't want to get nervous just because I have to wear a sweatshirt in Texas in April. 
Gautam Khanna: Got you. Okay. I was wondering if you could talk about the demand you think you'll have as the new Mexican capacity comes online. So maybe if you could talk about customers or business that you may not have been able to accommodate on the commercial side. So because obviously, people get concerned about commercial unitary demand starting to soften after a big run up of COVID. What gives you conviction that you'll be able to fulfill that capacity over time? 
Alok Maskara: Yes. So listen, great question. While there are no certainties. Here's what we know and we look at, right? I mean, our order rates continue to be higher than what we can manufacture, and we are still turning away businesses that we would rather not. So that's just internal way we are looking at, and that's been going out for 2 to 3 years now. So could [Indiscernible] tomorrow it might, but that's one. 
 Second, we have made significant investments in preparing our sales team to go out and start adding -- in some cases, adding back contractors whom we had lost and working towards emergency replacement. And that's part of some of the investments that we talked about is leveraging our core contractors or Lennox dealers to be able to push that emergency replacement market. And finally, it's the key accounts and the conversations that we're having with them especially when it comes to 454B products because some of them had delayed replacement and want to do replacement with 454B products because they know that, that refrigerants will be around longer and will be lower global warming potential rated. So they get some carbon credits for that as well. 
 So multiple factors in there goes down to our current rate investments we have made in drumming up extra demand, and lots and lots of conversations with our key accounts to pull that forward. But at the same time, I mean, current factory is running kind of overcapacity. So in case the demand fully doesn't come through, we've got lots of flexibility in where we produce and what we produce. And that flexibility is also super exciting to us and baked into our numbers going forward. 
Gautam Khanna: That's helpful. And last one for me. On the JCI assets for sale, you guys have expressed an interest in the York resi unitary stuff. If it were -- if there were other assets embedded in whatever they're selling, is that something you guys would entertain? Or is that too much complexity for what you ultimately want and therefore not worth pursuing? I'm just curious how that -- because we hear that then we sell more of it, pull it once, then you got to divest it or whatever. 
Alok Maskara: Yes, sure. No, that's fair. Again, I don't want to comment on other company, but I'll tell you we are going to be focused on HVAC. I mean we are an  HVACR  company, and that's what we do, focused on that. And I don't think that's going to change just because opportunistically something else becomes available. And our strategy is working. We have the scale. We see a strong pathway ahead for us just doing execution on our [Indiscernible] business end. But we'll remain very focused. 
Gautam Khanna: And that's North American HVAC, just to be clear, correct? 
Alok Maskara: No, I would say we are looking at North American HVAC as being the primary market. We do a lot of exports as well. And the heat pump technology that we use, we do get from overseas. As you know, we already have hundreds of millions of sales in that. 
Operator: And thank you for joining us today. With no further questions, this will conclude the Lennox's 2024 First Quarter Conference Call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-31 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode and there will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from the Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Shelby. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us this morning as we share yet another quarter of outstanding performance. With me today is CEO, Alok Maskara, our new CFO, Michael Quenzer; and our outgoing CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Alok, Michael and Joe will share their prepared remarks before we move to the Q&A session. Turning to Slide 2, a reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation and the webcast archive link for today's call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com. Now please turn to Slide 3 as I turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning, and welcome. I'm proud to represent our 13,000 employees as we delivered another full year of record results. We are pleased with our 2023 growth, margin expansion and more important cash generation. Our strong results were noteworthy, given the unprecedented destocking faced by residential HVAC manufacturers last year. I'm deeply grateful for our employees and our customers whose hard work, loyalty and dedication drove the results that we will be discussing today. I would like to begin by highlighting 4 key messages on Slide 3. First, we delivered $3.63 in adjusted EPS for Q4, an increase of 41% year-over-year. Adjusted EPS for the full year was $17.96, a 27% increase year-over-year. Our 2023 full year results were also notable for 6% core revenue growth, 300 basis point expansion in adjusted segment margin. In addition, our operating cash flow more than doubled compared to prior year. Second, we continue to invest wisely in manufacturing capacity, distribution optimization, technology transitions and growth initiatives while maintaining our industry-leading ROIC of 44%. Third, while end market uncertainties linger, our transformation momentum sets a strong foundation and gives us confidence in our 2024 EPS guidance range of $18.50 to $20. Fourth, given the robust progress on the self-help transformation plan, we are pleased to increase our previously announced 2026 financial goals. Now please turn to Slide 4 for more details at 2023 self-help accomplishments. In 2023, Lennox experienced significant success during the first phase of our self-help transformation plan. Our strategic initiatives allowed us to effectively navigate the destocking challenges, which demonstrated our resilience and exceptional execution. This phase laid a solid foundation for future growth and positioned us to capitalize on further growth opportunities. We accelerated growth by strengthening our distribution muscle to better serve our existing customers, attract new customers and increase our share of wallet from HVAC dealers. We are investing in our sales and stores teams to create greater alignment, accountability and autonomy for improving the customer experience. To ensure resiliency we implemented pricing excellence initiatives to recover margins from previously depressed levels as many long-term key account contracts which were signed before the recent inflationary period came up for renewal. We also achieved higher factory output, enhanced productivity and optimize product mix. Together, these measures contributed to the overall margin expansion and strengthened our margin resiliency. Finally, to ensure consistent execution, we implemented a balanced core card-based operating system, which we refer to as Lennox unified management system. This system was instrumental in driving accountability and ensuring alignment with our strategic goals to accelerate revenue growth and expand margins. We also simplified our portfolio with the sale of the European businesses and improved our total life cycle value proposition with the recent AES acquisition. On the next slide, I will share more about how we fine-tuned our internal engine to ensure success of the transformation plan and accelerate growth throughout the journey. Slide 5 shows the 5 components that fueled Lennox's success in 2023 and are building momentum that will continue to power Lennox's bright future. At the heart of our transformation is our unwavering commitment to our vision and mission. These set the true north direction for everything we do, aligning our efforts towards a shared goal. Moving outward, the strategy to great will deliver accelerated growth, resilient margins, execution consistency, advanced technology portfolio and talent and culture that help us win every day. Next is the commitment to our customer charters, emphasizing our dedication to always being a partner of choice by delivering exceptional customer experience and quality solutions. Another crucial element to our outstanding performance was the implementation of our Lennox unified management systems. We are utilizing balance scorecard to drive accountability, integrating standard processes and best practices and aligning operating cadence for efficiency. This represents our commitment to a unified approach that enables Lennox to shift into a higher gear and outperform competition. Lastly, our core values and guiding behaviors serve as a foundation of our high-performance growth culture with a passion for improving the customer experience. Last year, we rolled out 9 guiding behaviors that improved the team's focus on critical behaviors such as positive engagement and sustainability. These 5 components not only helped us build momentum on our self-help transformation this year, but also act as a spring boom to continue our long-term journey of growth and expansion. Before we move into the detailed financial section, allow me a few moments to express my gratitude to our outgoing CFO, Joe Reitmeier. I am thankful for Joe's years of service to Lennox, and I'm especially grateful that stayed with us to train me, the new CEO, and to oversee a smooth transition to our new CFO, Michael Quenzer.  Now for the last time on an earnings call, let me hand the call over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier : Thank you, Alok, and greetings to everyone joining us this morning as we announce Lennox's record-setting performance and outlook. I've had the pleasure and privilege of serving as Lennox's Chief Financial Officer during a period of transformation and record-setting achievements. Portfolio changes enable a more intense focus on our key North American end markets, the team introduced new and innovative solutions. We delivered on initiatives that drove significant increases in profitability and that coupled with efficient capital allocation resulted in industry-leading returns on invested capital. We fortified the balance sheet and most significantly, we generated exponential increases in returns for our shareholders. Now before I hand it off to Michael, I'd like to reflect briefly on 2023. It was another year of exceptional performance while strengthening the foundation for the future by investing in our people, sustaining industry-leading innovation and enhancing our capabilities to better serve our customers. Now while I'm extremely proud of my time with such a great organization that has accomplished so much. I take even greater pride knowing that I'm leaving an extremely talented and seasoned team that is very well positioned both strategically and financially for long-term success. I'd like to wrap up my comments with a sincere thank you to all Lennox employees, our valued customers, the investment community and other stakeholders for your partnerships over the years.  I'll now hand it over to Michael, who will take you through the details of Lennox's financial performance and outlook. Michael, take it away.
Michael Quenzer : Thank you, Joe. Good morning to everyone. Please turn to Slide 6. As Alok mentioned earlier, 2023 has been a record year in the fourth quarter with no exception. Core revenue, which excludes our revenue operations was $1.1 billion, up 7% as price and mix drove the year-over-year improvement. Adjusted segment profit increased $44 million at $69 million of price and mix benefits were partially offset by inflation and investment in SG&A and distribution.  Total adjusted segment margin was 15.9%, up 320 basis points versus prior year. For the fourth quarter, corporate expenses were $30 million, a decrease of $3 million. Our fourth quarter tax rate was 20% and diluted shares outstanding were $35.8 million compared to $35.6 million in the prior year quarter. The fourth quarter achieved record levels of revenue, segment profit and adjusted earnings per share, which grew by 41% to $3.63. Let's shift our focus to Slide 7 and review the financial results of our Home Comfort Solutions segment formerly referred to as a residential segment. The left graph shows revenue grew 1% to a record $709 million in the fourth quarter. The segment benefited from favorable mix of higher efficiency products and effective pricing execution. This was partially offset by volume declines. Although unit sales volumes for the segment declined by 5%, our direct-to-contractor sales volumes remained stable, signaling a resilient consumer demand landscape. Unit sales volumes through independent distribution channels declined more than 20% driven by continued industry destocking. Home Comfort Solutions profit decreased approximately 4% to $115 million, and segment margin also experienced a decline of 70 basis points to 16.2%. The decrease was attributed to a $9 million decrease in sales volumes and $25 million impact from inflation and investments in distribution and selling. Moving on to Slide 8. We will now review the performance of our Building Climate Solutions segment, formerly referred to as the commercial segment. The segment continues to consistently deliver outsize performance each quarter, resulting in another quarter of record revenue and profit. Revenue was $390 million in the quarter, up 19%. Combined price and mix were up 11% and volume was up 5%. Building Climate Solutions profit was $91 million or up 98% and segment margin expanded 930 basis points to 23.2%. These results were primarily driven by price and sales volume gains. The team's execution on several self-help initiatives aided in the recovery of previously depressed profit margins. These initiatives include price corrections, enhanced factory productivity and strengthened supply chain resiliency. The AES acquisition also played a role in the growth during the quarter. The integration is progressing smoothly with existing Lennox customers showing interest in the AES full life cycle value proposition. Ultimately, the fourth quarter continued the year's momentum and resulted in a strong finish to 2023. If you will now turn to Slide 9, I will recap the full year Lennox results. For full year 2023, core revenue, excluding European operations, was $4.7 billion, up 6%. Adjusted segment profit increased $180 million as $348 million of price and mix benefits were partially offset by Home Comfort Solutions sales volume declines as well as inflation and investment in SG&A and distribution. Total adjusted segment margin was 17.9%, up 300 basis points versus prior year. Despite facing volume challenges in the residential end markets, inflationary pressures and ongoing investments, the Home Comfort Solutions segment achieved revenue and profit growth through successful execution of strategic pricing initiatives and the seamless transition to the new minimum SEER standard. The Building Climate Solutions segment also achieved impressive results in 2023. Healing supply chains and factory productivity played a key role in growing volumes in the second half of the year, and pricing execution helped the segment recover previously depressed profit margins from years of higher supply chain and production costs. Exceptional execution by both segments resulted in adjusted earnings per share growing to $17.96, setting a new record and representing a 27% increase compared to the prior year. Moving on to cash flow and capital deployment on Slide 10. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $306 million compared to $132 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $125 million for the quarter, an increase of $91 million compared to the prior year. Net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 1.3x, down from 2x in prior year. Our approach to capital deployment remains consistent. We will prioritize organic growth investments with strong returns, grow dividends with earnings and continue to explore M&A opportunities and to supplement with share repurchases when necessary. Lennox's industry-leading ROIC of 44% reflects our dedication to delivering value to our stakeholders through strategic and targeted investments. We not only aim to maintain our high ROIC, but also aimed to make necessary investments to elevate our performance and competitiveness in the marketplace. We anticipate the successful completion of our upcoming commercial HVAC factory and production is slated to begin midyear. While overhead and ramp-up expenses posed known challenges in the first half of 2024, we anticipate the factory will realize productivity benefits in 2025. This facility plays a pivotal role in our sustained growth, enhancing our commercial production capacity by 25% by the end of 2024. It will allow us to better address consumer demand and recapture market share in emergency replacement market. Now let's transition to Slide 11. Here, I will provide an overview of our full year financial guidance for 2024. We anticipating another year of profitable growth, the chart on the left provides key growth drivers with revenue expected to increase by approximately 7%. Alok will provide additional comments on end markets later in the presentation, but sales volumes are expected to remain relatively flat with a slight upward trend from Building Climate Solutions growth and stable Home Comfort solutions end markets. The combination of price and mix is anticipated to contribute to a mid-single-digit growth in revenue, price increases will sustain margins amid continued cost inflation and a slight favorable mix is expected due to the 2023 minimum efficiency regulatory change. In addition to the profit drivers from revenue, we have listed key costs and investment assumptions on the right side of the slide. Component cost inflation is expected to be up mid-single digits, including large increases in our cost to acquire our 410A refrigerant. We expect this to be partially offset by material cost reduction programs. We anticipate ramp-up costs of approximately $10 million for the new commercial HVAC factory along with additional costs associated with the refrigerant transition across our Home Comfort solutions manufacturing facilities. We will continue to invest in information system advancements, distribution growth initiatives and projects to improve customer service. Additionally, we expect to support growth initiatives by making investments in both sales and marketing. While we continue to focus on managing SG&A expenses, we do expect moderate inflation area pressure in 2024. Our guidance for capital expenditures is approximately $175 million. This includes final spending for the new commercial HVAC factory and the 2025 low GWP refrigerant transition. Interest expense is expected to be approximately $50 million and tax rate is estimated to be between 20% and 21%. Incorporating all of these guidance items, we expect earnings per share to be within the range of $18.50 per share and $20 per share. Finally, we expect free cash flow to be within the range of $500 million to $600 million. With that, please turn to Slide 12, and I'll turn it back over to Alok for an overview of 2024 business conditions.
Alok Maskara : Thanks, Michael. As we look forward to the coming year, it is important to recognize that while our transformation momentum has yielded positive results, we are still facing challenges in the end market. Within our Home Comfort Solutions segment, the health of the consumer will remain a significant driver of demand and greatly influence the repair versus replace dynamic. We are mindful of consumer sentiment, especially in an election year, and we'll continue to track macro data for early indicators. It is important to point out, we have not yet noticed any meaningful shift from replace to repair. EPA rulings have also introduced an element of uncertainty regarding industry inventory levels. Ahead of the R454B transition, we do not anticipate a large pre-buy due to inventory fatigue in the tunnel and the increased cost of carrying inventories. However, we do expect distributors to normalize inventory levels this year as the channel returns to its usual ordering patterns. We also expect ongoing benefits of the strategic pricing initiatives and potential share opportunity as Lennox historically win share during regulatory transitions. Turning our attention to building Climate Solutions, we predict solid demand in 2024. With the data we have from our National Account Services business, we know that rooftop units are aged past historical averages and will need to be replaced soon. 2024 demand may be impacted if key accounts delay installs pending new R454B product availability. End markets may also face challenges related to softening commercial new construction and project delays. Ultimately, our outlook for 2024 remains cautiously optimistic, though we acknowledge the complexities of the market conditions in the coming years. We trust that our proactive strategies focused on driving top line growth, expanding our margins and consistently executing on initiatives will continue to propel Linux towards enhancing customer experience and shareholder value. On the next slide, I will go into more depth on each of the strategies as it relates to 2024. On Slide 13, I want to take a moment to revisit our self-funded transformation plan, which has been steering our current success. As a reminder, this plan is structured around 3 phases over the next several years. Now let's dive into the specifics of our actions for 2024, where we will transition from the initial phase to the growth acceleration phase. This year is pivotal as it sets the stage for the next wave of growth through strategic investments and focused actions. First, we are investing in our sales force to expand customer touch points, enhancing the overall customer experience through digital innovations and anticipating improved output from our new commercial HVAC factory. Additionally, we aim to increase the attachment rate for parts and accessories, ensuring the holistic experience for our customers. Second, we are committed to driving resilient margins. This involves maintaining pricing excellence, leveraging greater productivity from volume recovery, realizing material cost reduction and reaping the mix benefits of transitioning to the new R454B product. These actions collectively fortify our financial position and solidify our sustainable competitive advantage. Lastly, we will leverage the Lennox unified management system to streamline our operations and set clear priorities. Our focused strategy, investment in heat pump growth and enhancement to our distribution network further exemplify our commitment to consistent management execution. 2024 is a year of purposeful actions that will propel us into the growth acceleration phase and lay the groundwork for our journey into the expansion phase. I am confident that with our collective dedication and strategic approach, we are not just following a plan, we are shaping our future success. Now please turn to Slide 14 for an update on our long-term financial goals. It has been just over a year since we introduced our 2026 goals and are confident that our execution is ahead of schedule, even though market uncertainties persist. We are pleased that Building Climate Solutions has achieved record margins and that Home Comfort solutions demonstrated margin resiliency, even while facing significant volume headwinds. With this year's achievements, we recognize the need to adjust our long-term goals to better reflect our current positions. For 2026 we are now targeting revenue of $5.4 billion to $6 billion, with total company target margin range of 19% to 21%. Our free cash flow conversion target is approximately 90% as we complete the necessary investments to support our growth. We are increasing the long-term target for Home Comfort solutions to a range of 20% to 22% ROS and building Climate Solutions to a range of 22% to 24% ROS. Now for a wrap up, please turn to Slide 15 for the reasons I continue to believe that Lennox is a great investment opportunity. Lennox operates in growth end markets has resilient margins demonstrates execution consistency and serves its customers through advanced technology and high-performance talent. The 5 reasons we remain confident in our ability to deliver strong results are: first, we will continue to make strategic growth investments to improve our go-to-market effectiveness and support consumer demand. Second, our margins remain a focus as we continue to evaluate our pricing strategy, implement innovative solutions to increase productivity and optimize our direct-to-dealer network. Third, while leveraging the Lennox unified management systems, our teams will be able to streamline processes, leverage best practices and consistently deliver strong results. The fourth aspect reflects our continued technology advancements that ensure Lennox will remain at the forefront of innovative solutions for our customers. Finally, the introduction of our guiding behavior enhances our team's focus on core values and fortified our high-performance culture. Our refreshed pay-for-performance incentive structure further aligns the talents of our team and the interest of our stakeholders. Allow me to wrap up by saying thank you to each of our dedicated employees and valued customers. I am proud for what we were able to accomplish this past year, and I'm looking forward to the promising future that lies ahead of Lennox as our best days are still ahead of us. Thank you. We will now be happy to take questions. Easy questions can go to Michael and I and the harder questions should go to Joe Reitmeier.  Operator, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeff Hammond : Joe, look forward to seeing you in Cleveland, look me up. Just on margins, I'm just trying to think about the puts and takes. You've got some profit incrementals on the left of Slide 11 and then you talk about a number of headwinds. I'm just wondering if you could put a finer point on just overall incrementals embedded in the guide and maybe how to think more five point. Much of this refrigerant inflation, manufacturing efficiencies are going to cost similar to how you did for the factory ramp-up costs?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. So on the left-hand side, you can see our contribution margins. And on the right-hand side is the increase related to rate for costs as well as investments. So you have to join those two together see the full impact. But we do expect some margin improvement for the enterprise next year when you look at the combined. Our component costs are a big piece of our cost of goods sold are nearly 45% and then refrigerants also going to go up significantly. So most of that pricing should be there to maintain our current gross margins and then we'll get a bit of leverage on the volume and a little bit of leverage on the acquisition as well. But overall, we do expect margins to be up just not 300 basis points like we saw in 2023.
Jeff Hammond : Okay. And then can you just talk about your inventory destock process with respect to your company-owned distribution? And just on the independent channel, where are you at? Or what are they telling you in terms of how much more to go on destock?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I'll take that, Jeff. On our own internal -- I mean I always think we can get more working capital improvements, but I think we are reaching a level, especially given the upcoming A2L transition, but I think the levels are going to be relatively flat. We might have to build up some towards the second half of 2024, and that's embedded in the guide just to ensure a smooth transition. On the independent China, I mean, honestly, the destocking in Q4 was more than we expected. And we do think there's going to be some destocking happening in Q1, especially on product line eases whether that's impact of weather and all, we don't know. But I think from overall, we do expect some destocking bleeding into Q1, but remain confident that by second half or Q2, independent channel distribution destocking would be largely behind us, especially as the distributors get ready for a A2L transition and the EPA ruling allows them some sell-through in 2024 as well. So lots of moving pieces, but we've embedded all of that in the guide, Jeff.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe : Congratulations, Joe. Enjoy your retirement. So I'm not sure whether it's a tough question or not. But just on the -- I think maybe on the back of Jeff's kind of question about incrementals. You've got price mix as a 90% incremental margin. So just wondering how that plays into the mid-single-digit component inflation math. So maybe I'm just asking Jeff's question again, but if you just see mid-single-digit contribution from price mix with the incremental, you get to sort of a $3 to $4 EPS tailwind. Is that how you're thinking about it?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. I mean what we have to do is look, it's predominantly price, price drops through to 100%. There's a little bit of mix that we'll get from the carryover benefit from the minimus year transition. So that will kind of drop through at 30%. When you blend the 2 together, you kind of get to the 90, but then that then covers some of the cost inflations we have on the right-hand side where we think our components are going to be up significantly, both from the normal inflation, mid-single digits as well as the refrigerant. So that kind of sets a lot of that, which maintains your gross margins. And then thereafter, we start to make investments in distribution and SG&A. And we still see overall operating margins improving think of it maybe a little less than 50 basis points within the guide.
Nigel Coe : Okay.
Alok Maskara: And I think if I could add to that, Nigel, keep in mind, the factory inefficiency both for the start-up in Saltillo or the commercial factory and for the A2L conversion, but that's fairly massive transformation we have to do. Every line has to be redone. We'll have tiers of factory shutdown. So we bake in all of that -- so I understand your question. It's just we got to -- we baked in all of those inefficiencies in our guide.
Nigel Coe : I get it. I understand that now. And then just on the component inflation of mid-single digits. We talked to some of the motor manufacturers, some heat exchange suppliers. And it doesn't feel like they're targeting mid-single-digit price increases in 2024. So just curious where you're seeing that mid-single-digit price inflation. And maybe just talk about the 410A, what your expectations are in terms of that commodity inflation in 2024.
Alok Maskara: Sure. First of all, you should give me the list of all those people that were telling you that. So we can go and negotiate, use their work on that. I'd love to get that Nigel. But no, more seriously, some of it comes down to the starting point. In some cases, on components, we did have long-term contracts that are coming up for renewal. So we may have like escaped some of the inflation in the past. The other thing you've got to see in the 410A, I mean, the spot pricing, the contract pricing and where we are still a lot of moving pieces. But based on the production quota reduction from EPA, we fully expect and have baked in inflation on 410A. And overall, I mean inflation is lower than before, but it's not gone away, whether it's SG&A or NAV factors. So we've built all of that in as we looked at what's going to happen in 2024 for us. but we do continue to see inflation in components, especially if our long-term contracts come up for renewal.
Nigel Coe : Right. I'll e-mail those suppliers to you offline, okay?
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Nigel.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tommy Moll with Stephens Inc.
Tommy Moll : I wanted to start on price mix and your outlook for the year, mid-single-digit contribution. Can you give us any sense of the phasing there? I presume it's going to contribute a little bit more to growth in the back half versus the second half? And then if you think about what's the art of the possible here over the next 2 years, Alok, I think in the past, you've said 15%, 15% plus is a good bogey to use for where we'll land by the end of 2025. But I wonder if you could just refresh us there? And are you any more or less confident on that outlook?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. So I'll first answer on the price, we see that mostly starting to build in through Q2, Q3 and Q4. As we announced in Q1, it will take a little bit of time to get that new price increase. But in Q1 is where you'll see the carryover benefit on the mix side from the minimum SEER product, we'll get the full year benefit of that.
Alok Maskara: I think, Tommy, on the overall, we stick to the 10% to 15% total pricing impact by 2025. A large part of that is going to happen in 2025 as like in our 54 products start getting launched towards the tail end or second half of this year. So we will see a lot more of that benefit next year than they will see this year which is unfortunate because we'll see some of the manufacturing inefficiencies this year as we transition our line from 410 to 454B, a lot more of the benefit coming to as tail half of this year or like early next year is when we start seeing those benefits. But our view and outlook has not changed on that, and I was glad to see that others in the industry are also now catching up to that dynamic because there's extra cost of sensors, there's extra cost of controls, there's extra cost that we're going to do as we look at the heating capacity, compressors. There's just a lot of extra cost that we must offset.
Tommy Moll : Good to hear. I wanted to follow up with a question on M&A. There's another participant in the market that's talked about potentially turning loose of some assets. Begs the question just about your appetite for M&A at this point or any insight you might share there?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I expected that to be one of the first question. I'm surprised it was a third question on the call today. So but [indiscernible]. Listen, I'll start by saying a few things, right? First of all, in the past, even before my time, Lennox has been very clear that if there is an industry consolidation opportunity, Lennox will like to participate. And we have specifically named out companies that we would like to participate if that came on. So let me just confirm that, that view has not changed. We still believe that if there's an opportunity that Lennox would be a participant in that. Overall, when I look at it industry consolidation, it's good for quite a few reasons. As we look at increased regulations, as we look at dealer consolidation. I think we'll better serve our customers. We'll better look at technology to come to the consumer. I think it gives us the right kind of investments that we can make to succeed. So I think it's going to be good. We would like to participate as and when things become clear and available. I don't want to comment specifically on any specific company and the news. But all I can tell you is that we don't have to do this. I mean, we are very confident in our own stand-alone strategy as well. We have sufficient scale to compete. We are gaining share in respective segments. We have like a very good technology team and a great path forward. So I think that's kind of the balanced outlook on that is if there's an opportunity, we would like to participate, but we're also very confident on where we are positioned ourselves.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell : Thanks, Joe, for all the help. Maybe just a first question on the sort of cadence of earnings through the year, is it can be kind of tricky looking at -- does pre-COVID seasonality apply or has something changed and we have the nuance of the Mexican plant and the refrigerant change. So are we assuming it's a kind of sort of 50-50 split first half versus second half earnings and then Q1 and always seasonally low and maybe you're starting out the year with weak home comfort volume.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, I think I'd look at the revenue seasonality in kind of 50-50. Q2 and Q3 should be pretty similar kind of 30% of the year each then you have kind of 20-ish in Q1 and Q4 on the revenue guide. That's similar to what we saw in 2023.
Julian Mitchell : And then if we're thinking about the split within Home Comfort solutions for the year as a whole in terms of volumes. How wide a bifurcation should there be in the director contractor versus independent distribution? Just trying to understand kind of how quickly that delta narrows after being very significant in the fourth quarter.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I think overall, we expect that to get even by 2025. I mean, in the independent channels of the distribution channel, we fully expect, because of comps and because of inventory get to appropriate level, increase in sales versus last year. We're not sure of the timing on when that stops, given all the comps and everything else. But we do think inventory levels and order patterns normalize and we will see a bounce back in our sales to the channel, irrespective of what happens from the channel to the dealer. On the dealer side, we were pleased with the resiliency that we saw, although volumes were down, they were better than most of us expected. And that resiliency gives us comfort going into 2024, and we expect and have baked in sort of flat to down numbers on that going into 2024. Just because of all the chatter around repair, replace, interest rate, election year, which so far has not turned out to be true, but we want to kind of make sure we put all of that and let [you guys] decide. Like here are assumptions that you can decide how you look at it. We focused on what we control, and we know we are going to win share through the transition, and we are recovering our service levels nicely.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye : Here's a potentially easy one. What drove the rebranding of the segments? Any functional difference to be aware of?
Alok Maskara: No, no functional differences to be aware of. We simplified it from 3 to 2. We had some internal confusion going on between business unit name and segment name so we embarked on a new branding, which I guess the positive message. Overall, at Lennox, we have not focused on building a brand with dealers and consumers, and there were just different confusion going on. We simplified our websites. We have huge investments in improving our customers' experience, introducing new technology, updating even our e-mail addresses and our lennonx.com. It was part of a big rebranding exercise. It was just about time to differentiate residential segment from business unit, but I wouldn't read anything more to it besides just simplifying our internal nomenclature and better reflecting what we do, right? Because what was called commercial also had a tiny bit of refrigeration in there. So I do think the new names better reflect what we do and are more consistent with our new branding guidelines.
Noah Kaye : Alok, as you talked about in your prepared remarks, a significant effort over the past year around the culture. You mentioned implementing more pay for performance. Can you highlight what some of those major changes were functionally in terms of pay for performance, what types of metrics you're trying to incent people towards, the timing of when you did those and how you might expect that to impact behavior and performance as we get into '24.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Let's start with me and the highest level on the executive staff. So last year was the first year where our short-term incentives had a growth component or a revenue component to it. So 20% of our [indiscernible] STI now comes from growth. And that just changed the mindset. Just to give you an example, but let's take it down to a few levels on where it really matters. So if you think about sales incentives and compensation, it used to be the other way around because only on revenue are not enough on profits and margins. So as we talked about accountability, autonomy and in deploying all of that in the sales force, we are now measuring our sales team more on profits, more like a distributor would measure them versus purely on revenue. So that's kind of the 2 switches on the more senior level, more focused on growth and on the street level, more focused on profitability and profit margins. And that's a long journey because you can't change these things overnight, especially if they have been seeped into the culture for many, many years. But we are pleased with the early results and fully prepared for the long-term journey as we add technology and finance score cards and metrics-driven behavior versus the storytelling behavior, sometimes pleased to get there.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie : Thank you, Joe, for everything. Have a great retirement. It's well deserved. So my question is for Alok and Michael. It sounds like the implied 1Q guide is above where consensus is today and consensus is towards the high end of your full year guidance for the year. So like I'm just trying to understand kind of like the conservatism that might be baked in to the low versus the high end. So any color you want to provide there would be helpful.
Alok Maskara: Sure, I'll start, and then Michael will jump in. Because we really did not consider consensus was giving guidance, and we don't give guidance by quarter. But here's what we did, right? We laid out the volume assumptions on Page 11, so you can look through that. And that kind of brackets are low end and the high end, all on the volume assumptions. As we look at it, Q1 is going to be a little weird because we get more mix benefits, as Michael said earlier, because last year, we still had old SEER and new SEER products. Some of the price increases go into effect in February for us, as you saw along with the other competition. So you get only half a quarter benefit on that. And seasonality will be similar to what we have seen unless there are any unusual weather patterns. So honestly, we didn't spend tons of time looking at quarter-over-quarter. We were just thinking of the longer term where we are focused and drive that. Michael, what would you add to that?
Michael Quenzer : Yes. I would just add, we obviously don't give quarterly guidance. But generally, when you look at the seasonality that you plot as we just talked about, maybe a little bit more destocking as Alok talked about through the distributor business in Q1 and then starting to revert back up thereafter. And then a little better production out of the commercial factory, maybe little better volumes in Q1 from commercial as well.
Joe Ritchie : Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And I guess, look, just a follow-up question to M&A. Maybe just remind everybody what your criteria for M&A would be? And if you're looking for potential deals in the space. What is your kind of appetite to go broader internationally versus the footprint that you have today, which is predominantly U.S.
Alok Maskara: I mean I think from our perspective, we like where we are positioned. So let's start that like we think we are positioned in an attractive market. That happens to be North America, but it could be somewhere else. I mean what we look for is attractive end markets, where we can win, where we can succeed, where we can generate the appropriate returns. I don't think we exited Europe because of Europe. We exited because the margin profile was weak, and we did think we were positioned to win there. So I don't want to make any specific comments and rule anything in or out at this stage. But we will look at those things is how does it benefit our shareholders? Are we positioned to win. Does it create attractive opportunities for us versus share buyback? I mean, end of the day, we have done very well, and we'll continue to do well based on share buyback. But I mean we're going to look for markets where we are positioned to win.
Operator: I will take our next question from Damian Karas with UBS.
Damian Karas : I wanted to ask you about your commercial outlook for this year. You spoke to a lot of the pent-up demand and the older installed base. You're guiding the building come for volumes to up low singles. Could you maybe just kind of parse that out, how you're thinking about planned replacement versus emergency and new construction?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So I'll tell you, it's maybe a tale of 2 halves that is quite a few moving pieces, but let's talk positives, right? I mean our order rate remains strong. Our backlog although doesn't matter, but in the short-term backlog remains solid. Our sales team is pretty excited and we see no impact of any of the things that we read about, whether it's KBI index and all that, we do see some projects moving to the right. So we are a bit cautious as we go into it. We also -- as we talk to our key accounts find a lot of enthusiasm around the R454B product and are somewhat concerned that maybe towards mid- to late this year, they might say, "well, I'll just wait for the 454B versus take the existing product." So that's kind of baked into us, we looked at the guide for different competing factors, just to go back to it, pleased with the current order rate, please with the current backlog, freeze with our production output excited about this Saltillo factory, even adding more to our output because we remain supply constrained versus demand constraint. And they just want to reflect some of the noise/what we see in the future is slow in construction and any weird air pocket that could come in if you look at 454B transition.
Joe Ritchie : I guess just thinking about the overall industry, look, I know you said you think consolidation could be a good thing for the market, but you're expecting to kind of gain share. I guess one of my observations coming out of the HR, it does feel like there's a bigger push in the U.S. by some of these overseas players. I'm wondering if you're perhaps seeing any increased competition or expect to maybe see some over time.
Alok Maskara: We saw that too -- and I'm sorry, I missed you at the HRI show, but like I went to all the boots and it was impressive on some of the overseas players and the amount of money spent on the booth. I'll tell you the amount of money they spend in the pools correlated to the market share in U.S., it probably more reflects their aspirations for the future. I think what these players have done very well, it comes to mini splits and VRF, but if it comes to traditional unitary products, I think very few -- if any of them had any success, and that's where the core U.S. market remains very, very different and you know many splits and all are still in single-digit market share overall and had a tough year in '23. But listen, we are -- on the only -- we are the only unaffiliated player in U.S.  So we look at the international players, both as a threat and as an opportunity to be able to work with them to drive our joint market share in some areas. But we also look at it as a threat. So that's the way we look at it, but we were pleased with the interest we are getting on our own new products like at AHRI, we were pleased with people excited about new production capacity we're adding, the emergency replacement products that we displayed and just general energy from our sales team on how robust the activity was. It was the highest attendance AHRI show has had, which kind of makes me more optimistic on the economy than what I read in the newspapers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We'll take our next question from Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets.
Deane Dray : Maybe if you could just expand on the comment, a lot of discussion on the new refrigerant. And Alok, I think you said you're not expecting a prebuy. And I think you added the term, there might be some -- was it inventory fatigue. Just it's an interesting concept. Maybe you can expand on that, please, if I heard that correctly.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I mean, historically, these transitions had a lot of prebuy from the independent channel. But because of the confusing EPA rulings that came out in sort of November, December, I think the channel is -- just a little concern about landing up with obsolete products. And since they see the manufacturers being pretty prepared, they may not feel the need higher interest rate works in that environment as well. And the overall given how much inventory people were holding because of the CEO transition just 2 years ago because of the COVID disruption a year ago. Some of the distributors are just working with us and saying, why don't you manage that for us? Make sure your lead times are low, and I can get it quickly. I may not want to spend a warehousing space and the cash to build up. Now but listen, if you're wrong, we will have upside in '24 and downside in '25. I mean over a 2-year period, it normalizes anyway. So we will be prepared if people decide to have a prebuy, but based on as we were looking at it, we just said, let's not take any of that in.
Deane Dray : And then second question, just on the longer-term targets, the free cash flow at 90% seems like you are under promising there because this is not a capital-intensive business. You should be by -- from our perspective, closer to 100. And I know you've had a big CapEx push over the near term, but are you baking in more capacity expansion in that free cash flow conversion, but it just seems light versus what your potential is.
Alok Maskara: That slide went through so many changes over the past 48 hours. We tried to give a range. We tried to -- but listen, if you're starting the year and you got $175 million of CapEx, you're not going to reach 100 in a 3-year period, right? I mean, just where we are. But in the long term, I think we'll get to 100 at some investments.
Joe Reitmeier: The other main driver is as we grow revenue, you're going to have net working capital growth with that revenue. CapEx to be closer to depreciation by 2025 and 2026. So it's mostly related to just growing working capital with the revenue growth.
Deane Dray : What's the working capital -- working capital sales target associated with that 90%?
Joe Reitmeier: Upper teens.
Alok Maskara: Yes, 15% to 20%, like it's higher on our direct model, lower on the indirect side, probably in the range of...
Deane Dray : Upper teens is fine.
Alok Maskara: Yes, it below 20 overall. But listen, 1 thing is our cash flow, we don't do any adjustments, right? I mean this is our -- the checkbook balances.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel : I had 2 questions. First, on the fourth quarter, in terms of weather, how big of an impact was the mild winter? And did you see any lift with the cold snap in January? And then my second question is just on the cadence of commercial margins. It sounds like it might be up slightly year-over-year. Is the first half sort of down a little and the second half is up a little bit? Just any help.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I'll let Michael answer the second one, and then I'll come back to the first one. So Michael, why don't you go ahead.
Michael Quenzer : Yes. So on the commercial margins, yes, we'll see a little bit of a headwind, though, on the factory ramp up in the first half, but we'll get the benefit of the mix and a little bit of volume. That should kind of neutralize each other. So overall, margins should be up in commercial, but I think they'll be kind of flattish throughout the year with those 2 elements adjusting against each other.
Alok Maskara: And I think to the first question on weather. I learned early in my career, Ryan, that never ever talk about weather when you have a challenging number set to be delivered. But based on like where we are, yes, Q4, we had some of the kind of the warmest winter, and that did negatively impact our daily order rates and we track the same things you guys would track on average heating days and cooling days. And yes, Q1 with the cold streak, we have had a good start based on, as you would expect on the weather, but we don't know what tomorrow looks like or February looks like, but both your statements are correct, Ryan.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tim Wojs with Baird.
Tim Wojs : Thanks for the entry here. Joe, congratulations and it’s been good working with you. Just 2 quick ones for me. First, as you look at ‘25, just given the transition kind of changing from – I can’t remember, just EPA or DOA and – or DOE, allowing the sell-through. Would you expect to still sell through a fair amount of R410A product next year through your own distribution? And then just a second question on the kind of longer-term mix benefits from A2L, I think, Alok, you said 10% to 15%. Is that a change from what you said before? Or is it just kind of some rounding?
A –Alok Maskara: No. I think the second one for us, it’s just kind of rounding because – we give longer numbers, we’ll get some benefit this year as well. So I’ll try to portray what 2025 looks like, right? So that’s just rounding. Maybe I should just stop giving ranges and pick a center line like 15 here. Tim, on the first one, there’s still some uncertainties and EPA is not coming up with the final rule, they have indicated to rules. Listen, our preference would be not to make 410A products. But based on currently the way it’s written; we’ll probably be forced to make some 410A products next year. And that would be then impacting the 10% to 15% number because there will be some 410A products, they’re going through the factories as people can repair outdoor units using new 410A products. I know it’s a weird dynamic there. So still waiting for some clarity on that. We would prefer not to make 454 – not to be 410A for manufacturing efficiency and other reasons, but we are just at a stage that we’ve got to see how the final rules plays out and how each of the state adopts it, too.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research.
Jeff Sprague : Two quick ones from me. Just back to kind of M&A, maybe just a little bit of color on where your comfort zone is on leverage. I think you talked about kind of normal leverage targets before. But like where is the flex target for something bigger that you'd be comfortable to work down from?
Alok Maskara: I think when the time is right, we'll have that discussion with the board and put it all together. I mean, from our perspective, that have to be an opportunistic discussion on something that's attractive to the company. But yes, if it's attractive to our shareholders and we need to lever up. The key question would be is, would we get back to our preferred leverage range within a year or 2. I mean that's what our focus is going to be. So you can do the math backwards, right? I mean as long as we think there's real cash, and then we can use that cash to get back to our long-term leverage goals within a couple of years. I think we could make that work. But investment grade thing is important to us, right? I mean we are not in [indiscernible] shop or anything else like that. We'll maintain investment grade.
Jeff Sprague : Understood. And then just on CapEx. Has the amount of CapEx expected for the total program, the new plant and otherwise changed. I think you were talking about $150 million in CapEx for 2024 previously. Now we're at [175]. I was just kind of getting through it faster. Maybe you could just provide a little additional color there.
Joe Reitmeier: The total program is still the same. We just have some additional CapEx that we have in 2024 to prepare for the new refrigerant products and investments with [tanks] and new refrigerant lines within the factory that also come in this year.
Jeff Sprague : And normal CapEx when we're all through this is $75 million to $100 million a year?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, with inflation, probably not closer to 100 like...
Alok Maskara: Yes, I think it'd be closer to 100 million, 110, not 75 to 100. Just growth and maintenance built into that, right? Maintenance might be 75, 80, but to support our growth, we probably will add more. So I would say it's north of 100.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa : Yes, I missed you at HR. I'd say attendance of investors was also at a record which may be inversely correlated to multiples someday, but we'll see.
Alok Maskara: I saw you from far in a different company booth, but you're holding a good audience, I didn't interrupt.
Steve Tusa : Yes, yes, yes. Lots of great details of that show, for sure. Just on the price capture dynamics. I think you guys had talked about doing some midyear price increases this year, your capture was in the fourth quarter around 2%. Can you maybe just talk about how -- what types of things you were doing at midyear and what your kind of net realization was and how that waterfall works?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I'll start. So I think the overall, as we talked about price increases, we talked about doing residential new construction price increase in the middle of 2023. That did go ahead as expected and as we looked at the overall drop-through that is about what we expected, maybe a share worse than we expected, to be honest. And I think that just came down to the mix between residential new construction and the seasonality baked in there. Not a whole lot of R&C gets shipped towards in the Q4 time frame. So from that perspective, that went as we expected. We have key account price increases going into effect this year, mostly early this year, and we know we announced a price increase, broader 1 and that goes into effect in February. So all the pricing actions that we talked about is gone as we had expected. We remain comfortable on where we are. And it's been good to see that the whole industry moving in that direction as well.
Steve Tusa : Yes. And I guess just on a unit basis, what was the actual revenue for the captive business in fourth quarter? And what was the -- putting parts aside, what was the unit volume for that business, the captive resi business?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. So total revenue through distributors was down high to mid-teens and then the direct was up high single digits for Q4.
Steve Tusa : So your unit volume in Q4 for that business was actually up.
Joe Reitmeier: Correct. Low single digits.
Steve Tusa : Okay. And one last one, just on the new A2L product. When is first call for you guys? And what's your -- when will you be able to actually ship that product? When will the distributors like see the specs and a physical product, like what's kind of the schedule of that rollout just on the ground physically?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So I think with the key distributor, they're already seeing the spec. We're already going through the training and all that. First physical product probably comes out in the second half of this year. And we will start with sort of the high-end products, I think the consumer's appetite for going to R54B is going to be more and faster. And then we will slowly transition towards the lower year and the lower-end products. So we'll start with the higher end towards the middle of the year. And we are on track or ahead of schedule on each of those things. We don't expect any R454B for meaningful sales, can we put on a showcase on display booths in first half of this year, yes. But for somebody to actually place a PU and buy would be in the second half of this year.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo.
Joe O'Dea : On the kind of commercial mix, can you just talk to how -- what percentage of the mix was emergency replacement in 2023 and how you're thinking about that stepping up in 2024. I think normalized as maybe something like 30%, but I think still on sort of a migration toward normal.
Alok Maskara: Yes. So listen, we were close to 0. I think we hit double digit in '23 in terms of trying to get to emergency replacement. Barely, I would say, high single digit, double digits in 2023, and that includes both our direct and going to through our distribution partners. And we still think there's a lot of room ahead. We probably won't move that needle until Saltillo comes in production in the second half of this year. So expect us to hover in high single digits, low double digits until Saltillo comes online.
Joe O'Dea : Got it. And then what are your thoughts on when we think about the residential side and the direct demand sounds like trended better than anticipated in '23 indirect sort of worse. And so how do you align those 2 things? Is your assessment that channel inventory is just thinner than historical averages? And why would direct trend better and indirect destock headwinds trend worse?
Alok Maskara: Listen, as we talk to our distribution partners, and we're very close to them. It's not the channel inventory had more talk than we thought. And yes, with the EPA ruling and then everything, the channel essentially flows in Q4, especially they're worried that for a while remember the fear was that you would not be able to sell 410A products, unless it was replacement starting December 2024. So I think that ruling created just a freeze mentality in our channel, which I'm glad EPA issued some clarification and coming up with final ruling. But the direct business holding out better than we thought was actually a positive. I mean, which means the consumer is being resilient, and we were pleased with that resiliency. Now being the CEO of Lennox, I also think we gained share, so that's something we will watch out for as numbers normalize. It's hard to figure out share dynamics right now given things are unclear on how much of it is us winning share and how much is the fact that we are going direct, but I mean, from numbers that we see, I mean, we gain lots of shares. We just need to figure out how much of that is transitionary versus rail.
Joe Reitmeier: And I'll just add on the direct side, we executed very well on the minimum SEER transition.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen.
Gautam Khanna : I wanted to ask about the IRA and how well defined it is in the states in terms of the tax rebate.
Alok Maskara: IRA has become such a topic for the past 12 months with very little to show for you kind of stopped banking on it and one aspect of IRA, which was through the SEER tax credits that's kind of flowing through in some cases, some states are renewing it on their own. I don't think any of us saw the big impact we were expecting from IRA, but we're starting to see drips and dribblers. If the government really gets their act together and figure out this whole income qualification criteria to get the IRA piece, which there's no practical way to do it for a dealer right now, then I do think there's upside left, but we're not counting on it right now, especially given the election year, I don't know if the government will put this as a priority to figure it out with the state governments and dealers on how to make that work. But the rest of it is kind of slowly dripping in.
Gautam Khanna : Got you. And then given the confusion, I guess, the phase-in of the new refrigerant resi systems in '25, what are your updated expectations for pricing over the next 2 years, average pricing in the past, we've talked about something like 15% off of the '23 levels. Do you think that's still valid or do you think it's lower now?
Alok Maskara: Yes, that's a valid.
Joe Reitmeier: No, it's still valid. I think that's still just working through the entire process, and that was the comment earlier as well maybe getting some of that this year, especially with the 410A numbers that we talked about this year. But at that number over 2 years still totally valid.
Gautam Khanna : Okay. And given the potential slowdown in unitary that you mentioned and what we're seeing in resi. Have you seen any evidence anywhere in the industry of intensified price competition? Or is everyone still just getting -- pushing through price and getting that.
Alok Maskara: It's more the latter on an overall basis. But listen, if I speak to 1 salesperson in 1 corner, they will convince me that there's an intense price competition in their own territory, and that's why they're not meeting their numbers. But if you ignore those individual data points and you look at a broader trend, right now, the price seems to be sticking across the board. And it's no accident. I mean, the costs are going up too. I mean if you look at the overall margins, margins expanding nowhere close to what the pricing number we talk about. So some of it is just recovering the cost that we went through and are continuing to have to burden as we look at higher SEER products, new A2L refrigerants, better efficiency compressors and the labor and material inflation. So I don't see that going backwards because manufacturers have to offset the extra costs we are incurring.
Gautam Khanna : And one last one for Michael. I just -- maybe could you further quantify the new facility costs in Q1 and Q2? And just -- like what are you specifically unabsorbed cost, if you will? What are you implying on that.
Michael Quenzer : Yes. Just thinking about it. We have a factory that we're going to start to staff with people. We're going to get them trained. We're not going to have very high productivity as we build units -- and really, we won't even start to get any absorption until kind of mid- to late Q2. You have all of those ramp-up costs there. And then even in the second half, a portion of the $10 million will be lower efficiency, we will start to get some units out, but it won't be highly efficient. We won't be running at full efficiency until mid-2025. So it's probably going to be more to the front half, and it gets better as you get into the second half of that $10 million.
Gautam Khanna : Got it. But in aggregate for the year, it's $10 million.
Michael Quenzer : Correct.
Gautam Khanna : With the front end, I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox's fourth quarter conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. All lines are currently in a listen-only mode and there will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from the Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone. We have had an exciting quarter, and we are looking forward to discussing the details with all of you this morning. With me today is CEO, Alok Maskara; CFO, Joe Reitmeier; and VP of Finance, Michael Quenzer. Alok will take you through some quarter highlights as well as some preliminary perspective on the year ahead. Joe will go into depth on the Company's quarterly financial results as well as our revised guidance for fiscal 2023. At the end of the call, we will move to our Q&A session. Turning to Slide 2. A reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers to be relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Investor Relations website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation and the webcast archive link for today's call are available on our Investor Relations website at investor.lennox.com. You can also find the press releases for our CFO transition and AES acquisition on the Investor Relations website. Now please turn to Slide 3, I then turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning, everyone. I am proud to report that this has been another record quarter for Lennox with results that truly speak to our commitment towards delivering growth acceleration and resilient margin expansion. The record revenue, profit and earnings that we are sharing today reflect the transformative impact of our self-help initiatives put in place last year. These results were made possible by the hard work of Lennox's 13,000 employees as well as the unwavering loyalty of our dealers and customers. I deeply appreciate the tireless efforts of everyone who played a part in delivering these exceptional results. I also extend my appreciation to our dealers and customers for entrusting Lennox to provide top-tier innovative products and solutions. Now let me transition into an overview of this quarter's highlights. Lennox's core revenue grew 10% and our adjusted segment margin expanded 334 basis points to 19.3%, resulting in our adjusted earnings per share increasing 30% to $5.37. Our operating cash flow of $313 million was up 83% year-over-year. Additionally, earlier this morning, we announced Joe Reitmeier decision to retire and the appointment of Michael Quenzer as our new CFO. We are excited for both Joe and Michael as we complete this planned transition. Additionally, we also announced the strategic acquisition of Architectural Engineering Services, or AES this morning. The acquisition is consistent with our bolt-on acquisition strategy and is a clear strategic fit that will accelerate growth, unlock operational synergies and enhance our service offerings to create incremental shareholder value. Now please turn to Slide 4 for more details on our CFO transition. Announced earlier this morning, Joe Reitmeier has decided to retire, and I'd like to express my sincere gratitude for his remarkable 18-year tenure at Lennox. Under his leadership, the Company achieved many significant milestones, including 7x earnings per share growth and 12x increase in market cap. Beyond his financial stewardship, Joe has cultivated a talented dynamic finance organization here at Lennox. With that strong foundation and robust succession plan, we expect a smooth transition as Michael Quenzer takes on the role of Chief Financial Officer, effective January 1, 2024. Michael joined Lennox in 2004 and has been a key contributor to Lennox's strong financial performance. He has a proven track record of driving operational excellence developing talent and creating shareholder value. Michael's experience as the segment CFO during the commercial turnaround and most recently as VP Finance and Investor Relations, equips him with a solid foundation for his new role. I'm very happy for Joe, as he looks forward to his well-owned retirement, and I am excited to work with Michael in his new capacity. Please join me in congratulating both Joe and Michael. Now please turn to Slide 5 for an overview of the ADS acquisition. We are pleased to welcome AES customers and employees to the Lennox family. This strategic bolt-on acquisition is in line with our overall capital deployment strategy and provides clear benefits to our customers, employees and shareholders. As you may know, Lennox's existing national account service team is focused on preventative maintenance and energy monitoring services. Our new acquisition is centered on turnkey installation accessories as well as refrigerant, reclaim and recycling. The combined portfolio will allow us to serve our customers more holistically, ensuring that all their needs are met by Lennox. Additionally, it enhances our cross-selling opportunities as we can now offer a broader range of services and solutions to our client base. This will strengthen our relationship with our customers and positions us for a comprehensive lifecycle provider in this fragmented light commercial service industry. AES also provides new services to facilitate product life commissioning, including refrigerant reclamation and material recycling. For example, a commercial customer can purchase rooftop equipment from Lennox, utilize AES installation services, use us for maintenance and monitoring and leverage our reclaim and recycling services at the end of equipment life. By offering these services, we not only align with the evolving environmental needs and regulations but also create a new revenue stream for our business, ensuring that we remain at the forefront of sustainable innovations. Another compelling aspect of this acquisition is the vertical integration into parts and accessories, specifically in core adapters. By manufacturing and core adapters in-house, we will be able to generate cost efficiencies, increase profitability and build a stronger competitive edge in the marketplace. Ultimately, this strategic bolt-on acquisition addresses several critical execution needs in our growth strategy. It adds installation capabilities to our industry-leading preventative maintenance services, provides new services such as refrigerant reclaimer and material recycling to support product lifecycle decommissioning and increases the sales of parts and access fees. Now, let me hand the call over to Joe, who will take us through the details of our Q3 financial performance.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Alok, and good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 6. As Alok mentioned earlier, the Company posted strong revenue and earnings growth. Our core revenue, which excludes our European operations, was a record $1.3 billion, up 10% where price and mix drove significant year-over-year improvement. Adjusted segment profit increased $62 million as $97 million of price and mix benefits were partially offset by inflationary impacts on SG&A and distribution costs. Total adjusted segment margin was 19.3%, up 334 basis points versus prior year. And for the quarter, corporate expenses were $27 million, an increase of $11 million as a result of higher incentive compensation and wage inflation. In the third quarter -- or the third quarter, achieved record levels of revenue, segment profit and adjusted earnings per share. Adjusted earnings per share grew by 30% to $5.37. Our third quarter tax rate of 25.6% and diluted shares outstanding were $35.7 million compared to $35.5 million in the prior year quarter. Turning to our residential results on Slide 7. The chart shows revenue growth of 7% to a record $896 million in third quarter. The segment benefited from new minimum efficiency standards and a richer mix of higher efficiency products. We also noticed the positive impact from the strategic price increase in June. Although unit sales volumes for the segment declined by 2%, our direct-to-contractor sales volume increased mid-single digits, reflecting healthy end markets and ongoing market share gains. Unit sales volumes through independent distribution channels declined mid-teens, primarily due to continued industry de-stocking, which decelerated during the quarter. Residential segment profit increased 18% to $181 million, and segment margin improved by 183 basis points to 20.2%, driven primarily by price and mix and partially offset with lower volume, higher incentive compensation and inflationary effects on wages and distribution. Turning to Slide 8 and our commercial business that continues to deliver strong results. Revenue was $406 million in the quarter, up 15%. Combined price and mix were up 13%, and volume was up 2%. Commercial segment profit was $97 million or up 86%, and segment margin expanded 912 basis points to 24%. These results were driven by price and mix for a total for the total of a $47 million increase in profit for the quarter. Increased factory productivity has offset inflation and we have made significant progress on our new factory construction, which will support growth and productivity. Moving on to cash flow performance and our net debt to EBITDA starting on Slide 9. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $313 million compared to $171 million orders in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $40 million for the quarter, an increase of $20 million compared to prior year. Our capital deployment priorities remain consistent, supporting organic growth investments like our new commercial manufacturing facility in Mexico, driving industry-leading innovation and exploring potential bolt-on acquisitions like AES. In the quarter, the Company paid approximately $78 million in dividends. Total debt was approximately $1.5 billion at the end of the quarter, and our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.7x. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $141.6 million at the end of the quarter. Construction on the new commercial factory is also coming along nicely with first production anticipated mid-2024. We do anticipate some P&L inefficiencies and temporary working capital build as the factory ramps up. By the second half of 2025, however, we expect the factory will be fully ramped, and we will begin realizing productivity gains. Now turning to Slide 10, I'll review our revised 2023 full year guidance. As a result of our strong execution on driving growth and expanding margins, we are increasing our full year outlook. We estimate core revenue to be up approximately 5% for the year and earnings per share of $17.25 per share to $17.75 per share. We are also increasing our free cash flow target to a range of $350 million to $400 million. Our guidance for capital expenditures is unchanged from our prior guide at $250 million, and this includes our investment in the new Saltillo factory and refrigerant transition-related investments. Pricing cost benefit are now expected to be $325 million, and net material costs are expected to be flat for 2023. We revised our corporate expense estimate to be $100 million attributable to higher incentive compensation expenses. We will remain diligent on managing SG&A expense while also making necessary investments in the business to support growth, promote the development of our innovative products and solutions, improve overall productivity. And finally, we still expect our weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be approximately 35.5 million shares. With that, let's turn to Slide 11, and I'll hand it back over to Alok.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Joe. In addition to delivering impressed results, we are also making significant progress towards streamlining our portfolio. Last year, we announced a plan to divest -- we announced the plan to divest our European operations aligning with Lennox's strategic concentration on the North American market, where we are well positioned to accelerate growth and expand resilient margins. In the third quarter, we reached exclusive agreements for the sale of our European commercial HVAC businesses as well as our European process cooling businesses. Based on these agreements, we recorded $63 million noncash impairment this quarter. We expect both transactions to be completed before the end of the year. We also made strides in simplifying our already strong balance sheet. In September, we issued $500 million of senior unsecured five-year notes, which will replace the $350 million note maturing in November of this year. In order to retire all secured debt, we increased our revolving credit facility and introduced a commercial paper program. With these changes, we have lowered our financing cost and created additional liquidity. Now please turn to Slide 12, where I will provide an initial assessment of 2024 business conditions. 2024 will be another transformative year for Lennox as we ramp up the new commercial factory transition to low GWP refrigerant and continue our transformation plan. Our strategic management and execution discipline will allow us to navigate ongoing macroeconomic and regulatory uncertainties. On the left-hand side of this slide, we have laid out several tailwinds and headwinds that are likely to impact industry demand. We anticipate channel de-stocking to end in 2023, which will lead to favorable volume trends in 2024 as channel returns to its usual ordering patterns. Additionally, the IRA, tax credits and other local incentives aimed at promoting energy-efficient at grades will encourage consumers to replace versus repair as well as the boost the sales of higher efficiency products. Also, as supply chains continue to heal and lead times normalize, pent-up demand for commercial products will drive growth. We continue to monitor demand changes related to the impending refrigerant regulatory transition in 2025. There is likely to be demand disruptions as distributors are going to adjust inventory levels to mitigate supply chain risks, gain possible price advantage and prepare to meet regulatory deadlines. In terms of headwinds, the most significant source of uncertainty stems from macroeconomic factors. These include 2024 as an election year, fluctuations in consumer confidence influenced by geopolitical concerns and the impact of elevated interest rates on residential new homes and large commercial construction projects. On the right-hand side of the slide, we have identified several profit drivers. We believe that end market demand and normalization of channel inventory will drive improved volume with consistent incremental profits. We also expect the ongoing benefits of the strategic pricing initiatives and additional pricing opportunity driven by the increase in the cost of 410 refrigerants. Towards the end of 2024, we'll start experiencing additional price and mix benefits, driven by the higher cost of 454B units that require new sensors, control boards and more for advanced heat exchangers to maintain energy efficiency ratings. We forecast additional manufacturing productivity due to higher absorption and fuel for supply chain constraints. These drivers will be partially offset by ongoing inflation, ramp-up costs for the new commercial factory in Saltillo and costs associated with the refrigerant transitions. Regarding cash flow, we anticipate cash conversion to be impacted by a temporary increase in working capital as well as capital investment to complete the new commercial factory and to meet the 2025 refrigerant transition requirements. Ultimately, our outlook on 2024 is cautiously optimistic. Our strategy remains focused on consistent execution, driving top line growth and expanding our margins. We plan to provide our 2024 financial guidance when we report our fourth quarter earnings early next year. With that, please turn to Slide 13. Allow me to summarize some of the factors that lead me to believe Lennox is poised to continue delivering great results. First, we are making the necessary investments to enhance our go-to-market effectiveness to meet the attractive long-term industry demand. Second, our unique direct-to-dealer model enables us to deliver sustainable and resilient higher margins by leveraging both our manufacturing and distribution network to optimize profitability. Third, we deliver consistent execution through utilization of our balanced scorecard-based operating system, dual source supply chain and lean digital processes. Our capital deployment remains disciplined as we prioritize organic growth investments, developments, acquisitions and share repurchases. The fourth pillar is our advanced technology portfolio that allows us to address mega-trends and provide innovative solutions to our customers. Finally, we live by our core values and embody our guiding principles to strengthen our high-performance culture. Our pay-for-performance incentive structure also ensures close alignment of talent and stakeholder interest. I would like to conclude by expressing my appreciation to all of our employees and customers. I also want to thank Joe Reitmeier for his dedication over the years and congratulate Michael Quenzer on his new role as CFO. Finally, I would like to welcome all of the 280 AES employees to the Lennox family. I am excited about what the future holds for Lennox as our best days are still ahead of us. Thank you. Joe, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions now. Kerry, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Joe, we're going to miss you. I think it was you, me and LeBron from Akron. So, we're going to be down to two now, but...
Joe Reitmeier: I appreciate you.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks for all the help over the years. Look, thanks for the early view into 2024. I wonder if we could just drill a little bit more into the transition itself. And just thinking about the timing of all this, should we expect, say, kind of cost burdens early in the year that are then kind of recaptured in higher selling prices later in the year? Just kind of thinking about the progression of this through your P&L as you prepare and then ultimately sell on the other side?
Michael Quenzer: Jeff, this is Michael. Yes, I'll speak specifically to the commercial factory. What you'll see in the first half of next year is that we'll ramp that factory up specifically on the head count and some of the training needed to start the production kind of late into Q2. So, you'll see some costs in the first half with no production output. And then in the second half, we'll start to get some production output, but that also still won't be at full efficiency. It will take a bit of time before we get the efficiency, but the second half will at least start to get some more production out and let us start to get back into the inventory levels that we need to get into emergency replacement. So, most first half of the year is going to be kind of the cost and efficiency getting better in the second half.
Alok Maskara: And Jeff, the same would be true on the refrigerant transition. So I think you're right to assume that the first half, there would be cost burdens as we start converting lines, ordering more spare parts. And then second half is where we start getting the price mix benefits. Most of the price mix benefits for refrigerant transition is likely to be 2025, but we'll start seeing some of that towards the tail end of next year.
Jeff Sprague: And maybe just as a follow-on comment here. Just thinking about the commercial margins, obviously, just a very positive story here in 2023 looks like you are still expecting kind of a significant step down in Q4. Obviously, there's some seasonality, but maybe just give us some color on what you'd expect in Q4 in commercial price/cost mix and how the bridges to a margin expectation there?
Joe Ritchie: Yes. Naturally, our Q4 has a little less volume in it seasonally. It drops down a little bit. But -- as we look to our backlog, the margin and the backlog still this supports margins that we saw in Q3. So pricing still remains to hold there well as well as the mix dynamic is positive. So, we see that continuing into next year. I mean after several years of being behind on the price/cost dynamic, we've kind of gotten back to where we think we have normal margins. Now, it's involved maintaining those margins going forward as we start to see costs for refrigerants and some of the new 454B cost additions that we need to do.
Alok Maskara: I think, Jeff, on the guide perspective, I mean, I just want to remind that like we are still heavily volume-constrained. And even in Q3, if we had more capacity, we would have sold more. So I just want to remind that like we made good progress in the factory. There are still -- are paying back a more some time with supply chain with production output. We wanted to make sure that we didn't get too far ahead of ourselves as to giving guidance for the rest of the year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Chirag Patel with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Chirag Patel: Thank you. Just wanted to also thank Joe for his time and patience with us over the years, and Michael I look forward to your continued insights in the new role, congratulations. One thing I wanted to kind of hit on was on the acquisition side. Any sort of thoughts on seasonality of that business, if there is something that doesn't match up with where commercial is currently? And then we talked about being accretive to earnings. Just wanted to also get a sense for how that margin profile kind of works. Will it be at the similar levels that we're seeing here in commercial currently? Or is there maybe a little bit of a dilution to that in the near term?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Thanks, Chirag. Let me start on that. So first of all, very excited about the acquisition, very consistent with our stated goal of how we look at bolt-on and areas such as service parts and accessories so super excited on what that brings. In terms of seasonality I mean given that it's installation and services, it's going to be very similar to the rest of the Lennox business, so I wouldn't expect anything materially different compared to the rest of the business. The same comment also holds on the margin. The margin on par would be same as the rest of Lennox, neither accretive nor dilutive to us as we embark on 2024. So, a great fit for us, it kind of from a revenue perspective and margin perspective would be similar dynamics to the rest of Lennox's business. I mean the fit is like hand in a glove fit for us on how well this business fits with our existing portfolio.
Chirag Patel: And then I guess on the commercial side, we talked about the idea of being able to sell more if we had more volume capacity currently. But just digging a little bit deeper into the actual end markets themselves, are you seeing any sort of softness or weakness in any of the various markets you serve? Is there a specific area that may be moderating just given the current macro environment that's out there, anything that you can help us within understanding that a little bit better?
Alok Maskara: Where we have seen some softness is like large office complexes and others. The good news is our exposure to that market is very small. Our primary exposure, as you know, is in flat single-story buildings like retail, restaurants, schools and all of them have been doing very well. So we haven't seen any significant change. Now we do see backlog, which is not like big for us, going back to more normal levels as lead times are going back to more normal levels. But from a core demand perspective, we're not noticing any noticeable differences, except in the small pocket where we don't have much exposure that's large office buildings and office complexes.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Nice quarter. So, the net material inflation now, I think, looks flat. So I think prior, you're looking for, I think, commodity costs, $35 million of deflation offset by component inflation of, I think, 90, if I'm not mistaken. How does -- if you break out that flat between the components and the commodities, how does that look? Is it mainly steel price the facing coming through on the commodities? I was just curious how that bucket looks?
Joe Ritchie: Yes. What we've seen is the commodity is about favorable. We saw steel year-to-date favorable. And for the rest of the year, we think commodities are going to be pretty flat. We don't see a lot of benefit in the commodities in the fourth quarter. You'll see continued headwinds a little bit on some of the material costs in Q4, but it's not as significant as we previously thought under our last guidance. That's really where the big change is that little bit less expected inflation on some of the non-commodity material. But for now, the commodities have been relatively flat across steel, copper and aluminum.
Nigel Coe: And then if we then carry that through into '24, obviously, with the hedges, you got some visibility there. How does that look in maybe the first half of the year?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, we'll see a little bit of benefit on the hedges as they drift into next year in the first half for the aluminum. Aluminum, we spent more on that as the copper and the steel that's more fluctuation on the current pricing. So, we'll see where steel goes, but we think it will be pretty muted next year on commodities.
Nigel Coe: And then just a quick one, if you bear with me on the refinancing cost. I think, look, you mentioned lower financing cost with refi. I think it was $50 million or 5%, replacing $350 at 3%. So just wondering how the mathematics works there?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I'll take that. I mean, I think if you look at it as an overall financing cost, I mean, clearly, interest rates are out of our control. But many of our secured credit lines and if we look at the actual financing costs were higher. But from a pure interest rate perspective, you're right. I mean, the new bonds are at a higher interest rate and the bonds that are expiring. But as you took a whole package together, on what we are paying for secured financing versus the benefits of commercial paper, items under control would now be at a lower cost versus otherwise.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I'll dig it into that, and Joe, congratulations, Michael, congratulations. So, I'll leave it there.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Noah Kaye: And I'll add my congratulations to mix as well, wishing both lots of luck. Peers are sounding like they may expect a richer mix the low GWP products next year just based off of the installation requirements under the EPA rules that recently came out. Are you thinking similarly, could there actually be a stronger front-loaded pre-buy of 410A? Just your thoughts on how the rules impact those considerations for next year?
Alok Maskara: I mean the rules are still a bit of in a flux. As you know, EPA came out with some final guidelines recently. We are still waiting for some clarifications from DOE and other pieces. Would there be mix benefits for the new refrigerants? Absolutely. Is it going to be early next year? We don't know. We think it's likely going to be more towards second half of next year as the transition starts ticking forward. But what we know for sure is given our preparation, which we think we are at or ahead of orders in terms of preparation, given our direct-to-dealer model, and given that our indoor units are compatible with our outdoor units. As we go through the transition, we think we are favorably positioned as we go into the transition year. But we will give you more details when we announce Q4 results and there be greater clarity on the different regulations and rules that will impact the transition. We are ready for the change, and we feel we're going to do better than others, but the mix impact is still to be TBD, likely to be more in the second half versus first half.
Noah Kaye: Okay. And I'm pleasantly surprised to hear that the margins on the AES acquisition are comparable to the commercial or to the Lennox average is given that, that's would just be largely an installed business. Can you talk a little bit about that? And what accounts for sort of the quality implications in that business? And what was really appealing about the business that made it a target for you?
Alok Maskara: Yes. So, the financial profile, as I said, is similar to rest of Lennox, which is good. What was attractive to us was to be able to provide a comprehensive holistic range of services to our customers because earlier, we did not provide installation services. We did not provide refrigerant reclaim and recycling, and we did not manufacture our own core adapters. So it was really a very, very good fit with the gaps in our portfolio. We like the team. We like the customer base. As you can imagine, we did significant due diligence including using external services for financial due diligence. And we are super excited about taking the business forward, getting a greater share of our customer spend, giving them good assurance all the way from cradle to grave for the product to be able to serve as well. So while the financials are small, we are just super excited about the strategic fit and where this business is going to go, including the synergies that we can gain out of this business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: My congratulations to Michael as well, and then thank you, Joe, for all the time and wish you the best on retirement. So maybe my first question, can we just focus on resi volumes for the quarter? Nice to see the decelerating trend this quarter, curious, can you maybe just kind of parse that out? What do you see specifically in your independent distribution channel versus selling direct?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So, the independent distribution, we saw volumes down kind of mid-teens. And we saw that improve as the kind of quarter went on, specifically in our coils business. That was one of the first businesses that started destocking. We're starting to see that improve. So that's a good sign. The destocking is ending on the coil side. So you'll start kind of mid-teens on the independent district distribution.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And Michael, what's kind of like the expectation then for 4Q on the independent distribution side?
Michael Quenzer: Middle of all, we're getting to kind of a flat volume for Q4. We think it'll be down a little bit. There's still some furnace inventory in the channel that needs to destock. It's more of a seasonal product in Q4. So you'll see that for a bit. But then the direct side should be up offsetting that.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Cool. And then I guess just thinking about 2024, and I appreciate the comments you've already made on commercial margins and the plant and potentially productivity efficiencies as you kind of ramp the plant. At the same time, like you haven't seen a lot of productivity benefits coming through commercially yet, yet the margins are -- have been really, really good. So, I'm just curious like -- how do you kind of -- how do we level set like what the margin profile for the commercial business should be or could be in 2024?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Let me speak on that. So as we look at the commercial business, we are very pleased with the progress. And as a reminder, we are sort of ahead of where we had communicated and expected, and we have delivered over $100 million in EBIT improvement even before Q3. If you go back and look at strategically what we did there, we rationalize a significant portion of our product. You can call that a mix benefit. You can cause that productivity benefit. It really doesn't matter. But yes, I mean, we are -- our factories are running much better, getting a greater output and giving us more of the products that we getting margins on. So what it does is it sets us up really nicely for even though we are going to have a onetime cost for factory startup and we'll be bidding the kind of extra labor, extra cost before we start production. We think going into 2024, we are not going to be degrading margins in commercial throughout the year. So, I think we are set up for long-term success. Second factory gets us more volume at similar margins, and we are excited about the future of commercial. And I wouldn't read too much into whether we got productivity or not because on those walks, you can put mix as any different ways. We just put a lot of those benefits certainly into mix.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Nice quarter. Alok, could you just comment on demand trends exiting 3Q and into 4Q? It sounds like the Allied business is improving, but anything else you'd add?
Alok Maskara: Hey, Ryan, thanks. It's been very similar. We said even when we give '23, guidance that we would expect destocking to essentially end in '23, besides some furnaces. And that's exactly what you're seeing is destocking is tailing down some furnaces, as Michael mentioned earlier, are still in there. And we haven't noticed anything different compared to the end of Q3 versus the beginning of Q4. That holds true for both direct and indirect channel. Consumer seems to be holding pretty well on the resi side. On the commercial side, there's lots of sophisticated dialogue around how we transition next year and what we do with capacity when it comes back online, but again, no significant changes in demand over the past few weeks as we finished Q3 and move into Q4. Everything is very, very consistent with how we thought about it and what we have communicated in the past.
Ryan Merkel: You mentioned pent-up demand. I'm just curious how much visibility do you have? Do you have backlog through the first part -- the first half of '24, just any commentary on sort of your confidence in that part of the business?
Alok Maskara: I mean we are not in the long lead backlog type business. So I mean within a quarter, we typically book and ship. When we end the quarter, we might have six to eight weeks of backlog on the books. So no, from a booked order perspective, we don't carry over beyond a quarter or so. But from conversations with our customers and quotation activity and starting to schedule changeovers, we feel good about 2024. Because remember, there's a pent-up demand. The average age of units on rooftops when you look at large customers, whether it's Lowe's, Walmart, others, is much higher than what it should be, which means they're paying more for repairs than they should and a new unit may have a much quick payback compared to the previous times. So those conversations all make us feel confident. But we'll get more into this when we announce Q4 results in early 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Congrats, Joe, I'm wondering if you're getting your retirement home in Cleveland.
Joe Reitmeier: Believe it or not, yes, and we'll see you around the stocking on some way.
Jeff Hammond: Just look, I want to go back to pricing you made some comments at a conference kind of 15% price. I think Carey was out with similar comments. Just maybe walk through your confidence in being able to kind of realize those? And then, it seems like year one is maybe more around refrigerant inflation, which we're not seeing yet, just any feedback on kind of where refrigerant prices go from here?
Alok Maskara: Yes. So, I think, first of all, we are pleased that the numbers we gave are similar to what the peers are giving. And just a reminder to others who may be less familiar because those numbers were over two years, right, we said starting 2023, ending in 2025, we think there's a pricing opportunity in that range over two years. First year, yes, there is a refrigerant. Now the spot pricing on 40 goes up and down a little bit. But keep in mind that the production quota has not been reduced yet. That gets into reduction starting 2024. So we still expect refrigerant price to go up. And all indications based on conversations with suppliers is that it will, that will force everybody to do price increases, including us. So we are monitoring that closely and no change in our outlook yet. In addition, as we go further into the year and we think of the new tire efficiency, the cost of sensors, that outlook has not changed either. So while you can there be certain and we'll get more into this in early 2024, Jeff, in our viewpoint on that has not changed.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Great. And then just the mix and resi continues to be impressive. I'm just wondering how much is just straight year change versus consumers mixing up or I know supply chain was an issue on the higher-end stuff. And then just on share gain. I mean, it's obviously some noise with destocking and everything, but it seems like some share pickup in the residential business, maybe where do you see that coming from?
Alok Maskara: Sure. On the mix Jeff, as a reminder, like last year, we talked a lot about mix being negative. So remember, our mix has been negative for the past two years. A lot of it was semiconductor-driven as we tend to have the chips for the high-end products, which uses a lot more chips. So that has reverted itself. We are selling a lot more of the premium products. I think as part of pricing excellence, the team is doing a really good job driving the right mix as we go into larger accounts and running the appropriate promotions. That would promote a higher mix. The incentive structure helps us well because a lot of the government incentives and rebates come only at higher efficiency products, not at a lower one. And then, of course, there's the pure [indiscernible], which we called out earlier. So, I think that number has not changed. But I think the upside in the mix is more from all the other factors, mostly on selling higher-end premium products.
Jeff Hammond: And then just kind of around share gain?
Alok Maskara: On share gain, I like to look at it over a 12-month period. I mean, right now, because of destocking our direct business clearly shows very good share gains. We think some of it is artificial and will go away as destocking again. We are confident some of it is real and will stick around as like in the dust clears between stocking and destocking. But it's too early to call victory or too early to take a victory lap here. We'd like to see all the numbers settle in by next year. But we feel very good based on conversations, based on a number of dealers who are coming back to us based on our new dealer pipeline and based on just the feedback and customer satisfaction stores that we are getting. Our customer satisfaction had dipped. But as I look at NPS scores, we are back to regular better than regular, which is always a leading indicator into share. So we feel good where we are, but I'd like to give it a few more months and just to settle before we kind of claim that to be a win.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our next question from the line of Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O’Dea: I guess wanted to start on just 2024 and your comments around volume growth and consistent incrementals and just touch on the volume growth side of that a little bit and in particular, on the resi side and just the dynamic you consider as kind of the setup for 2024, maybe some kind of comp benefits, so a little bit of absence of destock but then other factors you're considering kind of how you're thinking about that volume algorithm?
Michael Quenzer: Yes, that was the one that you just touched on. The absence of the destock that's obviously going to revert next year. So, we will see that pick up on the indirect side of our business. And then outside of that, we still expect the economy to continue to grow in low single-digit PDP and with that, we see the replacement market continue to expand. We'll get some volume there, potentially some share gains as well in residential. And then, we talked about, we still see good visibility into next year on the commercial after many years of being down in the industry. We're going to continue to see that grow as we talk with national accounts. They have big planned replacement programs going for several years to come, and we see that as a volume tailwind next year.
Joe O’Dea: And then on the fourth quarter implied margin step down, you touched on commercial, it sounds like nothing more than typical seasonality? Can you also touch on resi because it looks like what's implied is a larger-than-normal sequential step down? Is there anything within resi that's adding any kind of abnormal pressure versus typical seasonality?
Michael Quenzer: We'll have a little bit of headwind from absorption. As you saw in Q3, we started to ramp down our inventory levels. We had some absorption headwind in Q3. We'll see some more of that in the Q4, so we get the inventory levels to where we want to be and maximize our cash flow this year. Then next year, we start to grow inventories again as we transition to the new refer product, you get the absorption benefit back next year.
Joe O’Dea: Okay. And so when we think about the third quarter and fourth quarter kind of this margin move, a bigger impact on resi than what we would see on commercial. Is that reasonable?
Michael Quenzer: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Congrats to Joe and Michael. I wanted to come back to price. And understandably, there's a lot of moving pieces on the regulatory in terms of price mix and everything in resi. But thinking more broadly to commercial, I guess as your lead times and your ability to serve does improve here. Does it give you an inherent price entitlement? And how should we think about that as we flip the calendar here?
Alok Maskara: This is -- look, I don't know if it gives us any additional price entitlement that we have today. So we have done better at getting key account pricing that had been stuck with contracts in the past. We have done better at driving mix appropriately. So getting out of lower margin products and focusing our capacity on the higher-margin business where we have kind of appropriate advantages in terms of both price and performance. As we roll into 2024, beyond the 410A pricing impact that we talked about earlier and towards the tail end of the year, the new 454B units. I don't think there's anything incremental beyond those two that we already talked about in getting into there. A lot of the catch-up on national accounts and commercial was done this year and I wouldn't expect another catch up next year.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then just a follow-up on commercial. I was hoping you might be able to provide a little bit of context on the individual vertical performance within that business. I think you noted last quarter there was a gradual improvement within emergency replacement as you regain your footing there. But does that continue into Q3? And then any color on the individual verticals there?
Alok Maskara: Same trend as Q2, I mean some things like schools are always seasonal, so you will see that tailing off in Q3 compared to Q2 as most of those placements happen in summer. But beyond that, no specific track, and we continue to make inroads, I would call it, into emergency replacement and continue to maintain our key account value and beyond normal seasonality, nothing else specific to point out.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Deane Dray with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Deane Dray: Maybe I could circle back on the resi destocking this quarter. You said it was decelerated, so it seems to mostly have played out. Has there been any surprises from your perspective?
Alok Maskara: Not really big surprises. I mean, sometimes when we look at the overall industry numbers month-to-month, I think there are some months where we thought it was, wow, really better, some months the way worse. But net-net, not that many surprises, Deane, because I think overall, it's turning out very much exactly as we thought it would be in terms of when it would end. Now, I think there's different dynamics between independent distributors and large organized distributors. And just keep in mind that our focus and our exposure is largely to independent distributors versus large organized distributor. For us, it's played out very similar to what we thought it would.
Deane Dray: Great. And I appreciate the early look on some of the 2024 dynamics was hoping you could expand on the free cash flow implications. Just can you size what that temporary working capital bill might be? And when might that get worked down?
Joe Reitmeier: We're still formalizing all the plants, but it might be maybe 1% of sales. It's mostly related to the Commercial business as we ramp up that factor. We're going to need additional raw material might have a little bit of pre-build on the commercial but also with the 410A equipment since the manufacturing did cut off is kind of at the end of the year for all of that package system. So, that's really where most of that growth is going to be -- and then in addition to that, we'll have some higher or elevated capital expenditures going into next year as we finish up the factory and finish up the transition of the commercial factor and finish up the investments we need to make to transition our factories to the 454B product. So, CapEx will be elevated maybe kind of $150 million on that for next year as well. And then you ask about burning off that working cap that will take place over 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Please go ahead. Please check your mute button. I am not able to hear you. Gautam, are you -- as your mute button undone.
Alok Maskara: I think Gautam moved down in the queue. So maybe go to Steve next the next question.
Operator: Okay one moment, please. Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Congrats to both of you, for sure, Joe. It was a pleasure working with you. Always tremendous straight shooter, so I appreciate the work over the years. So just on the commercial side, I mean, I know you guys are opening up some really good numbers, carrier up 30% again this quarter or something like that. You say orders are solid. Like what is the -- but the lead times are like 50 weeks at some point, which is almost even like a fake lead time to an extent. What is the book-to-bill? What was the book-to-bill this quarter for that business as the backlog normalizes?
Alok Maskara: Steve, for us, as we look at our business, we have very little orders that carry over beyond a quarter. And when I mean order like booked order. So our book-to-bill ratio was extremely close to one, which is what it has been most of the time, except during really bad crisis. And the lead times for -- at least for us are no longer 50 weeks. Lead times are now trending just around a quarter within a quarter and getting much, much closer to normal.
Steve Tusa: Right. So you're saying that even when those lead times kind of stretched out there there's really no backlog build? I mean, is that what you're saying? I'm just having trouble reconcile on that because everybody else built a lot of backlog, obviously?
Alok Maskara: So, we did. So if you go back to last year, right, about the same time, we had talked about our backlog, and we had said that is unusual for us to carry so much backlog given the nature of the business. At this point, 12 years after that, we are saying that we still have backlog, but it's more in a normal level. It's no longer an elevated backlog, but our book-to-bill. So we are essentially shipping as much as we are booking at any given time. So that's close to right.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Got it. And then just on the pricing side, you guys have talked about that kind of mid-season price adjustment for some of the resi customers. Your pricing was kind of consistent 3Q to 2Q. Can you maybe just talk about how that played through? I know that may be a little bit of a tougher comp versus last year, but maybe just some color on that, how that played through?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. I think what you saw in Q2 is that we still had some benefit of lapping some prices in Q2, and by Q3, we fully lapped all that benefit, but we picked up the incremental strategic pricing in Q3. So that's where we'll start to see that normalize for the rest of the year though. But yes, we did see good pricing on the strategic pricing initiative we launched in June.
Steve Tusa: Okay and then one last question on pricing for next year. I know you said the double digit over a two-year period I'm not sure if that meant like mid-singles in '24 and mid-singles in '25. Maybe just a little bit more clarity on how you see that breaking out between '24 and '25.
Alok Maskara: Steve, that's still a bit TBD. We're in October, as we go into price increases, we got a greater clarity in a couple of months because there are lots of moving pieces, including cost of refrigerants, sensors, where the overall situation is in different manufacturing cost as well because we haven't even made any measurable quantity of the new product. So, we'll be able to give you a much more refined view of that when we announce Q4 results early next year.
Steve Tusa: Right. And no Investor Day, right, obviously in December?
Alok Maskara: That's right. No investor Day.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Congratulations to Joe and to Michael. Maybe just a first question. commercial margins, so not a particularly original topic. But if we think about what you said, Michael, earlier on this call, I think it's that the sort of firm-wide operating margin looks like it's down maybe 200, 300 basis points sequentially in Q4. And commercial is down sort of less than that and resi down a little bit more. So, we have that sort of jumping off point of a commercial margin of sort of 22% or something for the year, a little bit more than that. When we look at next year, the sort of puts and takes of all your color, are we assuming kind of fairly normal commercial operating leverage, you have the sort of the balance of the tailwind from volume and price mix and then the headwind from the new plant ramp-up. Is that maybe just confirm that thought process for Q4 and next year is roughly correct?
Alok Maskara: Julian, I'll start and then Michael will continue. But I just want to start by reminding that we don't really get segment margin targets by quarter. I mean, part of it is we just too small for that in terms of -- there's always puts and takes. So I think when we give guide, we look at the Company overall, and having said that, I'll go to Michael, who can get into the details of margin expectations and pluses and minuses, both for Q4 and for next year.
Michael Quenzer: So maybe I'll just talk about next year first. So I think that's mostly our focus at this point is. So what we'll see next year is that the margins that are in our P&L currently will retain next year. We'll want to price to maintain those as costs come in, specifically on components and some of the 410A refrigerant will maintain those margins. And then on top of that, we see volume growth. So, we'll get 30-plus percent incrementals as we get some additional volume out of that second price end markets or so. So you'll see that help lift up some of the operating margins offsetting that though will be some of that we have in the factory, the new factories, we've ramped those up. That's kind of our early thinking right now. But overall structure of the margins you see in 2023, we think will repeat next year.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. And just my quick follow-up is I know we're up on time. The price mix tailwind to EBIT, you've quantified it for this year. Just sort of fourth quarter, are we thinking it's about $50 million or so tailwind? Is that roughly the order of magnitude? And then, do we assume that that's sort of a good run rate into early next year?
Michael Quenzer: That's the guide that we have right now. We'll see where the final results come in. You need to remember that commercial last year, we had a lot of price increases that we started to get in Q4. So pretty big comps and commerce, which is why it drift off a little bit in Q4. But yes, we should retain that. And then you'll get a carryover price benefit next year for the residential strategic pricing that we did in June. So let to be on top of any price increases we announced effective January 1 that will come out in the next month or so.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from the line of Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: All right. Well, first, congratulations, Joe and Michael, I appreciate that all your help over the years, Joe, and wish you well.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna: A lot of questions have been asked and answered. But I was curious some companies have remarked that there's been evidence of trading down, if you will, repair over replacement in North American resi HVAC. Have you seen any evidence of that in your sales in the third quarter?
Alok Maskara: Gautam Khanna, I'll take that. It's unclear. Our exposure to repair is much lower than some of the other players in the industry, as you know. So we have read the same transcripts and we have gone through the same earnings and that does cause us some concern. But when I look at our own results and what we're hearing from our own dealers, we don't see that. So I mean I've read the same thing. It makes us a little cautious as we look at the guide going forward and making sure we continue to train our dealers to inform the consumer and make a very informed sale. But at the end of the day, as price of refrigerant keeps going up, whether it's R22 or 410A as cost of repair keeps going up and the fact that new units come with full warranty and are making it better in terms of efficiency our dealers do the right thing to educating the consumers around it. But we have read the same things. We have not heard that or seen that from our channel or our dealer base yet, but we're going to keep a close eye on that for Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just to reconcile a comment, I think you made to Steve on book-to-bill and then earlier on productivity and within the commercial business. It sounds like I'm just curious at what level of backlog are you kind of operating off of this at this point? Because it sounds like had you had capacity to do more, you would have shipped more. Yes. Just I'm curious like how much of the next quarter or two is actually visible to you in terms of demand?
Alok Maskara: So I think we -- and maybe the term backlog is used differently by different companies I mean when we think of backlog, it's for us, orders that are POs in the system, right, confirm. And then there's pipeline, we could be having discussions with the customer and getting their commitment about shipments in 2025 but those are not confirmed PO in our system. So our pipeline visibility is much higher, and we can see that through the next 12 to 18 months, but there's a conversion drop out in there. So we can be 100% sure. What we're 100% sure is our backlog. Typically, we book and ship within the same quarter. And during supply chain disruption, it became more than one quarter, and now we are back to sort of within the quarterly range. And we don't want to get into a situation where we start publishing backlog numbers because it's really not that relevant to our business. It is all within the quarter. So that's the comment on the backlog that I specifically mentioned.
Michael Quenzer: And I'll just add to that. It will be even less important as we move more into merger plus, that is really fast backlog activities.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. And just maybe a last one for me on that productivity journey at the commercial facility in Arkansas, like how far along are you in that journey? Are you kind of where you expect to be? And I'm just curious like how much headroom is actually left in terms of throughput and as the supply chain has gotten better and the like. How much upside do we still have?
Alok Maskara: There is upside remaining. And I think some of that has to be captured after the second factories online. I mean right now, we are still running at as I called it earlier, sometimes with band-aid and tweaks, I mean we have put in new management, great leaders. We have got sold or labor issues. So, there's a lot of good things going on there. But from a lean operations perspective and to be able to run a factory with consistent output, very low defect rates, very little rework. We have significant room for improving productivity in that factory. A lot of that is happening, but a lot more will happen as we get the second factory online and not run the factory above sort of where its capacity has been or what we think is capable of. So, some of that will happen only after the second factory comes online. Second, we'll keep working through that.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox's third quarter conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, everyone. We are excited to have you here with us this morning. Joining me today is CEO, Alok Maskara; CFO, Joe Reitmeier; and VP Finance, Michael Quenzer.  Alok will discuss quarter highlights and Joe will go into depth on the company's quarterly financial results and our updated guidance for fiscal 2023. After that, we will have a Q&A session with Alok, Joe and Michael. Turning to Slide 2. A reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. We may also refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures that management considers to be relevant indicators of underlying business performance. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our website for additional details, including a reconciliation of all GAAP and non-GAAP measures. The earnings release, today's presentation slides and the webcast archived link for today's call are available on our new Investor Relations website at www.investor.lennox.com. Now let me turn over the call to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning, everyone. I am delighted to share our impressive results from the recent quarter ending on June 30, during which we delivered record revenues, record profit, record EPS, record margins and record cash flow. These results demonstrate the power of our focused growth strategy and the progress of our commercial turnaround plan. I am grateful to our dealers and customers for their continued loyalty towards our products and services as we remain committed to further improving our service levels and enhancing their customer experience. I'm also thankful for the dedication and hard work of my 13,000 Lennox colleagues, whose relentless efforts have contributed to our outstanding performance this quarter. This successful quarter demonstrates the power of our laser-focused strategy, which builds on our existing strong direct customer relationships, advanced products platform and our unique distribution network. These factors will continue to fuel our share gain and margin expansion for the foreseeable future. Now I want to discuss some key highlights of the quarter on Slide 3. First, core revenues grew 3% and our adjusted segment margin expanded 320 basis points to 20.9%, resulting in our adjusted earnings per share, increasing 22% to $6.15. Additionally, our operating cash flow increased nearly 100% to $196 million. Second, we are extremely proud of our commercial team's execution of our profitable growth strategy. Both revenue and profits for the Commercial segment hit a record this quarter, driven by favorable price/mix and improved production output from our Stuttgart manufacturing location. Third, residential end markets were challenging, which resulted in our Residential segment, delivering lower revenue, margins and profits. Margins were also impacted by lower factory output and absorption as we normalize our own inventory levels, post the SEER transition. We remain cautiously optimistic about the second half, as we believe that the industry's inventory rightsizing is decelerating. In addition, our recent price increase will enable us to deliver improved margin performance during the balance of the year. Fourth and finally on this page, we are pleased to share the revised fiscal guidance for this year as we anticipate higher revenues, higher earnings per share and higher operating cash flow for the full year. Joe will review the revised guidance in greater depth later in the call. Now, please turn to Slide 4 for our view on the current business conditions impacting the industry. For the residential end market, we experienced higher-than-expected distributor destocking and a cooler start to the summer selling season. We are now anticipating unit volumes for the full year to decline by high single digits versus prior expectation of a mid-single-digit decline. Looking at the second half, we expect the impact of distributor destocking to diminish and we have started to see an uptick in our replacement sales, consistent with higher temperatures. In Commercial, we now anticipate sales to be up low double digits for the full year versus prior expectations of high single digits to low double-digit sales increase. The order backlog remains strong, and although delivery lead times remain extended, they are 50% lower than last year and in line with the industry. Regarding price versus inflation, we are pleased to report that the industry pricing remains disciplined and our own mid-year price increase has been broadly successful. Our outlook on both components and commodity cost inflation remains stable and unchanged, and we expect the second half of the year to deliver a positive price versus inflation spread. Ultimately, our improved service levels and increased commercial production gives us confidence that we are well positioned to gain share in the second half of this year. We continue to invest SG&A dollars towards improving our go-to-market processes, while deploying incremental frontline resources to win over more dealers and more key accounts. We believe that Lennox outperformed the industry in successfully launching the product portfolio to meet the new minimum efficiency standards, gaining further loyalty from customers and our dealers. During future regulatory transitions, including the upcoming low GWP refrigerant requirements on January 1, 2025, Lennox aims to deliver similar outperformance and capture additional share. Please turn to Slide 5 for more details regarding ongoing Lennox activities related to the upcoming refrigerant transition. We are pleased to announce that Lennox will transition to R-454B from R-410A refrigerant to meet the EPA requirement effective January 1, 2025. The R-454B choice was driven by our commitment to provide the best option for our valued customers and the environment. Compared to the existing 410A refrigerant, R-454B reduces greenhouse gas emissions and is approximately 80% less global warming potential. Lennox has demonstrated a solid track record of successfully navigating regulatory changes and this will be no exception. We have completed most product redesign and are now in the testing phase for this transition. The redesign includes updated compressors and other components for refrigerant compatibility and high efficiency performance. To address safety requirements for the new A2L refrigerate, we will have additional safeguards on all our products that use this refrigerant. These safeguards may include sensors, controls and algorithms which will mitigate any leaks if and when they occur. Safety of all our products remains our highest priority, and our redesign will meet or exceed applicable safety standards. As you know, Lennox has a structural advantage of primarily selling direct to dealers. This enables our team to deliver advanced training to deliverers and equip them with accurate information to share with the end consumers. This helps us and our dealers to win during the regulatory transition, while addressing all the safety requirements for manufacturing, distribution and installation. Throughout this transition, we do not expect a significant inventory prebuild as the transition to R-454B would likely happen faster compared to similar refrigerant transitions in the past. We intend to deliver a safe, seamless transition, supported by appropriate inventory levels. By maintaining strong relationships and timely communications with our suppliers, we will avoid supply chain disruptions. While we are still reviewing this transition's financial impact, we expect it to be neutral or accretive to our margins. We are confident that the increase in the product cost will be offset by price. Overall, we anticipate that once again, we will outperform the industry and garner additional loyalty from our dealers and customers during this refrigerant transition. Now let me hand the call over to Joe, who will take us through the details of our Q2 financial performance.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 6. As Alok mentioned earlier, the company posted a strong revenue and earnings growth. Core revenue, which excludes our European operations was a record $1.34 billion, up 3% compared to prior year's price and mix benefits, more than offset Residential sales volume declines. Total adjusted segment profit increased $50 million or 22% versus prior year. Price and mix increased profit by $106 million and were partially offset with $43 million from lower volume and $13 million from inflationary effects and investments in distribution and SG&A. Total adjusted segment margin was 20.9%, up 320 basis points versus prior year. For the quarter, corporate expenses were $25 million, a decline of $2 million, as we continue to tightly control corporate spending. The second quarter not only achieved record levels of revenue and segment profit, but also marked record earnings per share, with GAAP earnings per share rising 23% to $6.10, and adjusted earnings per share growing by 22% to $6.15. Our record -- our second quarter tax rate was 17.6%, and diluted shares outstanding were 35.6 million compared to 35.7 million in the prior year quarter. Now turn to Slide 7. As we saw in the first quarter, industry-wide distributor destocking continued in the second quarter and the summer season began with cooler temperatures, resulting in a 12% volume decline. The volume decline was partially offset with 2% favorable price and 6% favorable mix. Our direct-to-dealer sales, which are around 75% of our segment revenues, experienced a revenue increase in the low single digits. The remaining 25% of our revenue, which goes through distributors was down approximately 20%. Residential segment profit fell 6% to $203 million, and segment margin dipped 50 basis points to 21.6%, driven primarily by lower volume, inflation effects and selling and distribution investments. The headwinds were partially offset with price increases and favorable mix, partially driven by the new minimum efficiency standards. Turning to Slide 8, and our Commercial business that delivered another quarter of exceptional results. Revenue was $408 million in the quarter, up 24%. Combined price and mix were up 22% and volume was up 4%. Commercial segment profit was $103 million, up 150% and segment margin more than doubled to 25.3%. Price and mix had an outsized impact in the quarter, delivering $66 million and the total $62 million -- of the total $62 million of the profit increase. Last year, we provided guidance on a multiyear profit opportunity of $100 million, and I'm delighted to share that our trailing 12-month segment profit has already surged by $120 million compared to the same period last year. Our rooftop production output continues to increase, and we are maintaining a robust commercial backlog, while steadily improving delivery lead times, which now align with the industry. Moving to cash flow performance and our debt to EBITDA starting on Slide 9. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $196 million compared to $97 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $49 million for the quarter, an increase of $28 million compared to the prior year. Our capital deployment priorities remain consistent, supporting organic growth investments like our new commercial factory in Mexico, driving industry-leading innovation and exploring potential bolt-on acquisitions. In the quarter, the company paid $38 million in dividends. Total debt was approximately $1.6 billion at the end of the quarter, and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.9x. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $58.6 million at the end of the quarter. Turning to Slide 10. Let's review our 2023 full year guidance. As a result of our strong first half performance, we are increasing our full year outlook. We expect core revenue to be up between 2% and 4% for the year and earnings per share of $15.50 per share to $16 per share. We are increasing our free cash flow target to a range of $300 million to $350 million. Our guidance for capital expenditures remains consistent with our prior guide at $250 million. As a reminder, that includes investment in a second commercial factory and investments related to the refrigerant transition to take effect in 2025. Price benefit is now expected to be $250 million, and we now expect net material cost to be a $25 million headwind in 2023. The material cost headwind is driven by component cost inflation of $90 million, net of $30 million in savings from cost reduction initiatives, along with the $35 million commodity cost benefit. Our new target for corporate expenses is $95 million attributable to higher incentive compensation expenses. We will continue to manage SG&A expenses tightly, while simultaneously making essential investments in the business to support growth initiatives, advance our innovative products and solutions and enhance productivity. And finally, we still expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 35 million and 36 million shares. With that, let's turn to Slide 11, and I'll turn it back over to Alok.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Joe. In addition to solid short-term results, we are also making significant progress towards transforming the company for longer-term shareholder value expansion. Last quarter, we shared the key initiatives that pave a clear path towards our 2026 financial targets. Today, we would like to share 3 transformation phases that would clarify the execution time frame of those initiatives. Collectively, these initiatives will deliver on the 2026 targets and set up Lennox for even longer-term value creation. We are currently in the self-help phase of the plan, which delivers execution consistency to our customers and shareholders. We have already demonstrated success in our commercial recovery and portfolio simplification initiatives. Our pricing excellence initiative will drive favorable margins through improved price setting, getting and netting. We are strengthening our core foundation by enhancing talent and reinforcing culture with an emphasis on accountability. This stronger foundation will serve as a springboard for accelerated growth in 2025 and beyond. Looking into 2025, Lennox is prepared for growth acceleration in several areas. Our up-to-dated go-to-market sales strategy will increase our growth capacity and grow our core dealer base with a renewed focus on premium margin products. As we highlighted earlier, we anticipate accelerated share gain during the upcoming refrigerant change. Our technology advantage in cold climate heat pump will enable additional share gain during ongoing industry electrification. While we remain committed to delivering our 2026 financial targets, we also recognize the opportunities to continue expanding shareholder value even beyond 2026. We will build upon our structural competitive advantage with an expanded distribution network to increase our North American coverage.  We will also capitalize on this expanded distribution network to expand our share of wallet through higher commercial service penetration, higher attachment rates for parts, supplies and adjacent products used by HVAC dealers. In summary, we are committed to our 2026 fiscal targets and also have a clear line of sight to strategic imperatives that will continue creating differentiated shareholder value. Now please turn to Slide 12, where I will like to recap why I believe that Lennox's structural competitive advantage is poised to deliver long-term differentiated shareholder value. Let me highlight the 5 pillars of our structural advantage. First, our direct-to-dealer model uniquely positions us to deliver accelerated growth. To capture this, we will enhance our sales go-to-market effectiveness, consistently elevate the customer experience and make necessary investments in growth capacity to meet market demand. Second, because we own our own primary distribution channel, we can deliver sustainable and resilient higher margins by leveraging scale and technology to reduce cost and increase the efficiency of our distribution network. Third, our balanced scorecard-based operating system, dual sourced supply chain and lean digital processes, deliver execution consistency throughout our operations. The fourth pillar is our advanced technology portfolio that is perfectly suited to serve the North American heating and cooling industry with environmentally sustainable innovative solutions. Finally, we have high-performance talent and culture that is nurtured by our core values and recently launched guiding behaviors. We are continuously engaged in talent development and succession planning, while diligently ensuring that our compensation structure is closely aligned to shareholder value creation. I would like to close by reaffirming my gratitude to our employees and our customers. We are proud of our accomplishments in the first half of this year and continue to believe that our best days are ahead of us. Thank you. Joe, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions now. Ashley, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc.
Jeffrey Hammond: Just on commercial, I mean that the margins were just exceptional. So I just wanted to understand margin sustainability, any aberrations in the quarter? And then maybe just speak to the backlog and how much your lead times are improving versus peak and just the level of reduction that kind of contributed to the quarter?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. From a sustainability perspective, first, the backlog remains resilient. It's down a little bit, mostly because the lead times are improving. Margins within the backlog remains strong, reflective of the margins we saw in Q2. So pricing mix is solid in that business. And again, we continue to see output coming out of the factory, which is a good sign for volume growth to continue.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. I think the one thing you'll see, Jeff, for the quarter, price and mix propped up the quarter. In back half of the year, you should see volume even more from the commercial segment. So we're excited about the future there. Once again, I think we've achieved getting this business back to the trajectory that it was once on and are excited about our ability to now demonstrate our trajectory of getting into our target margins by 2026.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Great. And then just in resi, anything more than really weather that's informing kind of the lower trajectory there? And just maybe speak to how your destocking is going for your company-owned stores.
Alok Maskara: Sure. This is Alok. Yes, listen, on resi, I don't want to talk just about weather, but we all know Q2 was softer. I think the distributor destocking was also more pronounced than we had expected. And at the end, we took our volume guide down and talking about high single digits. That's also to just reflect our learning in 6 months of the year. But as you see -- notice, we kept our revenue the same. From my perspective, our own inventory destocking is going fine. I think it will take us another 6 to 9 months to bring it down to more normal levels. And that's because internally, we are just more cautious and don't want to lay off a lot of people just to turn around and try and hire them, which we know was a struggle in the past. From what we hear from the distributors, they -- most of them expect destocking to be over by Q3. If there's a little bit that bleeds into Q4, that's likely to be seasonal products like furnaces and things that don't sell well in Q3. So that view hasn't changed for us. So overall, in resi, it's slightly worse than we had talked about last time. But within the overall guide range, we think it's similar outlook to what we previously disclosed.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tommy Moll with Stephens Inc.
Thomas Moll: I wanted to follow up with one more on the resi volume trends and outlook. Are you able to share the volume trends in the quarter for direct-to-dealer versus Allied? And then you've talked on several occasions about the distributor destocking, which I would think is more an Allied-driven comment, but is there anything on a sell-through basis other than, like you said, about the cooler weather in the second quarter that's changed in terms of your outlook?
Alok Maskara: Yes. So clearly, Allied and ADP, which makes up our indirect channel, they had significant decline. Our core Lennox business was kind of flattish, maybe slightly down in terms of units. So I mean that gives us a lot of confidence that the industry is holding quite well. And all the current softness is mostly driven by just the distributor destocking. Now you've got to ignore things like weather because June was a little colder, July is going to be a little bit harder, but that just gets washes out for the full year, Tommy. But net-net, I think overall industry is holding up well, and the current impact is almost all driven by channel destocking.
Thomas Moll: That's helpful. I also wanted to follow up on a theme you highlighted earlier, Alok, just on the accountability and growth culture that you really want to drive. Can you just bring us in a little bit more on what that means and what some of the initiatives are?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So I mean, Lennox has a great culture, as always had a great culture. For the past 5 years, we just trained for Lennox. Starting with the Marshalltown tornado, which as you saw, we finally finished the rebuilding and we never want to use the T word again in any of our conversations. Two, to COVID and many other pieces where supply chain, we got disproportionately negative impacted versus the industry because the supply chain was more reliant on China. I think in the past 5 years, we just got beaten down and started using all of those as excuses. And I think going forward, we have launched -- relaunched our core values. We have 9 guiding behaviors. You may have seen some of those posters when you were here. Each and every employee is going through a training that's going to be over the next 12 months, complete. And we really want to emphasize things such as customer experience, accountability, innovation, sustainability. And of course, that depends on where you are in the organization. But we are very pleased with the results. Employees are genuinely excited about the path forward, and everybody is ready to put the past 5 years behind us and truly embrace the next 5, 10 years.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Gautam Khanna with TD Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: Great numbers, guys. I wanted to ask about that refrigerant change next year. And when do you expect the mix to transition to that new refrigerants? And then what is the pricing implications of that change? When do you start to see the product transition into the channel? And is it -- do we get another lift like we did this year with this year transition in terms of average selling price and the like?
Michael Quenzer: Gautam, this is Michael. Yes. So the transition really won't happen until pretty much January, but you will start to see in January 2025, some of that price/mix dynamic where we'll lift up the price to more than offset the cost. But really, that will be more of a 2025 impact than 2024. We'll be preparing for that through inventory preparations and transitioning and preparing the dealer network, but really no financial impact in 2025 -- or 2024.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the Commercial side. Where are you with respect to the emergency replacement market? Have you kind of reentered it? Do you have the capacity to do that yet? And when do you expect to?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, Gautam, the way I would characterize that right now, we're still focused on the planned replacement and national account segment of the business. We're early innings in reengaging in emergency replacement as our factory continues to increase output. By the end of the year, we'll be more fully engaged in that, but it's early innings right now, and that remains a significant upside opportunity for us going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank.
Nicole DeBlase: So just maybe on the revised full year guidance. So I think you're kind of implying that sub-50% of earnings going to come in the second half now. And typically, that's more like 55% in the second half. So just trying to understand like the dynamics between potential conservatism in the guidance or something that we should be factoring in from one half, as you have?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. I think once again, Nicole, we've been accused of being conservative in the past. And I think even though we've had a strong first half, there still remains some uncertainty around the economy and certain Residential end markets, whether it's certainly cooperating now, it tempered second quarter results a little bit, and you saw that in our commentary about our Residential segment. But going forward, once again, I think we probably have upside in the number. But once again, we're going to be cautiously optimistic as we move forward.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. That's clear. And then with respect to the Resi margins. So I guess, normally, margins are kind of flattish sequentially between 2Q and 3Q from a seasonal perspective. Do you guys see opportunity to improve Resi margins as we move into the third quarter because of some of those specific headwinds that you called out on the call related to 2Q?
Alok Maskara: Nicole, this is Alok. On the Resi margins, I was disappointed on where the margins turned out to be. So while we understand the seasonal trend, and I don't want to bake up a lot of upside in the model. From my perspective, Resi margins have a lot more room for the upside. If you think about just the things we talked about, we need to get more manufactured margin and distributor margin to have margin performance that's much, much higher than where we are today. So I think there's a lot of room. Our pricing excellence initiative which only starts in Q3, from delivering results perspective, is going to have a benefit. Right now, the factories are building less than we are selling. So there's a clear negative absorption impact, which is going to last through the year. So we think margins are going up in the second half, and then I think same will continue in 2024 as well.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair.
Ryan Merkel: I wanted to follow up on the Commercial margin. Joe, you said it was price/mix. I think that boosted the quarter. It seems like the second half, the guidance is more like EBIT margins in the 15, 16 range. So can you just help us bridge kind of 2Q to the second half and what's changing?
Joseph Reitmeier: So obviously, we don't give really second half guidance, but implied in that, there is still some conservativeness. But what you really saw in the first half was a lot of carryover price benefit that we started to get in the second half last year. So you will see some more price benefit in commercial in the first half than the second half. But with that said, our backlog still has solid margins and they should reflect that way through the balance of the year.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. Makes sense. And then I had a question on Resi, just the second half sales. It seems to imply maybe down 1. And it seems like what are the big drivers? Is it destock decelerating and a bit more price? Is there anything else?
Alok Maskara: I think those are the two right ones, Ryan, is destocking that caused most of the decline. And obviously, July weather has been a tailwind for us as we move forward. So I think those will be the 2 things I would call out.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: So I guess one thing I want to follow up on is, we talked about Commercial margins a little bit. Obviously, a big turn versus where we were a year ago. Alok, how much of what you're seeing today or what you're seeing this year is sort of a pull forward of maybe kind of the 3-year discussion that you originally laid out last year? Or you just had a plan by 12, 18 months? Is it more the price cost stuff, which maybe normalizes? Maybe walk us through that journey and how we should think about winning your progression from here?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Last year, about this time, they were at, I think, at Ryan's conference in Chicago, and we talked about $100 million. As Joe said, we have got $220 million. What happened is the price cost turned out to be better than rest as we expected. And that's because the team did a really good job kind of getting the cost benefits, getting the right kind of negotiations and repricing some of the backlog. The upside continues from a lot of other factors, such as manufacturing. We are still below historical levels, which we talked about in terms of output. I think our factory still has a lot more room for productivity. I still feel there's a lot more opportunity for us, as Joe mentioned earlier, on getting into things like emergency replacement, which we are barely scratching the surface of. And remember, we have a second factory that we're spending money on right now with no output. So net-net, it's not necessarily kind of pull forward, I would say. It's kind of things that just went better than we had communicated. Now clearly, when we promised 3 years, for $100 million on an external basis, our internal plan called for half of that, and now we are 6 months ahead of it. We're glad to put that $100 million behind us. We would not be making a new commitment. But we talk about a long-term margin range of we've always said we want both segments to be in the 18% to 20% range on a sustainable basis. And that's what we're going to be focused on.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay. That's helpful. And then just transitioning to this refrigerant transitions you talked about kind of the new equipment coming out in '25. I know next year, there's a big step down in allocation for R-410A. Any sense for what you think that does to refrigerant prices or the replacement market, if folks are like, hey, this refrigerant is getting much more expensive?  Do I really want to replace something where availability is going to get tough? How do you think about that equipment transition being a couple of years away, but refrigerant gap up maybe being a little more near term, just open-ended question, anything on your mind.
Alok Maskara: Sure. A lot in there, and I'll tell you, we don't have a crystal ball looking into '24 yet. Each of the things that you mentioned is true, but we don't have final price on the R-410A for next year. There's always going to be an inventory draw down that we'll have to do to make sure we're not stuck with legacy R-410A beyond what we need. And from a consumer perspective, I think this is going to be a small change. We have gone through changes before. Consumers really don't think about refrigerants. It's more going to be educating our dealers and a few consumers who are probably more well versed in this than others. So still a lot of moving pieces. Net-net, I think there's a danger of overanalyzing this because the industry is used to these changes, we are very used to this change, our dealers are now getting used to this change. I think this is going to happen more seamlessly than we all expect with some pluses and minuses.  But as Michael said earlier, we think this helps our mix up towards in '25. But some of it might start happening in '24 if the R-410A pricing is higher, and we are like forced to increase our price in conjunction. So stay tuned, lots of moving pieces, but from a product design, dealer training and truly having confidence in the transition, I think we are way ahead.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So I guess, beating a dead horse here, but this R-454B transition. Investment spending, how does that sort of shake out through the next couple of years? I mean you talked about investment spend this year. How does that look into next year? Clearly, you don't know the mix impact that's going to be positive. But is -- from your understanding, is this an installation deadline? Or is it a production deadline? And do you think there's going to be any sort of channel impact as we transition to this new refrigerant.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. I think this will be a situation where maybe a little bit different than the larger transitions we've had in the past, going back to the 10 to 13 SEER transition, which was traumatic for the industry. I don't think that's going to be anywhere near this as Alok mentioned, probably a little bit more seamless. So we'll just play it out the way it is, once again, we're in great shape. We typically do very well during these transitions because we're on the leading edge of innovation. This requires a significant investment. $50 million this year, probably $50 million next year to prepare being able to factor and processes, et cetera, to make the appropriate investments. And we've made some of those investments already. And as Alok mentioned, are ahead of things. This usually creates opportunities for us. There's typically 1 or 2 competitors that stumble, and they lease some share on the Street. So once again, we're well positioned for this transition. We're excited about what lies in front of us. And we typically win when these things come to fruition. So we're excited about what this brings forward to us.
Alok Maskara: And Nigel, just to add to that, it's a manufacturing date transition. But as Joe said, we don't expect significant inventory burn because the 410 is more expensive next year, the delta between a 2024 price and a 2025 price might be just like a normal price difference year-over-year. And I just don't think that's going to make a meaningful difference toward dealers' economic calculations.
Nigel Coe: I was just wondering, are contractors as excited as you are about using this flammable refrigerants. It seems like there was definitely some contractors out there that might be pushing the 410A next year to customers just on that basis alone.
Alok Maskara: There might be, and we have 10,000 dealers plus more in U.S. and we can't control. But I think overall, I think the flammability concerns a little overblown. I mean if you take a candle and blow the refrigerant on it, the candle extinguishes versus catch on fire. So this is not as flammable as like some people might fear. We have done lots of internal testing and the safety mechanisms are solid. So I think from that perspective, I believe majority of the contractors will come along with us to say, hey, this is a safe product. This is a good product, and we'll follow the rules and make the transition seamless.
Nigel Coe: Okay. I appreciate that, Alok. And so a quick one, just to clarify the distribution network expansion. Is that primarily Lennox store expansions? Or are you looking at -- or do you think it's been more on the independent channels?
Alok Maskara: It's both. I think the way we look at it is we are underpenetrated in both. On our stores, our recent focus is more around increasing output through the current stores and putting more products through that, but we are still geographically underpenetrated in North America. And on independent distributors, of course, we have a very low share. So both of those, I think we have significant expansion opportunities. Once we get through our self-help, once we get through our growth acceleration and put the right amount of feet on the street and the process behind that. We're super excited about the expansion phase.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Tusa: So just on the commercial side, so the -- I know there's like differences in comps and things like that, but Carrier reported very, very strong volume. You guys, I think, were up like 3%. You mentioned you still have yet to reenter emergency replacement. But where do you think the differences between your growth rate and theirs and anything vertical specific to talk about?
Michael Quenzer: Steve, this is Michael. Yes. So we saw total volumes up 4%. But if you look at the rooftop production out of our Stuttgart factory. That was up significantly more. So we're pleased to see that side of it. We had some obviously offsets in different products, but definitely some growth more than the 4% coming out of our Stuttgart factory. A lot of that growth that we saw on the rooftops was on the national accounts, and it was really broad-based across retail and restaurants and distributions that really saw that broad-based growth. From an emergency replacement, although it's small, we did see a little bit of growth in the quarter, but still very small. So it's a good start to that journey as we move back into that space.
Alok Maskara: And I think I would start -- also say that, hey, congratulations to the Carrier team. I haven't digested the earnings, but great growth for them, and we are excited that the industry growth trend continues, and the industry overall is in good shape. I think that bodes well for us and for them. We still remain production-constrained where we are producing less than we confirmed. So excited about continued output increase in Stuttgart and our new factory in Mexico.
Charles Tusa: And then just on this, since you're kind of delving into the technology here, you talked about it not being that big of a change, I think, in December, you said you now have -- I mean, you just chose your refrigerant, I guess, is what you're saying. What's the source of confidence that your technology is so much better than the other guys?  And also, why do you think you're entitled to share gains? In the last couple of years, it's been very choppy, obviously, with what's happened. A little bit of a different approach on initiatives relative to what the former CEO did over a 10-year period, a little bit different of a market like what -- where do you think your product is so differentiated versus the other guys?
Alok Maskara: Sure. A couple of things, right? First of all, for the past 5 years, as I said, Lennox was in a very difficult spot because our supply chain was more constrained versus others because we are more reliant on China than others. The tornadoes severely crimped our manufacturing ability, especially for the premium products. And I think the transition on leadership and CEO that obviously, while it doesn't have a direct impact, had lots of indirect impacts. So -- but that's not important right now. What's more important is your question of why are we confident. I think our direct-to-dealer network is something that we have under leveraged, but have done a great job building up. So I think that's -- the investment that still needs to continue delivering results for a while. Technology-wise, I mean, even in the current SEER transition, there was a lot of noise about compatibility of indoor units versus the outdoor units. A lot of new homebuilders they put indoor units first and then they put outdoor units. During the year transition, they have to go rip out indoor units if the indoor units were the older SEER compatible and outdoor units were new SEER. Ours' didn't have to make that difference because our indoor units were compatible both with the new SEER and the old SEER.  So the connection to the dealer we have, that helps us make those kind of choices and decisions. At the end, I can't tell you that our compressor is better than our competitive compressor because you buy it from the same place usually. But what we can tell you is our product design, our actual package and the choices we made for our dealers, that's what helps us gain share. The results would be probably more convincing than any of my answers. So let's wait a year or 2 and then we'll answer this question with numbers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners.
Jeffrey Sprague: Look, you probably accused us of overanalyzing stuff, but that is what we do. So I appreciate Joe's comments on reiterating kind of the investment for the transition. It sounds like you clearly know what you need to do. So I think Mike kind of left Gautam's question somewhat unanswered in terms of what's your best guess on the increase in cost or selling price to customers in 2025 on the transition?
Alok Maskara: I think the -- well, fair enough, I'll try and give more detail of it. Part of it is we don't know exact numbers. I can give you ranges. So there's 2 things to think about. The price increase from current prices, like 2023 to 2025, and then price increase from potential 2024 price to 2025. The reason we are hesitant to answer that question is not that we are trying to be evasive, but we don't know the 2024 pricing, which could get significantly impacted by R-410 production curtailment that's going on. I don't think it's going to be 20%. I just give you some ranges. I don't think it's 0% either. It's likely to be between 0% and 10%, putting everything together. And that's just going to help us all preserve our margins and pass on the cost through. Going back to the over analyzing, it was actually one of the research report, which says the HVAC industry has become like analyzing storms in a teacup. So I'm not -- I actually enjoyed reading all of this, and I think I've learned a lot in my one year. And I think what we have learned is that Lennox is going to win because of our direct-to-dealer network, because we need to leverage that better, because we are really focused on one thing and only one thing, and because we are able to design our products. Just recently, we got the design awards, and we won more awards than others. So I think that's what I've learned more is that everything else matters, but we all do it about the same. What differentiates Lennox is what was in the last page of my presentation.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. That 0% to 10% is from '23 to '25 though, just to put that finer point on it? Or is it...
Alok Maskara: If you're not going to hold me to it, yes.
Jeffrey Sprague: Yes. And then just a separate question. I know Joe likes to kind of link and not and yet we're conservative. But I mean, realistically, guys, like you're going to be at your 2026 guide this year, right? You're going to be at the midpoint of it, roughly. So clearly, you're signaling you think there's upside to that. But also, are you in fact signaling that maybe there's heavier investment to drive growth and therefore, we shouldn't kind of extrapolate too aggressively on margins from here. Maybe just give us a little bit more context on how you're thinking about that.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I think the reason I talked about the third phase of the transformation, which is beyond '26, is yes, there is a high chance that we will get to the '26 targets sooner. I won't commit to this year or next year because, I mean, our actions remain the same. So I think that's one. On the conservatism side, listen, there are so many things that could go wrong. And historically, it has gone wrong for us in the past. So we just want to make sure that if we are wrong, we are going to be wrong on the conservative side versus being wrong on the aggressive side. On the investment questions, no, I think, I mean our current investment rate is kind of what we expect going forward. I mean CapEx will go down going forward for sure, as the second factory is the heavy lift this year. And a lot of those refrigerant change investment is happening this year and some will happen next year. So no. And some of this is also we are lapping ourselves on incentives, on much lower incentive payouts last year. Last year, our incentives were below target. This year, at least current math shows it will be above target. So that's where the corporate cost delta you see. But net-net, we are optimistic, and we hope to get to the 2026 targets sooner, but we know we'll get there to 2026, by sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer.
Noah Kaye: Maybe just to better understand the revised price/mix, EBIT outlook of $250 million benefit. You've already done $182 million, right, year-to-date. So maybe if you can help us understand the dynamics for the rest of the year. It seems like maybe a little bit less benefit in commercial because the carryover is easing, but I mean Resi is clipping along at kind of this $40 million per quarter run rate, you just implemented PI. So just help us understand that revised guide?
Michael Quenzer: Noah, it's Michael. Yes. One of the big drivers is, as you mentioned, the carryover benefit of Commercial. So that's the odd sized difference between first half and second half. But with that said, we do have a little bit of conservativeness, as Alok said some of that would be in the price/mix category. But really, what we're focused on is the pricing excellence in Residential is new price increase that was just announced that will start to happen in the second half. And again, margins look good in the Commercial backlog. So everything looks positive for the second half on price/mix still, but guide may be a little conservative.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Just to double click on that, I mean how do we think about the incremental benefit of that price increase in Resi side?
Michael Quenzer: Yes. So in the last quarter, we raised our price/mix guide from $150 million to $175 million, the $25 million reflected that additional residential price increase. We already had in the previous $175 million guide.
Noah Kaye: Okay.
Michael Quenzer: So that's progressing well.
Noah Kaye: And then on the Saltillo expansion, just can you give us an update on how the timetable there looks. And then just sort of remind us or dimension for us how much that increases Commercial's revenue capacity.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Yes, just before the -- 15 minutes before the call, I was with the Commercial team, congratulating them on an excellent quarter, and I saw latest video feed and pictures of the Saltillo factory construction. The ground is all prepared. We have roof going up in portions of the business. We are hiring talent, some are being redeployed from our residential factory in Saltillo. Clearly, we are well on the way of ordering equipment given some of the extended lead time. So all indications are green and solid that we will be starting production end of next year. Nameplate capacity wise, over years, it could more than double our capacity. But at the same time, we're not going to put all the equipment immediately, right? We're going to get enough land and roof space to put more, but we're going to put equipment on a judicial basis. And the last thing we want is the industry to have overcapacity on this as well. So we're going to watch out. And as Joe mentioned earlier, this would be focused around standard products shipped by the truckload, getting into the emergency replacement, where our revenue is below what it used to be and our share is just dismally low. And we have a huge opportunity to use our distribution network to increase that number. So we are very excited and all systems go there.
Operator: And we'll go next to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joseph Ritchie: So maybe just along the lines of Jeff's question earlier and just trying to think about these commercial margins. I know that it was only just a few months ago that you gave us that 19% to 21% long-term target. But first half of the year, you guys are already there and actually slightly above it. I'm just curious, like how do you kind of think about the trajectory of the margins then from here after that business, maybe even beyond 2023.
Alok Maskara: I think our next Investor Day is going to be 2024, and we love to update you on our long-term targets. There's a lot going well, but I keep in mind that a lot could go wrong as well. I think one quarter doesn't make a trend. I mean it's a great sign of our progress. I think the team has done an excellent job, but we need to leave some room for things could slide different ways. Net-net, listen, we are not doubting anything you're saying. I think we need to be cautious and not get ahead of ourselves in where we are in the journey.
Joseph Ritchie: Yes. No, that's fair. And look, it's a good position to be in -- to be able to already -- be ready to update those targets. So congrats on the progress there. I guess maybe my quick follow-on question. The piece of your business, the quarter of your business that goes through independent distribution. I think you guys said it was down 20%. How much were volumes down versus the pricing that came through in that business?
Alok Maskara: Well, volume on that one is a little messy because remember, we sell a lot of coils in that business. So I think that kind of often skews the volume number for us in a negative way. But in general, I would say they were more -- they were slightly better than what you would look at on the AHRI data. I mean you guys all look at the AHRI data. So I think we did better than what you saw in the AHRI data, but slightly better.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo.
Joseph O'Dea: I wanted to just start on the Commercial manufacturing, you've sort of noted that there are still further manufacturing improvements to make in the back half of the year. Any details around that, that you could outline for us any major sort of goalposts there? And what's the time line for when you expect factory output to hit targeted levels?
Alok Maskara: Sure. You did a very good question on that. Listen, when we started the year, we hardly had any production in January because we were taking some drastic improvement actions. We rationalized 65% of our SKUs. We looked at different lines and reconfigure the line to make the products that give us the best way to serve our customers. So starting from almost 0 in January until the end of the first half, we have reached progressively higher numbers and are starting to hit daily rates that are kind of consistent with what the factory used to do in the past. I think of first half as kind of in a linear progression from 0 to getting to the rate and second half, I think that we've got to obviously maintain rate and continue driving the improvements going forward. The team is doing well there. I mean, our labor challenges are behind us. We are no longer struggling to track labor. I would say, supplier challenges are kind of 75%, 80% behind us.  We still feel like we are playing whac-a-mole sometime, but we have done a good job at getting dual source supplier or working with our suppliers to better communicate and build the appropriate buffer and transportation. So things are going well. It could go better the way I look at it.
Joseph O'Dea: Got it. That's helpful. And then just circling back to the 25.3% commercial margin, how does that compare to kind of internal expectations for the quarter? And then when we think about seasonality going forward, I mean, any sort of variances to be mindful of versus typical seasonality in the back half?
Alok Maskara: Yes, I could tell you my answer, but I'll hand it over to Michael to answer the rest. Yes, listen, my expectations are always higher than the team delivers. So put that aside, like I think Michael can give you a better answer on that.
Michael Quenzer: Obviously, the speed of the recovery is a little faster than expected and a lot of this on the price/mix benefits that we're pleased to see that side of it. But it was a little better than what we had expected, mostly just because of the price/mix speed of recovery that we saw.
Joseph Reitmeier: And then on the seasonality that you inquired about, there's always a natural choppiness in the commercial business because of a lot of its project nature. It doesn't really have the perfect seasonality that we sometimes see in our residential demand patterns. So I'll just leave that out there. Sometimes the second quarter can be a little bit more of a leading quarter for us than the third quarter, but it all depends on projects.
Joseph O'Dea: But nothing non-repeat really in the quarter to be mindful of in terms of sort of comp into the back half?
Joseph Reitmeier: No.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: For anyone overly sensitive, definitely, the tea cup comments were not meant to denigrate diligent work. In terms of, I suppose, sort of diving in on the...
Alok Maskara: Julian, I sort of enjoyed that comment, and I used that offense. I thought it was a great way to look at bigger picture, while continuing to analyze the storm in a tea cup.
Julian Mitchell: Yes, we'll see how the Resi cliff plays out, I suppose. But the -- in the very, very short term, are we sort of -- kind of it was in 2025. But are we trying to think about Resi HVAC volumes in your guide, you're assuming sort of down low double-digit third quarter and then down sort of low singles in the fourth quarter. Is that the way to think about it year-on-year?
Alok Maskara: On the indirect side, maybe, but no, not on the overall basis, our volumes are not down that much. And I know if you look at the current bridge and we showed 12% on the Resi side, Julian. And you got to keep in mind, that's probably the worst that you would see during the year. As we go toward Q3, we think the number just gets better from there on.
Julian Mitchell: Okay. So even with the destocking in Q3, it's still a narrower year-on-year decline then?
Alok Maskara: Exactly, exactly. So I think some destocking start happening in Q3, very little. And we do think destocking is decelerating, as we mentioned in the comment. So I would look at that number being much lower in Q3 and then Q4.
Julian Mitchell: That's perfect. And then I just wanted to put a finer point on the core sales guide of sort of up 3% total company for the year. Did you clarify the price/mix tailwind within that? I see the price/mix EBIT guided benefit, but just wondered if you clarified any revenue benefit from price/mix in that sales guide?
Alok Maskara: We did not. I think a lot of that is -- there are so many different types of mix in there. I mean we look at channel mix, we look at products like equipment versus parts versus coil. We look at, obviously, mix based on the SEER. We did say that about half of the mix benefit in residential was because of SEER and the other half was all the other factors in there. So still a lot of uncertainty out there, but we are pleased with where we are in July.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. And one last quick one. Commercial backlog, how do you see that moving from here? I understand that lead times should normalize. Does that put much pressure on the backlog or the end markets are sort of strong enough it should stay stable?
Michael Quenzer: Julian, this is Michael. Yes. So we saw our lead times improved 50%, and obviously, our backlog didn't decline that much. So order rates continue to remain strong. Everything we see on plan, replacement for national accounts still remains strong. So really no indication yet of a backlog decline except for just because of lead times are shortening.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox's Second Quarter Conference Call. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Chelsey Pulcheon from Lennox Investor Relations team. Chelsey, please go ahead.
Chelsey Pulcheon: Thank you, Britney. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Lennox’s first quarter earnings results. I am here today with CEO, Alok Maskara; CFO, Joe Reitmeier, and VP of Finance, Michael Quenzer. Alok will discuss highlights for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company’s quarterly financial performance and our view on 2023 fiscal guidance. After that, we will have a Q&A session with Alok, Joe and Michael. Turning to Slide 2, a reminder that during today’s call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements, which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties as outlined on this page. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our website for additional details. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period unless otherwise noted. Speakers may also refer to certain non-GAAP adjusted financial measures that management may consider to be relevant indicators of underlying business performance and trends. A reconciliation of all GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today’s earnings press release, SEC filings and in the appendix of this presentation. The earnings release, today’s presentation slides and the webcast archived link for today’s call are available on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. Now, let me turn the call over to our CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Chelsey. Good morning and welcome everyone. Allow me to start by sharing my appreciation for all of our employees whose hard work has enabled us to deliver exceptional performance this quarter, including record quarterly earnings per share. We take great pride in our team’s effort to gain share, expand margin, and seamlessly transition our product portfolio to meet the new minimum energy efficiency regulations. This successful quarter reflects our company’s product leadership, strong direct customer relationships and advanced digital platforms. These factors will continue to fuel our share gain and margin expansion for the foreseeable future. I want to also take this opportunity to thank our dealers and customers for their loyalty to Lennox as we improve our service levels while delivering the best HVACR products and solutions in North America. Now please turn to Slide 3, where I want to highlight four key messages. First, Lennox is proud to report another quarter with record financial results. First quarter 2023 core revenues grew 3%. Our margin expanded 210 basis points, resulting in our adjusted EPS, increasing 15% to $2.83. Our free cash usage this quarter was $114 million, which is typical given the seasonality of our business. Second, we are pleased with the pace of margin recovery in our commercial business segment. Our profits more than doubled compared to last year as manufacturing operations stabilized and the benefit of price and mix outpaced inflationary cost increases. Third, we continue to help our dealers and customers succeed during the transition to the new minimum efficiency regulations that went into effect on January 1, 2023. Our superior design and successful track record of executing during regulatory changes, in conjunction with improved service inventory levels has put us in a strong position to gain share. Fourth, given the strong quarterly results, we remain comfortable with our previously issued full year financial guidance. We continue to closely monitor end market sentiments, track movements in commodity pricing, and execute countermeasures, including additional price increases. We are also optimizing our inventory levels, given improved lead times and current sales outlook. Now please turn to Slide 4 for our view on the current end market conditions. In the residential end market, we are experiencing destocking in our 2-step distribution channel just as we had expected. We anticipate the destocking to continue through the beginning of second half of this year. Volume in our direct-to-dealer channel was flat in Q1. However, we are expecting softness later in the year, driven by fewer new housing starts in 2022. We are closely monitoring consumer confidence for any changes that may impact the replacement versus repair decisions, but we are also encouraged by the recent improvement in the new housing starts. There is no change in our full year outlook for a mid-single-digit decline in residential unit volumes. In commercial, our backlog is strong, and our lead times have improved as the factory situation has stabilized. The industry lead time for commercial equipment remains extended due to the shortage of common components. We still believe that commercial sales will grow by high single digits this year. On the price versus inflation balance, we are price cost positive, but we are monitoring recent inflation in commodities such as steel and copper to offset the higher material cost we have implemented a targeted residential price increase that will become effective on June 18 this year. Overall, we are well positioned to gain share with our success in seamlessly transitioning to the new minimum efficiency standards and given our improved service inventory levels. In addition, we are strengthening our go-to-market organization by adding more field resources and offsetting those investments by driving back-office SG&A productivity. Now please turn to Slide 5. To accelerate our profitable growth and to expand margins, we are investing in pricing excellence at Lennox. Over the past few years, we have managed to offset inflation with price, but there remains a significant opportunity for us to refine our pricing strategy to drive greater benefits from both price and mix. We are strengthening our pricing infrastructure by increasing price analytics, engaging outside experts and further developing our internal talent. Recently, we have revised our company-wide contract signing authority to ensure appropriate scrutiny over key account pricing, and have redirected new business development on higher-margin channels and applications. We also plan to expand our rebate auditing process and take all the necessary steps to increase price netting. Another priority of ours is to work with our larger key accounts to optimize our cost to serve so that we can establish win-win partnerships. In summary, we know that pricing excellence is an important step towards Lennox regaining our competitive margin advantage. And thus, we are increasing our focus to meet or exceed our long-term margin goals. Later in the presentation, I will provide an update on our long-term goals. But for now, I’m going to hand the call over to Joe Reitmeier, who will go through our first quarter financial performance.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 6. Looking at the quarter for Lennox overall, the company posted strong revenue and profit growth, core revenue, which excludes our European operations was a record $990 million, up 3% compared to prior year. Both our Residential and Commercial segments experienced sales volume declines, but price execution and favorable product mix more than offset the volume headwinds. Total adjusted segment profit increased $24 million or 20% versus prior year. Price and mix exceeded product cost inflation by $63 million with partial offsets of $17 million from lower volume and $22 million for inflationary effects and investments in distribution and SG&A expenses. Total adjusted margin was 14.4%, up 210 basis points, with most of the margin expansion driven by performance in our Commercial segment. In the first quarter, corporate expenses increased $6 million to $19 million due to the timing of incentive compensation expenses. Moving on to net income and cash flow performance, starting on Slide 7. The first quarter not only achieved record levels of revenue and segment profit but also marked record earnings per share with GAAP earnings per share rising 20% to $2.75, and adjusted EPS growing by 15% to $2.83. Our first quarter adjusted net income included a 21.4% tax rate, and diluted shares outstanding were $35.6 million compared to $36.4 million in the prior year quarter. The company used $79 million of cash in operations compared to a use of $98 million in the prior year. Working capital optimization is a priority, and we remain on track to achieve our 2023 cash flow target. Capital expenditures were approximately $35 million for the quarter, an increase of $10 million compared to prior year. Capital investments will be higher this year as we fund growth and increased capacity including a new factory for our commercial business. We used $114 million of free cash flow compared to a use of $123 million in the prior year quarter. In the quarter, the company paid approximately $38 million in dividends. Total debt was $1.67 billion at the end of the quarter, and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.1. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $48 million at the end of the quarter. Moving to the business segments, starting on Slide 8, where our Residential segment delivered record fourth quarter revenue. Residential revenue was flat to prior year as sales volume declines of 8%, were offset with 4% favorable price, 5% favorable mix and 1% unfavorable foreign exchange. Total sales, which go direct to dealer represent about 70% of our segment revenue and were up mid-single digits. The remaining 30% of our revenue goes through distributors where total revenues were down low teens, the result of expected industry destocking. Residential segment profit rose 3% to $111 million, a first quarter record. Segment margin expanded 50 basis points to 16.3% as continued pricing gains more than offset product cost inflation of our new minimum efficiency standard products drove favorable mix. Partially offsetting these gains were $12 million of lower volumes and $16 million from inflationary headwinds on distribution and selling and administrative expenses, where we’ve made investments to fuel growth. Turning to Slide 9 in our commercial business, as announced in our last earnings call, beginning in the first quarter of 2023, the Commercial segment results will include our North American refrigeration operations. Our European operations will be reported in our Corporate and Other segment until we complete the divestiture of the European businesses. Revenue was $309 million in the quarter, up 10%. Combined price and mix were up 16% and volume was down 6%. Commercial segment profit was up 110% and segment margin expanded 770 basis points to 16.2%. We are pleased with the profit recovery in our commercial segment where price and favorable mix were the main contributors to profit growth early in the year. In the first quarter, we successfully transitioned our HVAC products to the new minimum efficiency standard, but industry-wide supply chain challenges constrained production output and continue to limit sales volumes. Demand from customers remains robust with a solid order backlog. While supply chain challenges persist, lead times to our commercial customers are shortening and are competitive with the industry. Turning to Slide 10, let’s review our 2023 full year guidance. Our outlook provided on our last conference call remains unchanged. As a reminder, I will reiterate a few guidance points. We expect core revenue to be flat to up 4% for the full year and earnings per share of between a range of $14.25 per share to $15.25 per share. Free cash flow is targeted within a range of $250 million to $350 million. We are planning capital expenditures of $250 million that includes investment in a second commercial factory and investments related to refrigerant transition to take effect in 2025. Price benefit, including price associated with the 2023 SEER transition is now expected to be $175 million. And we now expect net material cost to be a $45 million headwind in 2023. The material cost headwind is driven by component cost inflation of $100 million, net of $30 million in savings from cost reduction initiatives, along with $25 million from commodity cost benefits. Corporate expenses are still targeted at $80 million. We will manage SG&A tightly while continuing to manage necessary investments in the businesses to support growth initiatives and drive productivity. And finally, we still expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 35 million to 36 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $100 million to $200 million of stock this year. With that, let’s turn to Slide 11, and I’ll turn it back to Alok.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Joe. Please turn to Page 11 for an update on the key initiatives reviewed during last year’s Investor Day to deliver on our long-term targets. As a recap, our 2026 target is to deliver an ROS of 18% to 20% with revenues over $5 billion. We believe that are laser-like focus on North America HVACR market, our direct-to-dealer business model and our superior technology portfolio will ensure long-term success. We are executing 6 self-help strategic imperatives outlined on the right-hand side of this page to meet or exceed our 2026 goals. First, growth acceleration to drive share gain will be achieved by optimizing our go-to-market effectiveness by improving our brand customer experience and by increasing growth capacity. Second, we will increase resilient margins through commercial recovery, productivity and pricing excellence, which was highlighted earlier in the call today. Third, to maintain execution consistency, we have introduced a balanced score card operating system. We are transitioning to a dual-source supply chain, and we are implementing lean digital processes like sales and inventory planning. Fourth, we are reconfirming our commitment to 90% to 100% cash conversion and a healthy balance sheet while building a bolt-on M&A pipeline focused on North American HVACR. Fifth, we will enhance our technology leadership through the frequent regulatory transitions by winning in core climate heat pump and investing in digital AI/ML adoption across all our business functions. Fixed and finally, we are reinforcing our high-performance talent and culture by rolling out guiding behaviors to support our core values. In addition, we are undertaking succession planning and ensuring that our compensation scheme remains aligned with value creation. Once again, I would like to thank our employees who are working hard to successfully implement this self-help transformation plan. To close our prepared remarks, I would like to summarize on Page 12, the reasons why I believe LII is an attractive investment opportunity. Lennox is a narrowly focused North American leader in the attractive industry of energy-efficient, environmentally friendly HVACR solutions. We operate in high-growth end markets with strong replacement demand that provides us with resiliency even during periods of economic uncertainty. The company has a unique direct-to-dealer network, which creates a sustainable competitive advantage. And we have a history of robust execution with disciplined capital allocation. As I complete my first year at Lennox, I’m even more excited about Lennox’s future and continue to believe that our best days are ahead of us. Thank you. Joe, Michael and I will be happy to take your questions now. Britney, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we’ll take our first question from Joe O’Dea with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Joe O’Dea: Hi, good morning everyone.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Joe.
Joe O’Dea: Just to start on the commercial margins, certainly some encouraging progress there. Anything that you can talk about that, that you would consider sort of non-repeat in the quarter versus just some of the progress that you were expecting maybe coming through a little bit faster, kind of weave that into how you’re thinking about sort of the go forward from here is supply chain continuing to improve and those margins continuing to improve sequentially?
Alok Maskara: Yes. So Joe, on the commercial, we are pleased with the progress. We had talked about earlier that we think there’s a reset coming in the first quarter of this year. Given that many of our key accounts had to be repriced with the sea change and the new product addition. And you saw that loudly reflected in our P&L. So that’s consistent with what we expected. We had also talked about almost a little over under a year ago, $100 million in EBIT improvement. And over the past few quarters, we have already delivered $60 of that $100 million. So yes, we are a little ahead of where we expected, and that’s a good thing. We remain on that journey. I think we are going to get to that $100 million faster than what we had originally talked about, just given we are more than halfway through with that. And with supply chains improving, demand remaining strong, we still expect high single-digit growth this year, and we still expect margins to hold. And no, there was nothing unusual in Q1, we would expect the performance trajectory to continue going forward.
Joe O’Dea: Great. Thank you. And then on the resi side, can you talk a little bit about your sort of expectations for the year on the sort of direct-to-dealer versus to distributor kind of outlined. And you gave some color on the first quarter, but curious sort of how you think about that, if you’re able to talk at all about sort of your framework for the second quarter, thinking about that? And then just generally, for the full year, how we should think about those varying trends?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So I think let me start with the end consumer, right, because that’s how we look at it. I mean the end consumer demand seems to be holding pretty well. From our perspective – as you know, this was not a great season from a heating perspective. It was unseasonably warm in quite a few parts of the country. Despite that, we talk about that in our direct-to-dealer business, we had flat drive units coming through. And on our two-step motor, we had declines, and that was largely destocking driven. So from our perspective, the end consumer demand remains healthy. There’s obviously a slowdown in growth but we don’t see any declines coming up because the replacement business is holding pretty steady. For the rest of the year, Joe, I will expect a decline in direct mostly because of residential new construction. That slowed last year, and that’s going to impact our demand now. On two-step, I think the declines get better. So I think in Q2, we will see less destocking that we saw in Q1 and Q3, we will probably see a little to no destocking as that gets behind us. We’re only in April, May, June are bigger months for us than in April. But overall, we remain confident in the full year outlook of mid-single-digit unit decline with 0% to 4% revenue growth for us as we look at all these factors combined together.
Joe O’Dea: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe just going back to the commercial margins, obviously really strong this quarter. And with respect to Joe’s question, I mean, I think you usually see a step-up in margins seasonally in commercial from 1Q to 2Q and then a smaller step-up in the third quarter. Would you say that it’s possible that we could see a seasonal increase? It’s just kind of hard to gauge since 1Q was so strong? Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Yes. I mean, commercial, listen, overall, for the long-term, we expect that business to be a 20% ROS business. And Q1 was good, but we were only at a 16%. So I think there’s still room for improvement for us. I don’t want to accurately try and predict Q3, Q4 or Q2. I mean we don’t have that level of precision. But I would see no reason why our typical seasonality trend won’t hold this quarter. Because remember, this quarter, we also had some inefficiencies related to the CEO transition as we completed those. So stay tuned. I mean, I think we’re starting at a good spot and – do you expect to end in a few years at closer to 20%.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks. That’s really, really clear. And then second question, just on price/cost. Obviously, a benefit to margins in the quarter. How does that phase through the year, especially given the new price actions that you talked about today? Thanks.
Alok Maskara: Yes. So the new price actions that we talked about are on the residential side. On commercial, we had a reset going into this year. So I think the price cost benefit that you saw – we will see the levels to remain the same, but obviously, we start going through more difficult comps because we had done significant price increases. So the year-over-year comps get difficult, but I think the levels on a as this basis remains where we have to do more pricing effort is on the residential side, and that’s where we are putting a lot of our emphasis and focus, and that’s where the new price increase that we talked about goes into effect in June 18.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks so much, Alok.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tommy Moll with Stephens, Inc. Your line is now open.
Tommy Moll: Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: We appreciated the insight you provided on the pricing excellence strategy, and I wanted to drill down on a couple of the items in there, specifically around the optimizing local versus central decision-making – can you bring us in on what that involves? And to what extent was that related to the midyear price increase that you just announced on resi to us today? Or was there some other factor driving that decision? Thanks.
Alok Maskara: I think as we went through the tornado many years ago as we went through COVID and significant inflation, we went into more of a command and control more because we had to. Those were crisis that we’re managing. Historically, we have really good territory managers. We have really good branch leaders. We have really good folks. We have good field intelligence. And we need to act accordingly, just like a distributor does because although we had a manufacturer, our 250 outlets act more as a distributor. So as we are looking at [indiscernible], we want to give more input, more say to local pricing decisions versus looking at things doing more centrally. And so obviously, you want to set our strategy centrally, but our local field force have a lot more market intelligence and look at every region behaving a little differently. So that was the comment was we’re going to optimize it, and that’s a pretty typical thing for us to do because pricing in South Florida may be very different than pricing in North Dakota. And we need to make sure that we appropriately account for those differences.
Tommy Moll: Thanks, Alok, I appreciate the context there. As a follow-up, I wanted to look at the residential profit contribution versus the commercial side, which was quite robust this quarter. But if we think about the full year trajectory there, your guidance does imply some growth in profitability year-over-year. Given the residential volume headwinds that you’ve articulated, should we assume that all or substantially all of the profit growth this year should come on the commercial side? Or is that not the right way to think about it?
Alok Maskara: No, I think it will be a balance between residential and commercial. Listen, Commercial had a good start. I think residential has lots of room for improvement with the price, with the mixing with the inventory level coming down. So I’m optimistic on residential, and we are driving that hard. Commercial did have easy comps to compared to where we started in Q1 last year, Tommy look at that. I think the overall profit increase for this year would be balanced between those two as residential. The benefit of sea change also is going to happen a little slower than commercial because commercial, we didn’t have as much finished good inventory sitting around. And in residential, we sold quite a bit of a lower SEER products in Q1 as we are finishing that inventory. So I think putting it all together, we are equally optimistic about residential improving for the rest of the year.
Tommy Moll: Appreciated, Alok. I will turn it back.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: I just want to come back on price. I guess, first, what’s informing another price increase kind of on this June 18. And then just as you talk to the contractors and get feedback, any start – you’re starting to see – are you starting to see any pushback from contractors or fatigue from the consumer on kind of these multiple increases?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I mean listen, costs keep going up. I mean you saw steel has been up significantly. Copper started to go back up. And what we also did is just like you would expect good companies, too, we did a pricing benchmark on where we stand. So I think the price increase in June is a targeted price increase. We targeted areas where we think we have greater opportunities. And that’s because for the past couple of years, we were sort of doing brute-force price increases versus what I would call sophisticated price increases. So a lot of that is working with our own analytics and our teams to go through that. And fully offset the inflation and make sure we remain competitive in the market and capture the adequate balance. So, it’s a lot of details and analytics behind it, Jeff, but we remain confident the right thing to do and support the industry pricing level. On the second part of your question, I mean remember the equipment price is only a small portion, less than half of what the consumer pays or sees in there. And we have seen no pullback because the repair versus replacement dynamics, in fact, still favors replacement, given that repairs are more expensive, our 22 units are very hard to repair or the cost of 20 is going up and cost of spare parts and labor has gone up more than the cost of equipment. So we haven’t seen any changes, and I think they are consistent with the industry. Well, obviously, we remain closely aligned with 10,000 dealers, and we keep getting their feedback, and we will adjust if anything changes.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Great. And then just as we look at it, it seems like you still have a lot of confidence in the resiliency, res, seems like commercial is running ahead. What kind of precluded you from kind of moving the guide at this point?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, Jeff, I think, once again, first and fourth quarters were seasonally or lites, – we’ve got a lot of the year still in front of us and just didn’t really want to – once again, we approach it with conservative. Cautious optimism, I think, is the right way to characterize it. We remain confident and are gauging the underlying markets, but just wanted to get into the peak season before we made a call on the full year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks, guys.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe I’ll leave commercial margins in pace for the time being. Maybe just on the commercial kind of top line, I fully understand the excitement around the good margin performance. But on the top line, maybe remind us of some of those main sort of end market exposures for the commercial piece in terms of kind of end market verticals obviously, a lot of concern from people out there on things like office and retail and so forth in recent months. So have you seen any kind of shift in customer behaviors? Any color you could provide on sort of bookings or orders at all on the commercial side? And again, any sort of flavor you could give on how the end market breakout for the business?
Michael Quenzer: Hey, Julien, this is Michael. Yes, on the commercial side, the backlog still is healthy. We’re seeing good demand across most of our verticals. New construction is kind of 15%, 20% of that business. We’re not seeing any credit issues yet, but the backlog is definitely still healthy going – reaching into Q3. So we’re really not seeing a pullback on the demand yet. Backlogs are extended a little bit because of some of the lead times in the factory. But from a demand perspective, it still looks healthy.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And Michael, any color you could give on sort of vertical splits, I don’t know, education versus more commercial applications, anything like that?
Alok Maskara: Yes. We’re seeing some good demand on the education. So that’s predominantly a summer season, though when the schools are out of season, and we can get in and do the replacement work. So schools are more of a Q2 kind of Q3 dynamic more than Q1. Right now, it’s still just executing our backlog that we’ve had for quite a while, and we’re seeing good demand across most of the channels.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. And a few more things, Juliane. Where we’ve put a concerted effort was preserving our national account customers. Once again, that strategy, I think, is paying off for us. as once again, the order rates and backlog remain strong there. And then as we continue to reengage in the emergency replacement segment of the market, that should provide us additional upside more in the second half than first half. But regardless of how the underlying vertical is performing, we still think, given where our business is positioned today, we still have tremendous runway, particularly in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just my quick follow-up on going back to sort of residential volumes, so I understand that maybe Q1 is a bit noisy with the CEO transition just sort of happening and so forth. And you had that and maybe some weather constraints. So you’ve got the down volumes in resi in the quarter just behind you. As we think about how that plays out through the year and what you’ve seen in April, albeit it’s a very small month for the quarter, but do we assume sort of second quarter is down about the same amount, sort of volumes down high single digit in the second quarter. And then by the fourth quarter, you’re probably growing volumes again. Is that the way to think about the year for resi volume?
Alok Maskara: I mean, it’s hard to say in April, I mean April doesn’t really give a trend. I mean if you think about the key drivers of the volume decline in Q1, almost all of it was destocking right? So I mean, if I take that destocking part, and I would say Q2 we’ll see some de some more destocking. I don’t know if it be as extensive as Q1, probably not because Q1 was the most pullback as people completed so transitions and knew that they were comfortable stock, and that’s what we expected. I think Q2, there’ll be a little less destocking. Q3 will be minimal to zero and then Q4, we should be done with destocking. So I think that’s the way to think about it. And the user demand seems to be holding just fine. I mean, there’s no growth that we saw rapid growth that we saw during COVID in other places, but that demand seems to be holding just fine. And RNC, residential new construction, we can predict very well. Because the housing starts is what drive it. So I think the volume declines moderate. It won’t be 8% in Q2, Q3. But in Q4, to your specific portion, I’m not sure if it returned to growth because that will depend on the residential new construction. It’s looking better. We started the year thinking it will be down 20% right now, it looks like it’s closer to 10% from a housing start perspective, we just need to watch and monitor that Julian.
Julian Mitchell: That’s helpful. Thanks, Alok.
Operator: We will take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. I want to come back to kind of the – maybe it’s on Slide 5, kind of the pricing slide. Alok, can you dig a little deeper into maybe the opportunities, I guess, I’ll call them non-price price actions, right? Rebates, leakage, things like that. Is this an area where the firm once had discipline and lost it or this is a new area of focus? And maybe you could give some color or insight on like how significant driving some of these netting actions might be?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I guess having done pricing back in my consulting days, I strongly believe that all three levers are important, setting, getting and netting – so I think it’s important. In some of these cases, yes, we had strong discipline. And during COVID and other cases, as we pulled back on non-critical activities, some of these just had to give that we had to focus on other things such as recovery on, COVID looking at supporting the volume constraint. So I think we have that muscle. We’ve got to kind of make sure we retrain it. We make sure we find it and deploy it. A lot of this is also around, we have structural advantages when it comes to serving some of the large accounts, whether it’s we call it national accounts or key accounts and it’s going to be for us to work jointly with our customers to find the lowest cost way to serve them and create win-win situations there. Because we are direct, right? We can optimize a lot of freight, distribution and make it win-win for us and these large growing often like a sponsor-owned dealer network. So we think that’s a big opportunity. Where it’s less about what the list price is, but it’s more about what’s margin on both sides, and we have an opportunity to optimize that. So we used to do it very well. We lost some ground just because we had to focus on other areas. We are bringing that back, and we are excited about the structural advantage we have in going after larger accounts where the cost to serve would be lower on both sides.
Jeff Sprague: And then just on inventories, you spoke to the channel destocking and the like. I just wonder if you could address your own inventories, I guess we’re up 30% year-over-year and 20% sequentially. It’s not crazy given the inflation that’s out there. But maybe just address where your inventories are vis-a-vis where you think they should be any particular absorption or other issues embedded in the guide as you work through that or anything else to be aware of there?
Alok Maskara: I think what you saw is our inventories definitely grew in Q1, but that’s normal with our seasonal nature of our business. We always grow inventory in the first quarter. And then we will burn that off in Q2 and Q3 built into the guide that burn off of the inventory. We’re going to look to potentially do a little bit more. We think there may be some upside to exceed the free cash guide. But it’s normal to build inventory as we did in Q1.
Joe Reitmeier: And if I can just jump on that. I mean, if you go back again a few years ago, when we were turning inventory at 5 to 6x a year and we still have room for improvement there. I mean, right now, we are taking it at 3 to 4x. So I think over the 3-year planning period, you can expect us to go back to turning inventory at the historical levels. Driven by finished goods optimization that Michael mentioned, but also raw material supply chains became extended, we bulked up on raw material, and we don’t want to do anything crazy here, but over the next 2 to 3 years in a very disciplined manner, working with our suppliers and our customers, we are going to drive our inventory turns to be better.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Look, I want to follow-up on, I guess, adjacent to price, but really about share gain. If you think about where you see the biggest opportunity today, is it more on kind of the larger dealers, bigger national accounts like homebuilders? Is it in the smaller guys? Maybe talk about where this kind of newer field autonomy is really designed to try to meet the market between different customer types.
Alok Maskara: Sure. I mean, Josh, I think the simple answer is all of them. I mean we have an opportunity with smaller dealers because we underserve them post the tornado. I mean we were known for our endo Signature Series products. We had really good partnerships and because we didn’t have enough inventory or service levels, many of them were forced to look somewhere else. So we need to win them back. And I think that’s where a lot of the local autonomy, the improved service levels and all of that goes into, right? Second part of that is just geographic based on legacy and driven, I mean, our market share in South Florida is much lower than our market share in Marshalltown, Iowa, and that’s been for years. I mean that’s where a lot of the efforts we have done, including increasing our reach, investing in our distribution footprint, getting more heat pump coverage, all of that has, I think second factor is geographic. Third, to come back to the national dealers or the larger dealers, that’s where we have a structural advantage and it’s a different, more sophisticated approach of working with them on trying to make sure that we create a win-win partnership. So, Josh, we have opportunities in all three areas. And don’t forget at the same time our indirect business, which is also doing very well. So, when I talked about that direct, on the indirect side, where we are targeting through Allied, our independent distribution network and giving them a stronger, better value proposition, that works well. So, I think all four are important, right. Smaller dealers that we lost unfortunately during and after the tornado, truly looking at regional expansion, going into key accounts and getting to make sure we have a win-win value proposition and finally, continuing to expand our two-step model as well because we believe we have a unique value proposition. So, those are kind of our four levers for market share gain.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Understood. And then just shifting over to the product side and the 2025 transition coming up, I know you really [ph] guidance today, but it does look like you have a little bit of padding to start the year, so good performance in commercial, anything that you are able to pull forward on R&D, CapEx, anything else on getting set for ‘25?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. It’s a situation where I think we are doing all that we can. Once again, our priorities are elevating our service levels with our customers, making sure we have got the right mix of product to meet end market demand and then continuing to pull forward, and we are done that to some extent, Josh, you noticed is our capital expenditures are $250 million. $50 million of that is associated with staying ahead of the 2025 transition. So, we are making those investments pulling ahead those activities that we can’t deliver that value to our customers. And once again, much like we did with the minimum efficiency transition this year, seamlessly attack what’s ahead of us in 2025.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thanks for the color. Best of luck guys.
Joe Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Noah Kaye with Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Noah Kaye: Good morning. Good to be with you. Thanks. I guess to start with, interested in the commentary around this year benefit to mix. Look, I think you said actually, it was a fairly small amount of SEER products sold through the resi channel in 1Q. Is it possible to quantify the SEER benefit to mix in the quarter, how you would think about that into the seasonal uptick and what’s embedded for SEER specifically in the full year guide?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Michael will answer that question, but let me just clarify. Maybe what I was saying is that not all our sales in Q1 were the new SEER products, about one-third of our sales in Q1 are still the older SEER products as you are going. But no, majority of the sale in Q1 did shift to new SEER, but Michael can actually break down the mix benefits for you.
Michael Quenzer: Alright. Yes. In residential, we did see favorable mix. It’s predominantly for the SEER transition. As we have talked about previously, it acts more as volume than price. So, it dropped through to about a 30% drop-through that we saw in residential. We should start to see that for the rest of the year to similar 30% drop-through on the benefit for the mix shift. And a little bit higher margins on the drop-through on the commercial as we are able to get some additional pricing on top of that, but should be about a 30% drop-through that we see in residential.
Noah Kaye: Okay. Great. And then what did you see from the e-commerce channel this quarter? I think to the question around share gains overall, just how did that channel factor in?
Alok Maskara: Yes. We don’t break out e-commerce sales by quarter. But needless to say, as we talked in the Investor Day, it’s a very important channel for us. We look at over a third of our sales as we mentioned at the Investor Day, go through e-commerce. We find that all of those are very sticky customers, and that continues to grow. So, I think the numbers we disclosed in December still hold or better, but we don’t break that out quarterly, nor do we think it’s relevant to break it out quarterly. But it’s an important part of our growth strategy. And what we are even more excited about is to be able to leverage those data and the relationship and using artificial intelligence and machine learning to make critical decisions, everything from inventory planning to pricing, also looking at making it easier for our dealers from predictive maintenance perspective and others. It’s a huge investment for us, very important for us, but the quarterly breakdown of that is not something we think is relevant.
Noah Kaye: Yes. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: Hey everyone. Just a couple of cleanups for me. Just going back to commercial Alok, can you put a finer point on why you are so far ahead on the margin recovery, because I think before, you thought it was a 3-year sort of linear progression and now it looks like you might be there at the end of this year?
Alok Maskara: Well, first of all, I would say really pleased to have a conservative CFO. So, I think that will be the first start point on that, Ryan. Listen, it definitely helps. And when we said 3 years, we really looked at that being like our external commitment. Internally, obviously, we were driving it to a faster pace. I think the SEER transition worked well for us. I mean as we looked at the factory converting over, the labor stabilizing, getting the new products, which I give full credit to the team as we were also able to rationalize our SKUs. So, we have like 40% less SKU in the factories working through and simplifying. So, a lot of just core discipline was restored. We make a step forward with SKU rationalization. We were able to work with our key accounts because these new SKUs were not covered by some of the legacy contracts, so all of those. So, I think we – if there was like an optimistic scenario and a conservative scenario, we were probably guiding you guys to the midpoint of that. And right now, we are fighting on cylinders to hit closer to be optimistic. But it’s within the range of what we thought Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: That’s helpful. Thanks for that. And then just on resi, any differences in the quarter by geography? We obviously had some weather out west, just curious there.
Alok Maskara: Not substantial. I mean there is weather related, right. Because the winter was mild in certain cases, Northeast did not do well, but I think that’s an industry-wide factor. Southern states did well, but I think it could also be because some of our competitors stumbled during this year transition and we had inventory. So, I think some of the Southern states, we saw particular strength. But nothing that I could call out or give you the dubious answer on, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Alok Maskara: Good morning Nigel.
Nigel Coe: I will say we got a lot of ground already. Hi guys. Just on that last point. So obviously, we saw a pretty significant shift during the fourth quarter with the transition. It sounds like that continued perhaps not at the stream, but that did continue in the first quarter. Is that fair, Alok?
Alok Maskara: Yes. That’s fair. And I think these things typically, given the abrupt nature of the regulations, but the difference between North and South, I think we all have got – I mean all industry players have got sophisticated on starting to make them in Q4 and continue selling them through end of kind of Q2 to make sure the inventory doesn’t become like E&O time excess and obsolete. So, I think we have done – all have done a good job with that.
Joe Reitmeier: And I think our direct-to-dealer strategy benefits us due to the destocking in the two-step channels. So, once again, I think we were probably unjustly criticized for losing share as the two-step channel stocked up. Once again, as it destocks, we will see some of that benefit in the form of additional share.
Nigel Coe: Yes. That’s very fair. Going back to commercial margins, I know this has been well vetted. But if you think about the Arkansas facility, where is labor and material productivity trending today relative to normal, and I will leave you to define normal, but where are you sort of target on that curve?
Alok Maskara: I am glad you are going to leave us to define normal. I am going to leave it to somebody else. So, it’s hard to fine normal, but here is the thing, right. I mean wages are not going back. So, let’s put it in that perspective. But our factories are still fairly inefficient. Lot of the inefficiencies that trapped in, including expedited rate, including overtime, including line rates running below normal, those still persist. And Q1 was actually a little bit worse on that because we had to go through SEER change. So, imagine retooling all your lines and getting to new products, which were completely new design for us. Remember, there are three new models that we introduced at the beginning of the year. So, I think there is still room for productivity improvement for us going forward. Our priority is still output there, right. I mean I think the more we can produce, the more we can find. We are still limited by our Board. But getting the output up, getting manufacturing productivity and working on the second factory, remember, all of this is still based on the existing factory. Once we have two factories and can truly look at one being focused on made to stock, going after emergency replacement, making standard products at very high velocity, very high efficiency and the other being on made to order for key accounts specific. I mean that’s out of our vision that hasn’t changed. We just got to the one factory improvement sooner.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks a lot. I will leave it there.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe Ritche with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Joe Ritche: Hi guys. Good morning. Can you touch on just your visibility into the independent distribution channels? It looks like your Allied business was probably down. I am guessing volumes are down like high teens this quarter. Just what kind of visibility do you actually have to destocking, being pretty much behind you in 2Q?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So and when we say two-step, we mean ADP and Allied. So, combined together, and you are right. I mean the volume was down in the range you mentioned. We have very good relationship with this channel, and we have good visibility, that’s the reason we are kind of hinting at, we would expect destocking to continue in Q2 and then beginning of Q3 or beginning of second half. We think that will be behind us. It’s hard to quantify because every distributor is different, right. I mean nobody has the same exact operating rhythm as somebody else in a different state. But the amount of excess inventory that the distributors are holding is – should be compete with destocking by beginning of Q3.
Joe Ritche: Got it. That’s super helpful. And I guess maybe just a follow-on on commercial. I know we have talked about it, and congrats on being way ahead of plan on getting that $100 million back. It’s probably unfair for me to even ask this question, but how are you thinking about what – where the margin improvement is going to come post achieving the $100 million, which seems like it’s going to come a lot faster than you originally anticipated?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I mean I will point out to a few different things, right. First of all, remember, the $100 million we had said does not include the second factory benefit. So, I think we are still holding to that. So, the second factory, we have started construction. Things are moving along well. We expect to be under roof by the end of the year. We would expect production sometime next year. So, that will give a significant benefit as we have two factories, very focused operating to serve our customers really well. So, that’s going to be one part. Second on that is, I think there is significant opportunity for us to continue looking at our service growth. Service is a very attractive business for us, and we were not fully focused on that, given all the disruptions happening here. So, getting service and increasing our service focus, which is good margin, it’s repeatable, and it’s predictable, and gives us great insight for equipment sales. I think the service would really help us well. And finally going back to the manufacturing inefficiencies, I don’t want to rule that out. I mean we are in the early stages of working through manufacturing inefficiencies and getting all of those out of the system. So, long term we are committed to 20%-plus ROS across both the segments. And we are excited about all the steps. And those are sort of the things I have mentioned in the last page, when I talked about the six key self-help initiatives we are working on. They kind of equally apply to both residential and commercial.
Joe Ritche: It makes sense. Great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We will take our next question from Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Your line is open.
Brett Linzey: Alright. Good morning all.
Alok Maskara: Hi Brett.
Brett Linzey: I just wanted to come back to commercial briefly. So, you noted the backlog remains strong and order rates are solid. What degree of visibility on those orders converting do you have for this year? And is there anything specific of mix, whether it’s national account versus other verticals that we should be aware of over the next two quarters, three quarters?
Alok Maskara: I will take the second question first. So, on the mix side, no, I mean we don’t have large projects that funnel through the pipeline or anything, right. I mean these are all projects and these are products that we price accordingly. So, no, the margin in our backlog is no different than the margin we are expecting in Q1, if that’s your question, right. We have good visibility into that margin, and it’s all good, nothing to worry about there. On the overall demand visibility, it’s everything from some key accounts who want to plan 2025 volume right now post the low GWP to people on emergency replacement who wants product tomorrow. But our backlog is healthy. I mean the industry lead times remain stretched. I mean today, if somebody places an order, whether it’s our sort of competition, chances of getting a product this year is low. I mean you would likely get into Q4 next year. So, I think there is some flexibility here and there, but that’s kind of the demand visibility we have. It’s pretty solid going forward, both from actual revenue, sales and also margin perspective.
Brett Linzey: Okay. Great. And just to follow-up on the news this week with one of your peers making a portfolio move into European heat pumps, can you maybe just speak to your appetite to compete internationally, be it organically, be it inorganically? And then maybe just how much investment do you think is required to maybe reinvigorate that part of your portfolio?
Alok Maskara: As you know, already we made a decision last year to make the portfolio move, which includes divestment of our European operation. We like being laser-like focused on North America HVAC-R business. It’s a very large industry. We have low share. I think our focus is going to help us win. So, I think we are currently 100% committed to remaining North America HVAC/R player. We still have lots of bolt-on opportunities here, whether it’s about service or expanding our line card, so our stores can be more efficient and looking at other opportunities. So, I think for us, never say never, but currently, we like our laser focus, and I think that will help us win share, that will help us through the transition. Everybody at Lennox gets up every morning and is focused on winning in North America HVAC-R. And all our 11,000 employees focus in that direction. We are confident that’s a winning formula for us. And if you guys want to diversify for other international, you can always buy shares in other international companies.
Brett Linzey: Alright. Thanks a lot. Best of luck.
Alok Maskara: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Alok Maskara: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa: I don’t quite – I am not sure I heard this before, been a lot of calls this morning, but could you guys comment at all on how April is looking relative in resi to what you guys posted for the first quarter?
Alok Maskara: We didn’t comment specifically on April, but I will tell you, it’s consistent with what we expected. And April is a hard month given that most of the summer sales stops in kind of May and June. But there is nothing in April that would have caused us to change our full year outlook.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then I think you mentioned there were some production inefficiencies in the fourth quarter on new products coming up to speed. It was my understanding that you guys didn’t really do like a major clean sheet kind of redesign for this year go around? I thought you were maybe taking a legacy product, and you were talking about how you had the outdoor unit kind of advantage there. Can you maybe just explain how your product strategy kind of progressed through that?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So, let’s start with the two segments separately, right. So, on the commercial, we did redesign our product, and that’s what we were referring to earlier. So, we launched three new models and replaced most of our legacy that included significant SKU rationalization, more modular design and more modern. So commercial, we did redesign our product line. On residential, we had to redesign our outdoor units just because air conditioning and heat pump, but that’s what regulation does. We did not re-launch an indoor unit because our indoor units are still very new. They were launched just a year or so ago. And they are already very high efficiency and they are compatible. So, we believe that gives us competitive advantage in the marketplace is that our new higher air conditioning and heat pump units are backwards compatible with our existing furnaces and air handlers indoor. So, that’s the piece I think of the product strategy we had mentioned earlier.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. And then one last one, on this price increase, how much in total is the price increase? And then can you just remind us of how that works with your distribution channel? I mean are you selling – does that price increase go independent versus your captive like – is there a difference between what the contractor is seeing and what your independent distributor is seeing?
Alok Maskara: Yes. We call it a targeted price increase, Steve. And I think a lot of the discussions, the customers are starting now. So, I would rather not go into terms of details in that one. But the answer is we believe that this is the right step for us to be more competitively priced in the marketplace. From a consumer perspective, this is a small portion of the overall cost. And all we are doing is making sure we can offset inflation. You will notice in our full year guide, we now talk about $175 million in pricing benefits, earlier we have given a range with the high end at $175 million, and we took our commodity inflation up by offsetting $10 million. So, that’s kind of where we are on the numbers.
Steve Tusa: Got it. So, it’s embedded, it’s embedded in that $175 million now, your realization, whatever you expect to get in June.
Alok Maskara: Yes. We just to remove the range and stuck with the high number.
Steve Tusa: Yes. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Chirag Patel with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Chirag Patel: Thanks. So, I just wanted to cover the Allied piece, just one more kind of a blush here. One, I was just kind of looking at what the opportunity kind of seems like for you guys over time? I know in the past, we have talked about the idea of share gains of $300 million or so to get to that 2026 target. How much of that is Allied? What do you kind of see the growth? Is there an acceleration opportunity in that, is there an opportunity to partner with additional distribution channels to kind of expand that product? Just trying to get a little bit more sense for what you see as that particular piece of the business growing is versus the core Lennox brand?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So first of all, we are very proud of Allied. I mean they have done great over the past many years. I mean the business has grown up 4x. I mean the margins have expanded beautifully. And I think Joan [ph] and the team have done a fabulous job taking that. At the same time, we don’t think we are anywhere close to being done. We have significant room for improvement. I can easily see that business doubling again over the next 5 years as we continue to add distributors to have a very focused product portfolio that wins a lot of awards and we truly focus on best serving these independent distributors. So, excited about Allied, we think there is a lot of growth potential ahead. At the same time, I don’t want to break down $300 million in opportunity between business A and B. Ideally, both of them will get it, right. I mean ideally, we would both get the $300 million targets and we deliver more to the shareholders. The super excited about Allied, I think we have share gain opportunities on direct and in indirect, we will keep driving both of them.
Chirag Patel: Appreciate that. Would there be a mix shift if that were to grow a little bit faster or slower on the margin side, I just mean?
Alok Maskara: No. And we don’t break out margins. I just – we would remain committed to 20% margin on residential overall. And it’s hard to kind of break down margin artificially because remember, we share the same infrastructure for manufacturing, product development and all of that. So, that just becomes allocation game, right.
Chirag Patel: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining us today. Since there are no further questions, this will conclude Lennox first quarter conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-31 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. All lines are currently in a listen only mode, and there will be a question and answer session at the end of the presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Alok Maskara, CEO. Alok, please go ahead.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Ashley. Good morning, and welcome. I hope everyone is having a good start to 2023. It was nice to meet many of you face-to-face during the Investor Day on December 14th. Thanks for attending and sharing your feedback. Turning to Slide 2, a reminder that during today's call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, as outlined on this page. Please refer to our SEC filings available on our Web site for additional details. Before we begin, I want to express my gratitude and appreciation to all of our employees who enabled us to deliver record financial results in 2022. Last year, our dedicated employees improved our customer experience while facing significant supply chain disruptions. This enabled us to reestablish our cadence of gaining residential market share. I want to take this opportunity to also thank our dealers and customers for their loyalty to Lennox. We will continue to improve our service levels while maintaining the best HVACR products and solution in North America so that we can continue gaining share in the future. Now please turn to Slide 3 where I want to highlight four key messages. First, we are proud to report solid fourth quarter results that capped off another record year for Lennox. Q4 revenues of $1.1 billion and full year revenues of $4.7 billion were both up 13% year-over-year. Strong price execution and continued volume growth enabled us to set new records for both quarterly and full year revenues. Q4 adjusted earnings per share of $2.63 and full year EPS of $14.07 both grew 12%, establishing a new record of full year EPS. Second, we successfully transitioned our product portfolio to meet the new minimum regional efficiency regulation that went into effect on January 1, 2023. We believe that our superior design and solid execution has put us in a strong position to win share during and after the transition. Third, we ended the year with fully replenished finished goods inventory levels to support our customers through the SEER transition. In addition, we are also carrying higher level of raw material safety stock to mitigate the impact of ongoing supply chain disruptions. Given this, our 2022 free cash flow was $203 million, which was below our expectations. We are undertaking countermeasures to improve our cash flow forecasting and remain committed to converting 90% to 100% of our net income into free cash over the long term. Fourth, our 2023 full year outlook remains unchanged, and we still expect revenue growth of 0% to 4% and an EPS range of $14.25 to $15.25. Now please turn to Slide 4 to discuss business updates as a follow-up to our dialogue during the Investor Day. In terms of end market update, as we approach February, our order rates remain consistent with our prior expectations. While we are noticing signs of a slowdown, we remain confident in our dealer networks' ability to continue driving both replacement and new construction sales, especially as equipment lead times normalize. We do anticipate some channel destocking in our two step distribution businesses like Allied Air, ADP and Heatcraft. We are maintaining solid communication with our distribution partners to effectively manage channel inventory levels. In addition to successful execution during the SEER transition, we are pleased to report that we remain on track to transition our portfolio to comply with the upcoming 2025 low GWP regulation. In terms of order updates on our innovation road map, we recently launched our next generation thermostat controller, the Lennox S40, which has built-in indoor air quality monitoring capabilities and improved connectivity to further improve the experience of our customers and our dealers. We also continue to make progress on accelerating our heat pump growth, and we're a proud recipient of the good design award for our Dave Lennox signature series collection heat pump. Switching gears. As part of our commercial recovery effort, the construction of our new commercial factory in Saltillo has started and will be complete by the end of 2024. Lastly, on this page, the formal process for divesting our European assets has started and our internal segment consolidation is complete. We expect to close the European divestiture sometime this year. With that, let me hand the call over to Joe, who will provide you a more detailed view of our financial performance.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Alok. Good morning, everyone. Please turn to Slide 5. Looking at the quarter for Lennox overall, the company posted strong revenue and profit growth. Revenue was a record $1.1 billion, up 13% as reported and up 14% at constant currency, with the growth driven by volume and price. Total segment profit increased $30 million or 30% versus prior year as pricing gains more than offset cost inflation, and all three segments contributed to profit growth. Total segment margin was 12.1%, up 150 basis points as price gains outpaced cost inflation and Commercial margins improved due to higher factory output. GAAP EPS of $2.65 was up 17% and adjusted EPS rose 12% to $2.63. Regarding special items, the company had an $800,000 adjustment for the fourth quarter and $6.6 million for the full year. Corporate expenses were $34 million in the fourth quarter and $91 million for the full year. Overall, SG&A was $155 million in the fourth quarter or 14.2% of revenue, down from 15.7% in the prior year quarter. And for the full year, SG&A was $627 million or 13.3% of revenue, down from 14.3% in the prior year. Our full year 2022 income tax rate was 19.3%, which was up from the 17.2% last year, the result of higher tax benefits from share based compensation and the finalization of our prior year tax obligations with taxing authorities. For 2022, the company generated cash from operations of $302 million compared to $516 million in the prior year. The reduction in cash flow was primarily due to inventory cost inflation and investments to both minimize supply chain disruptions and prepare for the minimum efficiency regulatory change that took effect January 1, 2023. Capital expenditures were approximately $101 million for the full year compared to $107 million in the prior year. Free cash flow was $203 million for the year compared to $410 million in the prior year. In 2022, the company paid approximately $142 million in dividends and repurchased $300 million of the company's stock. Total debt was $1.5 billion at the end of the fourth quarter and we ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.1. Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments were $61 million at the end of the year. Moving to the business segments, starting on Slide 6. Our Residential segment delivered record fourth quarter revenue and profit. Residential revenue grew 13% to $703 million, vwolume was up 5%, price and mix were up 9% and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact. Residential segment profit rose 8% to $119 million. Segment margin contracted 90 basis points to 16.9%, primarily due to incremental costs associated with supply chain disruptions and the factory changeover for the new 2023 minimum efficiency standard products. For the full year, Residential segment revenue was a record $3.2 billion, up 15%. Volume was up 4%, price was up 11% and product mix was flat for the full year. For the full year, Residential profit was a record $597 million, up 10%. Segment margin was 18.7%, down 80 basis points, primarily the result of supply chain challenges, which drove manufacturing inefficiencies and unfavorable product mix with reduced production output for higher end products. Now turning to Slide 7 and our Commercial business. Revenue was $241 million in the quarter, which was up 19%. Commercial price and mix was up 17%. Volume was up 3%, and foreign exchange had an unfavorable 1% impact. Commercial segment profit was up 79%, and segment margin expanded 390 basis points to 11.6%. Commercial demand and backlog remains solid, and our Arkansas factory recovery is progressing well. Staffing in the plant is at our desired levels with productivity progressing and production output increasing. For the full year, Commercial revenue was $901 million, up 4%. Price and mix were up 13% and volume was down 9%. For the full year, segment profit was $81 million, down 27%. Segment margin was 9%, down 380 basis points. Looking at our Refrigeration business on Slide 8. Revenue was $150 million for the fourth quarter, up 5% as reported and up 10% at constant currency. Price and mix were up 21%, volume down 11% and foreign exchange had a negative 5% impact. Revenue growth was led by our North American business with price and mix, which was up more than 20%. Europe revenue was up 9% as reported and up 22% at constant currency. Overall, the Refrigeration segment profit rose 42% to $19 million and segment margin expanded 330 basis points to 12.5%. Refrigeration demand, order rates and backlog remain strong. For the full year, Refrigeration revenue was $619 million, up 12%. Volume was up 3%, price and mix was up 14% and foreign exchange had an unfavorable 5% impact. Segment profit was $79 million, which was up 60% and segment profit was 12.7%, up 380 basis points. Turning to Slide 9 for a free cash flow update. Free cash flow was $203 million and was impacted by inventory replenishment to get our distribution network back to effective levels to serve our customers, along with inventory investment to buffer the supply chain to support demand for the new minimum efficiency standards that became effective January 1st. As we look to 2023 and free cash flow, we expect cash from operations to increase as we work to optimize inventory levels while we prepare for the next regulatory change to take effect in 2025 for the new low GWP refrigerants and minimize supply chain disruptions. Our capital expenditures in 2023 will be approximately $250 million and includes investments for a second commercial factory and investments necessary to prepare us for the 2025 refrigerant change. Free cash flow in 2023 is planned within a range of $250 million to $350 million, including increased capital spending to support regulatory change and growth initiatives, including factory capacity. Free cash flow in 2023 is planned within a range of $250 million to $350 million, including increased capital spending to support regulatory and growth initiatives, including factory capacity. Now turning to Slide 10. Let's review our 2023 full year guidance. Our outlook collectively for the end markets we serve remains unchanged. We expect revenue to be flat to up 4% for the year. There is no change to our EPS guidance of $14.25 to $15.25 that we shared with you during our Analyst Day. Free cash flow is targeted within the range of $250 million to $350 million, as I mentioned. And we are planning capital expenditures of $250 million that includes the necessary investments in a second factory, as I mentioned, and investments related to the refrigerant transition that take effect in 2025. Price benefit, including price associated with the 2023 SEER transition is now expected to be within a range of $150 million to $175 million. Now turning to the cost side of the equation. We expect net material cost to be a $35 million headwind in 2023. That material cost headwind is driven by component cost inflation of $100 million, net of $30 million in savings from sourcing and engineering initiatives, along with a $35 million commodity cost benefit. Corporate expenses are still targeted at $80 million. We will manage SG&A tightly while continuing to make the necessary investments in the businesses to support growth initiatives and to drive productivity. And finally, we expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 35 million to 36 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $100 million to $200 million of the company's stock this year. With that, let's turn to Slide 11, and I'll hand it back over to Alok.
Alok Maskara: Thanks, Joe. Summarizing our financial results and providing an update on the assumptions behind our 2023 fiscal guidance. Please turn to Slide 11 for the key success factors for Lennox this year that are summarized on this page. While we have little control over the industry unit shipments in 2023 that are still expected to decline year-over-year. Given that, we are focusing our effort on the three controllable factors to grow our revenues and expand our margins. First, to offset inflation, we are maintaining and expanding our pricing initiatives. We have already implemented price increases for 2023 and are confident in our ability to offset cost inflation with pricing. Second, on the heel of a strong Q4 performance, we continue to maintain focus on commercial profit recovery. As Joe mentioned earlier, staffing levels are stable and the Stuttgart plant has switched over to the 2023 SEER standards while simplifying our product portfolio. Our new commercial product lineup provides greater value to our customers and we intend to share part of that value through pricing and contract negotiations. Third, Lennox is now well positioned to start gaining share again. As you may recall, our service levels suffered after the Marshalltown tornado in 2018 and we were unable to fully restore the service levels during the COVID years. Now, the Marshalltown reconstruction is complete, our finished good inventory levels have been replenished, Saltillo continues to add capacity, and our commercial lead times are approaching competitive levels. The improved service levels, along with recently introduced new products, put us in a strong position to relaunch our share gain programs. Even during a period of economic uncertainty, our confidence in executing on the three controllable key success factors makes us cautiously optimistic for 2023. Again, I want to thank our employees who are working hard to sustain and improve our customer service levels. Now please turn to Slide 12 for some final thoughts before Q&A. I would like to close our prepared remarks by summarizing why I believe LII is an attractive investment opportunity. Lennox is narrowly focused leader in energy efficient, environmentally friendly climate controlled solutions. We operate in high growth end markets with strong replacement demand that provides us with resiliency even during periods of economic uncertainty. The company has a unique direct to dealer network, which creates a sustainable competitive advantage. And finally, we have a history of robust execution with disciplined capital allocation. Thank you for listening. Joe and I will be happy to take your questions. Ashley, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. We'll go next to Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: It's Gautam here. I was just curious if you could elaborate on your opening remarks about seeing some channel or seeing some pressure on volumes. Just if you could talk about the Allied versus the Lennox brand, if you're seeing -- what you're seeing in terms of destocking, if any? And how -- maybe you think it's just maybe an early read on Q1 based on what you're seeing on resi.
Alok Maskara: So I guess, first of all, as you know, majority of our sales are direct to dealers. And we highlighted Allied, ADP and Heatcraft as the three business units that do go through two step distribution model. Each of them are in a different cycle stage on distributor inventory levels. For something like Heatcraft, we saw some destocking already occur and we might be back to more normal levels. For Allied and ADP, as we talk to our channel partners, we believe there's some destocking that's going to occur this year, which frankly puts our Lennox brand in a strong position. That all is baked into our guidance as we look at 0% to 4% revenue growth. While we don't give quarterly guidance, Gautam, as you know, I mean, so far, I mean, as we said, the Q1 order rates are consistent with our expectations. And I don't see anything falling off a cliff or so, but we do see gradual slowdown that we have talked about in the past.
Gautam Khanna: And then if you could just comment on the recovery on the high end product, Lennox products. Sort of where are we in that journey, and do you expect to be a full participant in the summer selling season with that product line that was impacted last year?
Alok Maskara: Yes, Gautam, now since Marshalltown tornado, this would be the year, 2023, we have all the inventory levels needed to launch our programs, to recapture our position on the high end, especially as we look at some of the new products like the Dave Lennox Signature series heat pumps and the new higher efficiency furnaces. So we feel good going into the year to be able to capture our fair share of market and higher than growth in 2022 on the higher end products.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research.
Nigel Coe: So I was a little bit late joining the call. So I just wondered, could you give any color in terms of the order activity in 1Q? I'm guessing not, but if it did, it'd be helpful to hear that. But just my broader question is, how has the SEER transition from a market perspective and obviously, asset, how has that gone versus expectations and has it caused any sort of air pocket post the year end?
Gautam Khanna: So we didn't give any numbers on Q1 but we did talk about that January order rates were consistent with our expectations and outlook. So no change, it went as we expected. On the SEER change, overall, I think it went fine for the industry. The industry has gotten used to these changes. You know we think our design has got the winning formula in terms of -- we talked about in the last call, we don't need to change some of the indoor units. We can only change the outdoor unit. So we think we did quite well and we'll wait for some of the industry numbers to compare our share. But in general, I think the industry is used to it. I think us and majority of other industry players had a seamless SEER transition. Some of the smaller players may have had hiccups. But overall, I think it went as good or better than expected for the industry.
Nigel Coe: And then my follow-on is on inventories. You built inventory into 4Q versus 3Q, quite unusual from a [seasonal] perspective. But I'm curious, was that planned or were there some issues that caused that build?
Alok Maskara: I think the inventory build was very planned. We wanted to make sure of two things. One is that we have sufficient high end products in stock, even though that's not selling until the summer season given the challenges we had. Second is given the SEER change, we wanted to make sure that we have sufficient inventory of the new SEER product as we went into the new year. So I think that was planned. I think where we fell short, honestly, was more appropriate forecasting and where we landed up on some of the raw material side where I think our supply chains normalize, we should have opportunity to convert more of that inventory into cash. So [Indiscernible] at this stage been complete with inventory build.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs.
Joe Ritchie: Alok, can we just maybe just talk about the Commercial business for a second? It sounded like pretty positive comments on the hiring front. I guess just where does production stand relative to normal levels? And then maybe just talk about how you're seeing that business from a share gain perspective. It sounds like you're starting to recover some gains or recovering some share that you may have lost previously.
Alok Maskara: So first of all, we are pleased with the recovery in Commercial and remain committed to $100 million EBIT improvement in Commercial over the planning period. We had a strong Q4, as you saw from numbers slightly better than expected, and that was kind of the prime driver of why we came to the higher end of our guidance. The recovery was driven by very stable levels of staffing. I mean at this stage, we're hiring as much as we are losing and that's kind of back to normal levels. I think the team has done a good job making sure that the output has come back up compared to the lows of the year, but we are still not back to normal. I would say we are probably still about 20% below normal on factory output where we could get there just with this factory even before the next factory comes online. So we remain pleased with the efforts in Q4. Q1, that's going to go through SEER transition. And obviously, that's something we are very excited about given the change in product lineup. So net-net, excited about the new Commercial segment. We will continue delivering and focusing. And even as we take a step into '24, '25, the new factory will give us more productivity, more capacity. And the last question you have is, yes, we did lose share in Commercial despite all the things I said earlier. Most of that was earlier in the year. Towards the end of the year, we started recovering shares and we did a little better. And we think that trend will continue because the industry lead times remain extended and ours are now getting to very competitive levels within the industry.
Joe Reitmeier: And just to elaborate a little bit on what Alok mentioned, where we lost share was in the emergency replacement segment of the market. And as productivity and output improves, it'll enable us to replenish our distribution channels with that stockable product and then you should really see the share gain gain traction. Once again, we're able to reengage in the emergency replacement side of the market.
Joe Ritchie: I guess my one follow-up question. Residential volumes are continuing to stay positive, I know that you're expecting a decline in the year, and I know that you don't give quarterly guidance. But I guess just based on what you see with inventory levels today, I mean, are you expecting things to turn negative at the start of the year? Is that something that maybe happens later on in the year? I'm just -- any color that you can give on like the seasonality as we progress through 2023 would be helpful.
Alok Maskara: First of all, there’s significant uncertainty remains and at some stage, your guess is going to be as good as ours. January met expectations. Because majority of our business is dealer direct, the impact of channel destocking would be minimal. But for the industry, I do saw it happening more in the first half versus the second half. So I think the industry will see some decline in sales to distributors that distributors pull back orders, just to get the inventory rightsized. I think the seasonality, as we typically expect as in the summer seasonality, still remains. So I would say, yes, there's going to be some channel destocking impact in the industry in the first half. It's going to impact us less. But beyond that, it's going to be watching all the numbers that you would watch, consumer confidence, interest rates, new home starts and see where we come up. Because the new home starts that fell in second half of 2022 will have an impact in 2023 at those come up for completion, because our new home business did well in Q4 that's lower margin, as you know. But going into '23, we expect that to slow down for sure.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tusa Steve with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: So just on the Allied side, what was the growth rate, the difference between Allied and your -- the Lennox brands in the fourth quarter?
Alok Maskara: I don't have it in front of me, and I think it was pretty consistent…
Joe Reitmeier: I'll be honest with you, Steve, I don't think it was radically different than what we saw in the direct to dealer business because we had a [really solid] and we had a record year in our Allied business, they did a tremendous job. They gained more than 100 basis points of share, along with our Lennox business. So it was a pretty good quarter for both businesses.
Steve Tusa: So when you kind of roll forward into the first half, and you talk about some destocking, what kind of split would you expect here in the -- how is it trending in January? And then what kind of split would you expect as this destock cycle move into the first half?
Alok Maskara: Yes, in the Allied business, we would expect a slower start because, as Joe said, I mean, they had a good year. I mean in Q4, they grew very well, Lennox grew well as well. Allied grew faster than Lennox in Q4. And as we take this forward, I would expect 20% of our business, which is on through two step distribution to have a slower start to the year versus the rest of our business, which is dealer direct.
Steve Tusa: Can you just provide a little bit of color on that? So is it like -- is it a 10% difference, at 20%? I mean there's there's just a lot of moving parts here, so it'd be helpful to figure out just roughly what kind of split you would expect there between -- effectively between sell through and sell in we're asking for the industry, if you even want to put it that way.
Alok Maskara: I think that's a fair question and we are wondering the same questions in that. I mean, 30 days in, we haven't noticed a huge difference between the two. So like time will tell. Some of it also comes down to how distributors are thinking of the year and what kind of signals and tea leaves they are reading about demand this year. But sometimes when these air pockets come in, in the two step model, they last a few weeks. We haven't started experiencing that yet. We're just prepared to experience that. Unfortunately, we don't have any numbers. And your guess is going to be as good as mine, Steve.
Steve Tusa: And then one last one. What was the actual, like -- just what were the inefficiencies from this year changeover, what exactly was that?
Alok Maskara: Quite a bit, I mean when we -- so I guess get three different areas, right? First is in our factories, we had to turn over different lines, which means there was work stoppage at different lines at different times. We did that on a rotating basis. But clearly, there was labor inefficiency and underutilization as we went through that. Second, we had to air freight and look at some prebuy of components at elevated prices just to make sure we met all the deadlines and pull that together. And I think finally, within our own distribution network, we have to spend extra because we had to manage old SEER, new SEER, different freights, move it around. So I mean those would be the three different things that we looked at, right, is just air freight and component costs, factory and efficiency and then additional distribution cost.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: I wanted to check on the Commercial business, not so much the sort of internal self help initiatives. We can see that clear green light on Slide 11 for that, but more just on the sort of the market as you see it. Classically, there was a lag, but a relationship from Residential trends to light Commercial unitary, just wondered how you see that dynamic playing out this time, if you have seen any more kind of choppiness in project activity or so forth amidst higher interest rates and weaker housing starts activity.
Alok Maskara: So Julian, you're right. Historically, there has been a lag with the correlation. If there is one this time, I think it's going to be extended because the industry has such long lead times, and there's still a pent-up demand because of number of replacements that were converted into repair over the past few years. So if a unit broke, historically, they could have replaced it, but they chose to repair it. So when we talk to our larger customers, we don't notice any change in their replacement plans, their spend plan, their capital. Now that could change. But so far, we haven't noticed that. We see a lot of customers still talking about 2025 and how they plan to significantly upgrade their facilities and HVAC system with the low GWP refrigerants to meet their carbon footprint goals and get better ESG values out of it. So we have not noticed anything in the short term. The lead times are still anything from 24 to 52 weeks. And then we start hitting 2025, which we do expect a lot of the key accounts to start ordering more and planning for 2025 replacement. But we're watching it closely, the same data that you would look at, Julian, from -- everything from ABI to other indexes. But so far, it's more lead time and supply constrained, not demand constrained.
Julian Mitchell: And then just looking at Slide 10, you laid out some of those moving pieces below the top line around the net material cost inflation. So I noticed, I think the components headwind that you expect went up a bit from what you'd said in December, any more color around that? And when you're looking at that net material cost inflation of sort of minus $35 million, what are the latest thoughts on how that headwind is weighted sort of first half versus second half? Are you getting a good tailwind in the back half or it's closer to flat?
Alok Maskara: We get some tailwind in the back half. I mean, it's right now heavily weighted but at the same time, we haven't locked in the commodities for the second half yet. So some variability still exist in that. The component piece is higher and we wanted to be upfront. It’s higher than what we thought. But some of the items such as compressors, variable speed motor, given the supply constraints that everybody is facing, I think vendors have decided to charge higher, and we clearly had to play a part in that. So yes, the component costs are higher and that just puts more onus to get pricing. That's why you see pricing, we increase our range and talk about 1.50 to 1.75 versus just a flat number of 1.50. So different moving pieces. We'll remain committed to offsetting material costs with pricing and keep doing our best to bring components down. And if commodities ease in the second half, the number could get better.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc.
Jeff Hammond: So really just want to dig in a little bit more on kind of share gain momentum. One, on the Commercial, I think you said you're kind of getting back into that emergency replacement. I'm just wondering, one, how easy it is to kind of gain back share and kind of gain dealer distributor trust? And then on the Residential side, I think you mentioned like you're -- for the first time in a while, you're positioned for share gain. Just maybe elaborate a little bit around, is it just kind of having everything together organizationally and with the plants or is it, hey, you think you got better products, better availability, et cetera?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, I think on the emergency replacement side, Jeff, I think it's very difficult to distinguish. Where you compete there is on availability and price and we've got the distribution network, we've got the people who sell it. In 2022, we're just short of product. So it's a matter of once again, I'm just replenishing those distribution channels such that we have the product available, and we feel we're back in the game on emergency replacement and we expect that to happen over the course of 2023.
Alok Maskara: And if I could just answer the Residential piece, Jeff. We have been constrained in '18 on the appropriate product mix, the appropriate inventory. And we are excited about the new leadership there. We're excited about being back with fully stocked warehouses. We are -- I think put some specific efforts around sales excellence. I mean all of those efforts are coming to fruition. So historically, as we go back through regulatory transitions, we do always win more share because at least we believe that our products are superior and our current design is going to lead us to greater benefits. So I think that's what gives us confidence on the Residential side.
Jeff Hammond: And then I don't know if I missed this. But any kind of update on the noncore divestiture and when you think that might be complete?
Joe Reitmeier: Jeff, we just kicked off a process literally this week, the teasers went out. So we're waiting for, once again, the NDAs to flow in and engagement to take place with potential suitors. We should have more news for you on the first quarter call, but we're out of the gate with the process. And we're excited about what lies in front of us with the portfolio of businesses that we have in 2023.
Operator: There are no further questions, and this concludes Lennox fourth quarter and full year 2022 earnings call. The earnings release with GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, today's presentation slides and the webcast link for today's call are available on our Web site at www.lennoxinternational.com. This webcast also will be archived on the site for replay. Thank you for joining us today.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International's Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us. I’m here today with CEO, Alok Maskara; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Alok will discuss highlights for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company’s quarterly financial performance and guidance for 2022. After that, Alok will discuss our current view on 2023 before Q&A. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to two questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. The earnings release with GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, today’s presentation slides, and the webcast link for today’s conference call are available on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast also will be archived on the site for replay. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period, unless otherwise noted. Turning to Slide 2, I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, we will be making certain forward-looking statements which are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. Before I turn the call over to Alok, let me remind everyone of our upcoming annual investor day on Wednesday, December 14, when we will discuss specific guidance for 2023 and our three-year outlook as well as provide an update on our strategy. Now, let me turn the call over to CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Good morning and welcome everyone. I want to start by thanking all our employees who are working exceptionally hard, given the ongoing supply chain disruptions to better serve our customers. As a result of their efforts, Lennox was able to deliver another record quarter while improving our customer service level. On Slide 3, I want to start by highlighting four key messages. First, our record third quarter financial results included double-digit revenue growth in all three of our business segments. Overall company revenues were up 17% to a third quarter record of $1.24 billion. Adjusted earnings grew 21% to a third quarter record of $4.10. Second, we are prepared for the upcoming minimum efficiency regulation to be effective on January 1, 2023. As part of the preparation, we are replenishing inventory levels, which will also help us increase supply chain resiliency. Given our inventory build cash from operations was $171 million in the quarter, down $51 million from a year ago. Third, the recovery in our commercial business segment is progressing well, and the daily output from a factory in Stuttgart is steadily increasing. Third quarter commercial segment profit was up 72% sequentially, and up 31% year-over-year. Today, we are also announcing investment in a second commercial factory to be built in Mexico. The total capital required for the new commercial factory is expected to be in the range of $125 million to $150 million over the next two years. The new commercial factory will provide us the much-needed additional manufacturing capacity, while enabling margin expansion. Fourth, given persistent supply chain inefficiencies, and the adverse mix impact driven by shortage of components for high-end residential products, we are revising our full year EPS guidance range to the lower end of the prior range. Now, please turn to Slide 4 to discuss our preparedness for the minimum efficiency regulatory changes. In our residential and commercial end markets in the U.S. and Canada, the new required minimum cooling efficiency level for air conditioners, heat pumps and rooftop units is increasing on January 1, 2023. For air conditioners in the south and southwest regions, the change is based on date of installation. While for air conditioners in the north regions, and for all heat pumps and rooftop products, the change is based on date of manufacture. For the new 2023 compliant units, we expect a double-digit benefit of price and mix to more than offset the higher costs of the units. For residential products, our competitive design includes single stage compression, more efficient aluminum coils and an optimized external footprint. This design approach achieves higher efficiency standards without having to change indoor units, making our solution better for dealers and end users. Lennox historically has done very well competitively during these minimum efficiency transitions, and we believe we are well positioned to do so again. Now please turn to Slide 5 for an update on a commercial profit recovery efforts. At our existing Arkansas manufacturing facility, we have met our targets for hiring and retaining talent, resulting in staffing levels reaching normalcy, which is up 30% since April. Since achieving normal staffing levels, we are systematically increasing our daily output, which is now up 15% since April. Higher output is improving service for our customers who have been mostly understanding of our challenges given industry-wide supply shortages. We are grateful for our customers loyalty and patience and want to assure them that we are doing our utmost to increase capacity and reduce lead times. We are deploying additional talent and working closely with our suppliers to satisfy current demand levels and remain committed to delivering additional manufacturing output and productivity from the existing factory. However, in the fourth quarter, we are expecting sequentially lower manufacturing efficiency and output as we transition our product lines to build our newly launched Enlight, and Xion products that meet or exceed the new minimum efficiency standards. Similar to residential, price positioning of the higher efficiency commercial products will enable us to more than offset the associated higher cost. Looking ahead, we have decided to invest in a second commercial factory in Saltillo, Mexico near our existing residential operations. The new factory will increase our capacity to support our customers forecasted demand, and it will also position us to regain lost share, especially in the emergency replacement market. We expect an 80% lower hourly labor cost at this new facility, although some of those savings will be offset by higher freight cost. Overall, as commercial production continues to recover, we expect $100 million segment profit improvement within the next three years. With that, I will hand the call over to Joe on Slide 6 to discuss full quarter financials and guidance for the full year.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Alok and good morning, everyone. Looking at the quarter for Lennox International overall, the company posted record third quarter revenue and profit. Revenue was $1.24 billion up 17% as reported and up 18% at constant currency primarily driven by volume growth and price. GAAP operating income was a third quarter record $186 million up 14%, and in the chart, you see the total segment profit rose 15% to a third quarter record $189 million. Total segment margin was 15.2% down 30 basis points primarily due to supply chain inefficiencies and lower mix driven by manufacturing constraints on higher end products. GAAP EPS was up 17% to a third quarter record $3.99 and adjusted EPS rose 21% to a third quarter record $4.10. Now moving to the business segments starting on Slide 7, you see a record third quarter for residential in revenue in profit. Residential revenue grew 17% to $835 million. Volume was up 7%, price was up 10% in the quarter. Residential replacement and new construction sales were both up high teens with new construction growing faster. Residential segment profit rose 7% to $154 million. Segment margin contracted 190 basis points to 18.4% due to lower mix as we were unable to increase output of hiring units due to the component shortages. Regarding Lennox Stores, we opened four new locations in the third quarter to bring our total store count to 239. We expect to end the year with approximately 245 stores. Now turning to Slide 8 in commercial business, revenue was $253 million in the quarter up 20% led by strong growth in national account business. Commercial price was up 9% and mix was up 11%. Commercial segment profit was up 31% and segment margin expanded 100 basis points to 11.7%. Commercial demand and backlog remain strong and our Arkansas factory recovery continues to progress well. We have recruited and hired the number of employees we need for the factory. The daily output is increasing and we continue to make progress on improving processes and productivity. Now turning to Slide 9 in our refrigeration business. Revenue was $157 million for the third quarter up 14% as reported, and up 21% at constant currency. Price was up 16%, volume was up 5%, foreign exchange had a negative 7% impact. Revenue growth was led by North America up more than 20%, Europe revenue was up 2% as reported and up 20% at constant currency. Overall for the refrigeration segment profit rose 54% to $22 million and segment margin expanded 370 basis points to 14.3%. Refrigeration demand and backlogs remain strong. Turning to Slide 10, let's review our 2022 full year guidance. We now expect revenue growth for the full year of 12% to 15% compared to the prior range of 10% to 15%. For the industry, we continue to assume low single digit shipment growth in North American residential markets, and mid-single digit shipment growth in North American commercial unitary and refrigeration markets. We are updating our guidance for GAAP and adjusted EPS for the full year to a range of $13.80 to $14.20, compared to the prior range of $13.80 to $14.50. Now looking at the puts and takes that are changing. Price is now expected to be a $425 million benefit for the year, a yield of 10%, which is up $25 million from our prior guide $400 million. Residential mix is now expected to be a $45 million headwind for the full year compared to our prior guidance of a $25 million headwind. The mix headwind is attributed to the shortage of higher end products as supply chain constraints continue to limit production of our Dave Lennox Signature Series. Commodity cost inflation is now expected to be $120 million, down $10 million from our prior guidance of $130 million. However, we are still seeing inflationary pressures on components and other materials and now expect $120 million headwind compared to prior guidance of a $100 million headwind. Supply related factory disruptions are now expected to be a $25 million headwind compared to prior guidance of a $15 million headwind. Interest and pension expense guidance is now $40 million, up from our prior guidance of $35 million. And as we invest more in inventory for supply chain resiliency, buying ahead of continued component price increases and the minimum efficient regulatory transition, free cash flow is now expected to be approximately $300 million for the year, compared to prior guidance of $400 million. And stock repurchase guidance is now $300 million for the year, which has been completed, compared to our prior guidance of $400 million. The effective tax rate will be approximately 19% for the full year. Now for the guidance points that are not changing. Freight costs are still expected to be a $20 million headwind. We still expect corporate expenses to be $95 million. And we are still planning for $125 million of capital spending. And we still expect a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 36 million shares for the full year. And with that, let's turn to Slide 11. And I'll turn it back over to Alok to talk to you about our thoughts on 2023 at this time.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Joe. While we will be giving specific guidance on 2023 at our Investor Day in mid-December, I wanted to spend a few minutes today on the different headwinds and tailwinds that are guiding our 2023 outlook. On the headwind side, we are prepared for a decline in residential unit shipments due to the downturn and single-family new housing starts, as well as possible impact on replacement units from rising interest rate environment and broader economic slowdown. On the cost headwind side, we expect the first half of 2023 to continue seeing component inflation. And we also expect some of the current supply chain disruptions to persist in the first half of 2023. For the 2023 tailwinds, we expect to see a price and mixed benefits from minimum efficiency regulatory increase in both residential and commercial. We also see significant carryover and annual price increased benefit. Our 2023 margins will also be favorably impacted by commercial manufacturing, recovery and easing commodity cost. In addition our material cost reduction pipeline will provide meaningful savings as we expect that most of the supply chain inefficiencies will be behind us by the middle of the year. Our commercial and refrigeration businesses have strong demand and backlog into 2023. And all our businesses have shared gain opportunities ahead of us. Bottom-line, even if residential units are down, new construction and macroeconomic softness, we still expect revenue, margin and EPS growth for LII in 2023. Please turn to Slide 12. For some final thoughts before Q&A. I would like to close our prepared remarks by summarizing why I joined Lennox and why I believe LII is an attractive investment opportunity. Lennox is narrowly focused leader in energy efficient, environmentally friendly, climate-controlled solutions. Our innovative products continually reduce global warming potential. We operate in high growth end markets with strong replacement demand that provides us resiliency even during economic uncertainties. The company has a unique direct to dealer network, providing a strong sustainable, competitive advantage. And we have a history of robust execution with discipline capital deployment. In summary, I believe LII is a compelling investment opportunity as we look at 2023 and beyond, and that our best days are ahead. Thank you. Joe, and I will be happy to take your questions now. Operator, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Gautam Khanna. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Hey, thank you guys. Couple of questions. First, I was wondering on the commercial side, as we think about supply chain and get to the root cause of what's happening there. Is there any evidence of well, a, is it getting better? And likewise on the on the high-end residential product? And b, are you seeing anything where maybe you guys aren't getting as strong an allocation from certain suppliers relative to some of your competitors? Is there any evidence of that? And then, lastly, if you could just talk about the CapEx required to build the new commercial facility and the timeline? Thanks.
Alok Maskara: Sure. Gautam, good morning. So on the supply chain side, both for residential and commercial, yes, it is getting better. But I've said this a few times and then something hits like COVID hit once and the Ukraine crisis hit as well. But so far everything that we are seeing things are getting better, maybe not fast enough but they are. Second, we have no concerns or have no evidence to show that the allocation issue is impacting our supply chain performance. We have long, lengthy relationship with our core suppliers. And we believe that, through a lot of the challenges we are facing, are exactly the same as other industry players. So we are not concerned about any of the allocations. On the capital spend, we highlighted for the new factory, it's about $125 million to $150 million. We would for now planning purposes, assume that to be like, evenly split between the two years. But we can give you more guidance on that when we are together for the Investor Day on December 14.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys. Just back on the residential supply chain, like you kind of commented that it's getting better, but it feels like it's getting worse. And I'm just wondering, if there's anything with how you use your supply chain, and a little bit more sourcing from Asia is creating a little bit of a lag or just want to understand, because it just seems like across the board, people are saying things are getting better. And this seems kind of seemed worse.
Alok Maskara: I think I would separate the supply chain situation with the Q3 residential margins. Because if you look purely at the margins year-over-year, you could reach a conclusion that it's getting worse. But frankly, like a few decisions we made in Q3 to expedite materials and spot buy to make sure that we could serve our customers well. And I wouldn't look at our Q3 margins as a indicator, especially the year-over-year change in Q3 margin as a indicator of supply chain. Our inventory levels are getting healthier, our lead times are improving, there is pockets of challenges remaining, especially on the high-end products, which are more dependent on microelectronics and semiconductors. But overall, things are getting better. And I think our guide implies that our Q4 margins on a year-over-year basis will be down less, significantly less than what we saw in q3. So I look at Q3 as a one-time impact of multiple different factors. So I would come back and reiterate Jeff that, no, our supply chains are getting better. Unless another shoe drops that we aren't aware of, we would expect most of the supply chain inefficiencies to be behind us no later than kind of mid next year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, helpful. And then, we started to hear kind of about the pricing changes associated with the regulatory change. Can you just speak to what you're seeing there. And then just as we look at headwinds and tailwinds into next year, it just seems like the tailwinds are much more meaningful than the kind of lingering headwinds maybe just give us a better frame for -- if that's the right way to look at it. Thanks.
Alok Maskara: Sure. So the pricing for the new minimum efficiency products, I mean, when we talked about a double-digit benefit. And clearly, we're going to do our best to make sure that we get the appropriate price benefits. Currently, we remain very confident that will more than recover the additional costs associated with that. Clearly there are nuances which I won't get into in the call on which product series and what. But we remain confident that it's going to be a double-digit increase. And that's consistent with the higher costs and what we're hearing, like acceptable levels from our customers and channel partners. On the second side, yes, I mean, that's a good takeaway. I thought if I put three bullets on the headwind and eight bullets on the tailwind, I would naturally drive everybody to that conclusion that there are more tailwinds than headwinds. The biggest unknown there, Jeff, which we have talked about in the past is, how well is the replacement demand going to hold? We think it's going to hold well. We think the replacement versus repair equation is going to tilt more towards replacement, given the various dynamics, including higher labor costs for repair, and including the Inflation Reduction Act and other pieces that naturally drive people towards replacement. But yes, we'll give you more details in December. But I think that's a fair way to interpret what we said.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Great color, Alok. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Maybe we could start with pricing questions. So maybe putting a finer point on like attempting to loosely quantify the pricing tailwind in 2023. Alok, can you talk about like when you combine the impact of the double-digit improvement due to SEER standard change? And then, think about just the price carryover from the actions that you guys took throughout 2022 that lead into 2023 as that is annualized, is there a sense of how much of a pricing benefit that can be in percentage terms for next year?
Alok Maskara: From a percentage terms, we could probably give you a lot more color in December, as we finished launching all the higher SEER product change. But I mean, we do expect that number to be meaningful, in the first half of the year, we obviously will have a significant carryover benefit on pricing that comes through, and for the full year, there will be annual price increases, and there will be the mix and price benefits from regulatory changes. But at this point, Nicole, I would say I think it's best for us to wait until December, before we can give you like a range of price number. But what we are indicating is that it will be more than any volume decline that we are expecting at this stage on the financial side.
Joe Reitmeier: I will also add to that. Nicole, we expect to be more price cost positive than we were here in 2022.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. That's really helpful. And then maybe just anything you guys are seeing with respect to channel inventory dynamics, obviously, there's a lot of questions about this from investors. And I think that it's especially tough to understand the level of inventory and the channel right now, with what's going on with this SEER standard change. So how do you guys feel about where inventory is in your own distribution as well as allied things?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So in our own distribution, which is where majority of our sales come from/ I think the inventory level is getting healthier, but we're still short on some of the higher end products. And, if we could, we would actually maintain more inventory to ensure that we have all the products that our customers need as they go into the SEER change, which does make it messy. On the independent distribution, which majority of the industry uses, we think inventory levels are getting healthier. In those areas, I do worry about an air pocket, sometime in the near future, driven by lead time improvements, and driven by sort of like the post minimum efficiency change, people may try and resize, the inventory. But I think that's not something we are experiencing now. And that air pocket probably going to be in early next year, as most people are being cautious and will want to keep inventory, sufficient inventory for the SEER change.
Joe Reitmeier: And just to make one more point, the air pocket is more attributable to those that go through to step distribution versus our direct to dealer model.
Alok Maskara: We think that impacts us very little.
Joe Reitmeier: Right.
Nicole DeBlase: Thank you, guys. I'll pass it on.
Operator: We will take our next question from Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to start off with a sort of a question about the fourth quarter. So just wanting to understand is the sort of assumption at the midpoint that you've got, mid high teens, sales growth in Q4, not too different total or across the segments than what you saw in Q3. And then, it's kind of a flattish margin year-on-year in the fourth quarter. So a little bit better year-on-year and that's because of resi. Is that the right way to think about it and kind of still single digit growth in resi volumes in Q4?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. When I sort of step away and look at things year-over-year, particularly in the fourth quarter, I think what we're going to see is more of an impact on the commercial business and fourth quarter margins. We had better margins last year in the fourth quarter. And because of the challenges we have in that business, that's going to be the biggest drag in the fourth quarter on margins. The challenges in the residential business, we intentionally made some investments, to procure inventory to make sure we can serve our customers. And that simply came at a higher cost, which we don't expect to repeat in the fourth quarter of the same degree. And then, our refrigeration business continues to do very well. Net-net, we expect margins for the fourth quarter, even though we typically don't give guidance. I'll give you a little bit insight here, flattish to up slightly in the fourth quarter.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much Joe. And then maybe my follow up would be around kind of cash flow and cash uses. So I think yes, this year you're running at about 60% free cash flow conversion from adjusted net and understood it's because of the supply chain constraints. And then, you have the sort of the CapEx for the new plan the next couple of years. So are we thinking it's, cashflow conversion, headline wise probably doesn't get back to 100% for two or three years. Just wanted to check that's the right way to think about it. And also any context as to the reduction in the buyback guide. Thank you.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, I'll start with the reduction and the buyback. What we did in over the last few months is continue to evaluate what we need production wise to meet end market demand, and continue to look for opportunities to create slack in our supply chain, and also fend off component price increases that will stick come January 1. So we made additional investments in inventory, in lieu with share repurchases, to make sure that we had adequate supply to support our customers going into critically important time in 2023. So that's the trade-off there. And we'll continue to do things with -- the share repurchases to target our desired leverage points of between one and two. We've talked historically about targeting between 1.5 and 2. I think we want to be closer to the midpoint as we embark on 2023. And with respect to free cash flow conversion going forward, the way that I would do it, Julian, is start with the assumption that we're going to deliver free cash flow that approximates net income, and then take the incremental spend of the new manufacturing facility for commercial and adjust cash flow accordingly for that, and that should give you a pretty good proxy, what the next two years cash flow looks like.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Look, maybe first on the new commercial plant, can you give us some sense of the increase in productive capacity that comes with this plant in terms of whether it's square footage or potential revenue outputs, something that kind of frame the size of this increase relative to the current base?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I think, listen, we are working through all the details. And what we did is work backwards from our customers forecast and looked at how much capacity we would need five years from now, 10 years from now and work backwards through that. So the plant may start out with lower capacity, but it will be very much matched to the customer's demand. Other thing, remember, in Stuttgart, we are running much lower than nameplate capacity, given the local challenges and the labor availability. So at this stage, I don't want to give a number. But if it's sufficient to say this plant will give us capacity, at least for the next five to 10 years to keep serving our customers with the forecast they need. Our customers and us, both remain pretty optimistic about commercial replacement demand, especially as, they know the new regulations come in and the ESG benefits that the customers receive. But given a lot of sensitivities around construction timelines, and the impact on our existing facilities, I would rather not give exact details. But rest assured, we have a fairly detailed plan that will execute on within the next two years to make sure we can ramp and start production by the end of 2024 at the new facility.
Jeff Sprague: Understood. And then, just thinking about the SEER change again, and kind of the mix impacts. As you as you exit 22, what percent of the business was at minimum SEER levels across the country in 2022 and, therefore, subject to the mandatory step up?
Alok Maskara: We've always talked about is more than 50%. I mean, the industry number typically hovers about 60%, 65% and we are in a similar range. That number is probably a little higher in 22. Just because the higher end products use more microelectronics and they remain in somewhat short supply but I would use a number of around 60 which is the industry average and that'll apply to us as well.
Jeff Sprague: Great. And then, maybe just one last one just the comment about higher end componentry and the like, is that causing any friction on the new SEER unit so you're talking more 18, 20 SEER kind of up in there where you're having kind of components supply issues?
Alok Maskara: 20, 24, 28, remember we make the highest SEER units and are very well known for that on those that typically go as part of our signature series products. That's where we are seeing shortages, which, unfortunately, like forces a dealer, not to be able to upsell. I mean, our dealers are really good at upselling and getting customers more energy efficient products. And we have just been constrained on that. But we do see that easing as well as we get into 2023.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for the caller.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: First off, you mentioned being prepared for the SEER change. How does your equipment lineup look competitively with the other brands?
Alok Maskara: Ryan, as a CEO, I always believe we are the best in this, right? So listen, a lot of the changes are still being unveiled. We believe that our design with a, keep the box size the same. So the footprint remains optimized. We believe as we have put single stage technology that gives us competitive advantage. We believe our aluminum [heat] [ph] exchangers are better. But I think the most important difference is that for our products, a dealer does not have to change the indoor unit. And just by changing the outdoor unit, they can meet the higher efficiency standard. For many of our competitors, they got to change the indoor unit and the outdoor unit. So listen, I'm biased, but I think we've got a great solution. I think our dealers and end users are going to be well positioned. And we are looking forward to getting some share through the transition.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thanks for that. And then nice job on commercial. I'm curious what inning are we in for increasing production? And then, did you say that in mid-23, you'd be at full production for commercial?
Alok Maskara: While if you follow cricket that we are in the first inning, if you follow baseball, we are probably in the second or third inning on that one. Listen, we are in early innings, labor was a big challenge, we got that. But we're still no way close to meeting our customers full demand or the natural lead time. At minimum, our production should go up another 15%, 20% in the near future. And improving our manufacturing processes is a big deal. I mean, this is not acceptable level of productivity. And finally, now our suppliers have to ramp up with us and these are often smaller suppliers that we have led down in the past few years. So we are working through that. But early innings, probably the second or third inning on a baseball terminology.
Ryan Merkel: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Tommy Moll with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: The 2023 early peak was helpful. I wanted to follow up on one of the comments that you made around resi replacement for next year. Specifically, where you talked about the potential for some volume pressure there in the context of an economic slowdown. How much of that, in your mind is just a repair versus replace dynamic? Or are you also hinting at some discretion with respect to the timing of when a homeowner decides to spend, like, for example, in the context of a existing home sale?
Alok Maskara: No, I think pretty much all of it is a balance between repair and replacement. We continue to believe that this is a non-discretionary spend. Now, would there be a small percentage that people will choose to live with a broken air conditioner, that always there but I think that's negligible. When we think it's purely a repair versus replacement, we're still working through the analysis. We have looked at other recessions and economic uncertain environments in the past. And we think this time around, if there is a softness, the repair versus replacement, will still turn more favorably towards replacement. So I think we continue to believe it's all non-discretionary, and answer that nobody knows. And we just have scenarios around it, is how much of repairs versus replacement trade-off is going to change in a time of economic uncertainty. And we'll do our best to dive it more towards replacement.
Tommy Moll: Yes. Okay. I think that's helpful.
Joe Reitmeier: I think there's also some other variables in play that point things toward -- more towards a replacement versus repair scenario, one is the ultimate 22 dynamic where, there's still a significant number of our 22 units installed, where it's going to be difficult if not punitive to find that refrigerant. Should that be unnecessary repair? Secondly is the minimum efficiency change. So I think that will help us a little bit. And then also, incentives for heat pumps, electrification and all that with government incentives, I think all of that points towards maybe a lower price tag for a replacement scenario, compared to escalating costs in a repair situation. So I think those dynamics are more closely aligned than they were in previously, economic tough times.
Tommy Moll: And as one of your analysts with an R22 system, I'm keenly aware of these dynamics, so personally know all the contexts there. We'll circle back after the call there, for sure. Joe, I did want to ask about interest expense for next year, I know some of your debt is floating rate, is there any way that you could frame based on the information you have now or maybe the rate curve, what the headwind in terms of interest expense might look like next year?
Joe Reitmeier: I'm going to wait until December to clarify that for you, if you don't mind. We still have a lot of work to do on our plan, et cetera, in all of that. So there's lots of moving pieces, various scenarios that we're whittling down at this time. So I don't think it'll be significantly different than wanting to stay will be higher, but it won't be significantly higher than that where it is today.
Tommy Moll: Okay. We'll talk again in December, and thanks for everything. I'll turn it back.
Operator: We will take our next question from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: I wanted to start on the cost side. And if I heard you correctly, I think part of inventory investment might have been sort of an anticipation of seeing component costs go up, but maybe you can clarify that. And then related to that, when you think about sort of the -- within COGS, the raw materials versus the sort of source components exposure that you have, kind of the balance of that. So I mean, likely seeing, I guess, raw materials come down. But what is your anticipation in terms of some of the sourced components? Do you think you see price coming down there? Would you expect that to sort of be flat or even moving higher as we move forward?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Let me start with the inventory piece. Listen, I mean, as we go forward, I mean, we will probably shift that mix a little bit. So we'll have more fixed, more final finished goods, and less raw material. Right now we have higher raw material, given the supply chain lead times -- our own supply chain lead times. So I think that's going to shift a little bit. But overall, we are reaching fairly normal inventory levels. So I think majority of the buildup we have was returning back to normal finish go to level. And in future, we would see that trending in the same way. And in my factories, we always challenged them to say, hey, we will have less raw material, and our warehouses need more finished goods to serve our customers better. But I don't think we break it out historically. And we won't do that right now. Second one, on the component cost side, we are expecting inflation, and we will continue expecting inflation for a few months, they always lag commodities. And our supply team, in some cases, has negotiated some excellent contracts, which means that there's no pricing for next year, maybe index to commodity pricing this year. I mean, that always creates a six to 12-month lag. I think based on that we would expect components to continue being inflationary. But if we take components, commodities, our material cost reduction initiative, put it all together. next year, that will be a positive versus a negative this year. So, this year that was in a net negative in terms of headwind to us. Next year, putting the whole package together will be a tailwind to us and we'll break that out for you in December.
Joe O'Dea: That's all really helpful. And then, I wanted to circle back on minimum efficiency pricing and just so that we kind of do the right math in terms of how much of the portfolio that applies to and so and you talked about, like what percentage of the air conditioning and heat pumps would be at the minimum efficiency level but if we think about sort of total resi. I don't know that the right math is to just say 60% is going up 10% to 15% maybe just kind of help us step through that a little bit?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. A little more complicated than that given the way the transition is particularly on residential, where you can still sell 13 SEER in the North. It just had to be manufactured by December 31st of this year. So I think that's something that will scale that number back a bit. I'm not going to give you the math because I'm not certain of it. So I'm not going to lay it on the table. But I just want to play those dynamics back to you because once again, it is a very difficult thing to get our hands around roughly 50% of the revenue, 60% of the units are minimum efficiency. So you start there and then like I said, you need to consider the timing of the transition and the way that it's laid out in North versus South particularly on the residential side to come up with a tighter number around that. We may give you more color around that in December, but I'm not prepared to do that at this time.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thanks very much.
Operator: We will take our next question from Josh Pokrzywinski from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes. Alok, on the commercial startup here with CO [ph] and then you mentioned you kind of hit a few milestones and stuck, what should we think about is sort of the increments along the way to restoring that $100 million of profitability you talked about because I think on one hand, the reasons that you guys decided for what drove the reduction, it sound like they'd been remedied. So I'm sort of wondering like, what's the next thing to watch and are there any sort of buckets of profit restorations that you would think about as correlating with that?
Alok Maskara: Yes, right before the call, I met Joe Nassab, our President and COO of Commercial, and he said, we got to strike a balance. So I'm going to use his words on making sure we are demonstrating and celebrating progress but acknowledging that we have lots and lots of hard work still ahead of us. The improvements on $100 million is still going to be spread over the next two to three years. A lot of that’s going to come with higher output because our output is still way below nameplate capacity at Stuttgart, a lot of that’s going to come from just manufacturing efficiency. I mean, just our number shows that we have increased staffing by 30%, but output only by 15%. So we should be able to make 15% more products without adding any labor, just simple math on that. And then, there's a lot more benefit that comes from improving our manufacturing processes. I mean, you don't get to the state we got in April with robust manufacturing processes. So we need to establish those processes. And then, finally, as we take the step forward towards SEER change, the price mix benefit that we talked about in residential, also applies to commercial, where some of our national account contract had artificially constrained us on our pricing levels. Put it all together, I mean we are confident of the $100 million, we think it's going to be in three years or less, I hope to deliver it in two but we commit to delivering it in at least three.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's, helpful. And then, I apologize if you’ve covered this earlier, I cut out a couple times during the prepared remarks. But on IRA and some of the heat pump points to watch, I think you guys probably lean a little bit more towards furnace than some of your peers out there. I would imagine that comes at the expense of heat pump. On the other hand though, heat pumps I think in terms of the incremental technology benefit might help you a little bit more in the North, than what they would have historically. I guess, how do you think about both product and channel positioning to maybe kind of execute on that opportunity here?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So you're correct that our heat pump exposure is less than some of our peers, mostly because we serve or have a higher share in the North versus the South. I look it as a huge opportunity for us to increase heat pump penetration. We had strong growth this quarter, just like previous few quarters in heat pumps. Our new cold climate heat pump technology gives us an edge over our competition as heat pump penetration goes from South to North. And I believe Inflation Reduction Act is going to make a meaningful difference for us to increase heat pump penetration and often use the Inflation Reduction Act to go with dual fuel system where you have a heat pump and a furnace in areas where heat pump may not work in the coldest few months but work very well for the remaining nine to ten months. So there are lot more opportunities ahead for us, love to talk and show more of some of these points during the Investor Day. But pretty exciting opportunity for us and the rest of the industry I think it gives us more favorable benefit given our low penetration and our cold climate, the heat pump technology.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Do you think you'll be able to quantify IRA or are we -- sort of ringfence the opportunity at Investor Day?
Alok Maskara: Potentially going to still remain very hard, part of it is, it needs to flow down to states and each of the states come up with their own local regulation. We know it's positive. I don't know if any of us, our sort of peers can give you actual quantification. We can probably point to themes and I'm looking at Joe and he's kind of nodding it, yes, I think it's going to be hard to quantify the exact impact, just because it hasn't flown down to states and utilities and how it's actually going to be implemented.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Understood, appreciate it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: So first of all, what was the independent channel, how did that perform for you in the quarter? I know it was up pretty big last quarter in resi.
Alok Maskara: We serve mostly through the direct on the Lennox and then with Allied and Heatcraft we do go to the independent channel. I would say the growth was similar across the Board. We historically don't break it out but right now the growth was similar across the Board.
Steve Tusa: I think it was breaking out in your 10-Q, or is that, no, you're not going to disclose that anymore?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, we do break it out in the 10-Q, what Alok was talking about is in our formal presentation and prepared remarks, that's what he's referring to.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. To Alok’s point, I think both channels performed almost on par with each other this quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Okay.
Alok Maskara: They're not meaningful enough for us to point it out here.
Steve Tusa: Great. And then just one follow-up question. So I guess what everybody in the industry is now saying is that there's basically zero elasticity in the residential HVAC market. I mean, prices are up 30% to 35%, relative to a couple of years ago, you're going to get another kind of artificial price increase with basically zero return for the consumer in spending that much money and everybody is generally replacing today versus repairing. So you're just saying this market is kind of like, fundamentally bulletproof from elasticity perspective, is that kind of what I'm hearing on residential?
Alok Maskara: No, I don't think we said that the market is pricing elastic. I think what we have to do as industry players, is make sure that we serve our customers best with the right solution. The repair was a replacement dynamics. I'm not saying there'll be no shift. In fact, earlier in the call, we did talk about that there may be a potential shift and what we are doing is preparing for that. I don't think any market ever 100% price in elastic. But the current dynamics do favor more replacement versus repair given some of the factors we talked about. I don't think those SEER change pricing is artificial. I mean, I think that's real. There is real costs associated with it, there's real benefits associated with it, it's driven by regulation that impacts the whole industry but there are lot of unknowns. Our job as leaders is to be prepared for those unknowns and react in the best interest of our shareholders as those different factors play on, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Yes. I guess what I was just saying was that the consumer doesn't really care about regulation or any of that. So for them, that's just another 10% price increase, that are not and they’re not worried about your increasing cost and there's really not a payback associated with it. So, just one more question for you. What in kind of the new efficiency systems, what is the average cost of install to replace one of these things now, in your view in the channel? It's kind of your average, as you look across your fleet. If I'm a consumer and I'm replacing, what is that average now, cost?
Alok Maskara: So first of all, let me thanks for bringing up the cost of install, because to a consumer, the cost of equipment is often less than the cost of install. But that obviously depends on whether you are in Topeka, Kansas, or whether you're in New York City. I mean, that obviously varies substantially based on the cost of labor. But the cost of equipment on average is less than half of the total cost to the consumer, given the cost of installing and supplies and labor and other pieces that are put out on to that. We don't have a number, because it does vary so much to give you in terms of what's the average cost of install and the industry data that you can, I'm sure well aware of. But in our view that has gone up substantially as well over the past few years. And last thing I would say there is a benefit to the consumer with higher SEER changes as lower electricity cost. Most consumers may not see that on their daily bills or may not be fully aware of it, but there is a benefit to the consumer in terms of lower energy consumption that is meaningful when energy prices are at a record high sometimes.
Steve Tusa: Great. That’s the sort of color. I really appreciate it.
Operator: We will take our next question from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: So look, I think that you raised the point about the alternative pricing as a driver of replaced versus repair. I think this is a really important debate, because it's something that we hear a lot of debate about in the field. There are drop in refrigerants like [R-407, R-438] [ph] et cetera, that can replace an R-22 at much lower prices and have performance very similar. Are we not seeing that happening? I mean, you haven't got to pay R-20 prices at this point. So I'm just wondering what the view is on that?
Alok Maskara: Specifically to the R-22 unit, you have to consider the cost of refrigerant along with many other factors such as the age of the equipment, the potential life left in the compressors and the motors. So you're right. I mean, it's not just that. I mean we look at that as a significant installed base, that's upcoming due for replacement anyway and the fact that the refrigerant cost is much higher gives our dealers an opportunity to talk to the homeowner about how it can be replaced with a more efficient unit, more environmentally friendly refrigerant with warranty, with potential benefits from the Inflation Reduction Act in terms of rebates. So I think it's a whole package, you got to look together. Yes, there is a huge debate, and we are part of that debate, in terms of repair versus replacement and I think you and I have talked about before -- nobody knows the answer, they're all different models. And our goal as a team to drive it towards replacement that's beneficial to the consumer, but be prepared towards any possibilities. If the consumer chooses repair, we want to make sure we provide them with the repair parts and then we'll talk to the -- if it shifts in that dynamic we'll come and talk to you all about here the shift we are seeing.
Nigel Coe: Right. And then just a quick one on the IRA, we beat this one to death. But you alluded a lot, this is, don't hold your breath, this is government thing, the COGS turn slowly, are we thinking here this as more of a 2024? I mean certainly, if you look at the disbursements and the budgets, CDO [ph] productions is much more 24 than 23. But when do you think your contractors and dealers can go out and actually start selling customers on these benefits?
Alok Maskara: I think it starts in some states next year and in some of the states which are faster to roll this out and I do expect like the -- along the coast you might see it sooner. Some of it will be in 2024. I mean, it is a good piece for our dealers to be able to start talking about it now. I mean, if you see from press releases from us and all our competition, it's already being used and there are already some rebates available with utilities and states that are not tied to IRA. But this gives our dealer an opportunity to go talk to consumer about a rebate that may already be existing. But the actual impact of IRA, I think it starts in ‘23 and goes into ’24 and it’s just hard to quantify without knowing full details of the roll out yet.
Nigel Coe: Great. Well, thanks a lot. Appreciate that.
Operator: Our next question will come from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: So I might have missed this earlier but can you parse out the commercial growth this quarter? How much pricing came through this quarter versus volumes? And then, also, if there's any commentary on commercial orders, that'd be helpful.
Alok Maskara: Yes. I think we mentioned in the script that the pricing for commercial was 9%, the total growth was 20%, so you think of it 11% from core unit volume and 9% from pricing. We don't typically break out order information. But I mean the orders remain healthy and currently are at or above our sales rate. So our backlog continues to build and in addition to the backlog or a book, there's also anticipated demand as many of the key customers are working with us on planned replacements here as they need to meet their ESG criteria. And at least here there's a very sophisticated decision about repair versus replacement because through our national account service, we have huge insights into potential break down than replacements coming up. So it's all positive in terms of, I think pricing is picking up, volumes holding strong and we have good insights into orders on the book and future orders beyond what's in the book.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, that's helpful. And then it was nice to see a lot of the margin expansion this quarter, both sequentially and I mean year-over-year basis in commercial. I know that there's some seasonality in the business of 4Q and 1Q tend to be seasonally lower quarters. I'm just curious, as you're kind of thinking through the margin progression from here, are these margins that can hold or do you expect the margins kind of take a step back at least from an absolute level sequentially because of the seasonality in the business?
Alok Maskara: So a couple of things, right. Overall, for Lennox, our margins are going to go up in the future. So I think the current margin levels are lower than what I expect a year from now, two years from now or three years from now and we'll talk more about that on the Investor Day. Q4, specifically you're right, margins are seasonally low and quite a few of our manufacturing lines are going to go through a transition as we shift to minimum efficiency products, especially on the commercial side. Hence, we hinted that in Q4, the commercial margins may take a step back, but that’s planned change over where our factories lines need to be just reworked and shut down to support the new products. But overall on margins, listen we were a little disappointed with the resi margins this quarter but we understand some of the one-time factors and the mix impact. We are cautiously guarded for Q4 but we are optimistic about margins in the future. Like as we look at 2023 and beyond.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Thank you and one more quick one, just on the commercial facility that's coming online that you expect to be fully operational by, I think you said 2024. Right now commercial end markets to your point the orders are strong. Who knows where we're going to be in 2024? I guess the question I have for you is, you're adding capacity in that facility? How much leeway are you going to have to basically adjust to maybe changes in the market dynamics that -- if we're in a much different place on non-residential construction or commercial HVAC in 2024? What will you be able to do to kind of adjust your capacity to ensure that you're not taking significantly high decremental margins if the market will return?
Alok Maskara: I know that that was part of the concern and the equation we went through. There may be a short-term softness two years from now which none of us would know. First of all, I think the new facility gives us a lot of flexibility. I mentioned in my script that the hourly labor costs at the new facility would be 80% lower than our hourly labor cost at our current facility. Also, the new facility is close to our residential facility, which gives us flexibility in moving labor around if we need to between an optimizing it collectively, as Lennox International. So yes, I think we will have significant flexibility to react as we have done in the past, in terms of ensuring that margin degradation is minimal as we go through any volume decline based on external factors. Having two facility will give us a lot more flexibility than if we only had one when things went south economically.
Joe Reitmeier: In addition to that also remind you, I think everyone knows these are variable -- our costs are roughly 85% variable when it comes to product costs. So it's not a high capital-intensive business, where it would be catastrophic to decremental margins should volume decline.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: We have reached our allotted time for Q&A. That was our last question. That concludes today's presentation. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International's Second Quarter Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2022. I'm here today with CEO, Alok Maskara; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Alok will discuss the highlights from the quarter and key strategic developments and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook for 2022. After that, Alok will provide closing comments and take us into Q&A. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. The earnings release with GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations, today’s presentation slides, and the webcast link for today’s conference call are available on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast also will be archived on the site for replay. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period, unless otherwise noted. Turning to Slide 2, I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to CEO, Alok Maskara.
Alok Maskara: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I have enjoyed meeting with many of you since I started on May 9 and I look forward to more conversations so that I can continue to get insights and perspectives from all our key shareholders. I'm happy to kick off my first Lennox earnings call by reporting a record quarter with record revenue, record EBIT, and record EPS driven by strong growth. Before I begin, I want to thank all our employees for their hard work towards improving service levels given the global supply chain disruptions. It is their hard work and perseverance that has enabled us to deliver record revenues and profits. Please turn to Slide 3, where I want to highlight four key messages. One, we had a record quarter driven by continued strong execution in our Residential and Refrigeration segments. Company revenue was a record at more than 1.3 billion, up 10%. Adjusted earnings per share was a record as well at $5 per share, up nearly 10%. Our turnaround efforts in our commercial factory in Stuttgart remains on track and we are pleased with the sequential improvement in our quarterly results. However, supply chain disruptions continue to constrain production and our ability to meet strong demand. Second, we continue our disciplined capital allocation strategy as we repurchased 100 million of stock and paid 33 million in dividends in the second quarter as we generated $97 million in cash from operations in the quarter. Third, the company continued to advance its strategic priorities with a focus on innovation and ESG. I will talk more about these in a moment, but we are the first company to complete the Department of Energy's Cold Climate Heat Pump Challenge and we recently published our latest ESG report that includes the company's science based targets. Fourth, we are increasing our full-year revenue guidance and are also raising the low end of our full-year EPS guidance range. Now please turn to Slide 4 to discuss the company's recognition for being the first to achieve the objectives of the DOE Cold Climate Heat Pump Challenge. Homeowners in colder climates have traditionally relied on fossil fuel heating for their homes. The DOE challenge was created to accelerate cold climate heat pump advancements for colder climates and revolutionized the HVAC industry with a solution that offers comfortable cooling and heating, while significantly lowering greenhouse gas emissions. In June, I was honored to host the Secretary of Energy Jennifer Granholm, who traveled to the Dallas area to recognize the Lennox team for the accomplishments and advancements in affordable, clean and efficient heating and cooling solutions. Lennox takes great pride in designing, manufacturing, and delivering the most efficient climate controlled products on the market. Even before the challenge, the Lennox advanced technology team was already working on the development of a Cool Climate Heat Pump to add to our extensive line of best-in-class heat pump products already on the market. The cold climate heat pump represents our dedication as a company to accelerating environmental sustainability through ongoing product innovations, advances in efficiency gains, and greenhouse cat emission reduction targets. Turning to Slide 5, our 2021 ESG report has been published and is now available on our website. Beyond our leadership in heat pumps and dedication to decarbonization, our latest ESG report highlights that our emission reduction targets are now approved by the science based target initiative. This initiative is focused on climate action in-line with the goals of the Paris agreement to help prevent the worst impacts of climate change. The ESG report covers how we are meeting or exceeding our improvement targets in environmental, as well as the continual progress we are making in diversity and inclusion, and of course strong governance is fundamental and the bedrock of Lennox. I encourage all our stakeholders to read the report and continue following our ESG progress. Now, I will hand the call over to Joe to discuss the second quarter financials on Slide 6. 
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Alok, and good morning, everyone. Looking at the second quarter for Lennox International overall, the company posted record revenue of $1.37 billion, up 10% as reported and up 11% at constant currency. GAAP operating income was a record $227 million, up 5%, and in the chart, you see that total segment profit rose 4% to a new record $230 million. Total segment margin was 16.8%, down 110 basis points, primarily due to inflationary pressures, global supply chain disruptions, and factory inefficiencies. GAAP EPS was a record $4.96, up 10% and adjusted EPS was a record $5, up 9%. Moving to the business segments, starting on Slide 7, you will see a record quarter for residential in revenue and profit. Against the 30% prior year revenue growth comparison, residential revenue came in at a record $978 million, up 17%. Price was up 13% and volume was up 5%. Mix was down 1% as we still saw supply constraints on our high-end products in the second quarter and we expect this to be the case through the second half of the year.  Residential replacement sales were up mid-teens and new construction was up high-teens. Residential segment profit rose 14% to a record $216 million. Segment margin contracted 50 basis points to 22.1%. Cooling degree days were favorable in the prior year quarter in the Southeast and South Central regions in the U.S. but cooler elsewhere. We opened two new Lennox stores in the second quarter and are targeting 20 to 30 new stores this year [weighted] [ph] to the second half, and we now have 235 Lennox stores. Now, turning to Slide 8 in our commercial business. Revenue was $220 million, down 13%. Volume was down 22%, price was up 4%, and mix was up 5%. Commercial segment profit was down 62% to $17 million, and segment margin contracted 1,010 basis points to 7.8%. Commercial end market replacement demand remains strong and we have made significant progress in hiring factory direct labor at our factory in Arkansas to support that, but supply chain disruptions continue to significantly impact the equipment business. Commercial improved sequentially in the second quarter and we focused on prioritizing key national account customers and school business during the summer months. We announced a third commercial price increase of August 1 and continue to expect commercial improvement in the second half of the year. Looking at our Refrigeration business on Slide 9, you see second quarter record revenue and profit. Refrigeration revenue was $169 million, up 14% as reported, price was up 12%. Volume was up 9% and mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a negative 6% impact, so revenue growth at constant currency was 20%, led by more than 30% growth in North America. Order rates and backlog remained strong and in Europe, Refrigeration revenue was up high single digits at constant currency, Europe commercial HVAC was up mid-single-digits at constant currency. The geopolitical environment is weighing on the market regionally and supply chain disruptions continue to impact our European operations. Overall, for the Refrigeration segment, profit rose 73% to $23 million and segment margin expanded 470 basis points to 13.8%. Turning to Slide 10. Let's review our 2022 full-year guidance. We are raising revenue growth guidance to 10% to 15% up from a prior range of 7% to 11%. For the industry, we continue to assume low-single-digit shipment growth in the North American Residential market and mid-single-digit shipment growth in North American Commercial unitary and Refrigeration markets. We are raising the low-end of our guidance for GAAP and adjusted EPS to a range of $13.80 to $14.50, compared to the prior range of $13.50 to $14.50. Price is now expected to be a $400 million benefit for the year, which is a 9.5% yield and this is up from our prior guidance of $335 million in price. Residential mix is expected to be a $25 million headwind for the full-year, compared to the prior year guidance of being neutral. This is primarily due to continued supply disruptions that are impacting the high-end of our product lines. Commodity cost inflation is now expected to be $130 million, down from the prior guidance of $140 million. However, we are still seeing inflationary pressures on components and other materials and now expect a $100 million headwind, compared to prior guidance of a $70 million headwind for other components. Factoring efficiencies are now expected to be a $15 million headwind, compared to prior guidance of being neutral and freight costs are now expected to be a headwind of $20 million, up from prior guidance of $15 million. Interest and pension expense guidance is $35 million, down from prior guidance of $40 million. Other guidance points are not changing. We still expect corporate expense to be $95 million. The effective tax rate is still expected to be between 18% to 20% and foreign exchange is still expected to be neutral for the full-year. We are planning for $125 million capital expenditures, and then regarding free cash flow for this year, the third quarter has a solid start with continued hot weather, and as we get into the other side of the summer season, we have more of a read on macroeconomic – on the macroeconomic environment with rising interest rates, as well as the supply chain and our progress of converting raw materials and whip into finished goods and shipments, we will know more. We are maintaining free cash flow guidance of approximately $400 million this time for the full-year, as well as $400 million of total stock repurchases for the year with $300 million already completed. We still expect a weighted average diluted share count of approximately 36 million for the full-year. Now with that, let's turn to Slide 11 and I'll turn it back over to Alok.
Alok Maskara: Thank you, Joe. Looking at the second half, we are mindful of a potential slowdown in the U.S. economy. And with interest rates rising, a potential decline in residential new construction. We are prepared and have contingency plans in place, but to be clear, that's not what we are seeing in our business today. Demand continues to run ahead of our ability to fully satisfy our customers as supply chain constraints persist. Due to the supply chain challenges, factory inefficiencies continue to impact performance, especially at our Arkansas factory for commercial. As we look ahead, we have a strong backlog and order rates across residential, commercial, and refrigeration.  Commodity inflation is easing and our ongoing productivity and material cost initiatives will positively impact the business and be evident as the supply chain normalizes. Before we go to Q&A, let me close our prepared remarks on Slide 12, by summarizing why I believe Lennox is a great company and what excites me most about being the CEO of Lennox. A company with 127 years of history and a [Technical Difficulty] value driven culture. We are the leader in energy efficient climate control solutions operating in high growth end market with strong replacement demand. We have an ESG mindset and are narrowly focused on HVACR. The company has innovative products with a unique direct to dealer network and we have a history of robust execution and disciplined capital deployment. Thank you for listening. Joe and I will be happy to take your questions now. Operator, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We're going to start question-and-answer with the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you very much and welcome, Alok. I hope it's been a smooth start so far. I suppose…
Alok Maskara: Thanks Julian. Good morning. Excited to be here.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Maybe just a first question around that commercial business and how you're thinking about the pace of margin improvement there as you go through the third and fourth quarters, it does sound like you're becoming more satisfied or less dissatisfied with the, sort of plant efficiency there. So, what kind of maybe margin exit rate could we see entering into 2023, for example, in the Commercial segment?
Alok Maskara : Julian, great question. I would hate to give you a number now. We are still in the midst of a turnaround. And I was pleased to see sequential improvement and our long-term goal of getting that business to an 18% to 20% range in margin still remains valid, but given the shortage of components that – not just Lennox, the whole industry is facing right now, and the disruption in supply, I think it's a little early for us to give a specific number for Q3 and Q4. Our focus on commercial remains serving our customers, protecting our key accounts, serving our school based, and personally, I will be expecting small, but steady sequential improvements in the business going forward. But it's going to be slower than our like, slower than our shareholders would like, but we are making good steady progress, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: That's good to hear. Thank you. And then maybe my second question just around the, sort of any sense of the weighting of earnings between Q3 and Q4, anything unusual this year because of price cost and in terms of how that plays out? And I guess to, sort of put a finer point on it, if we're looking at say Slide 10, you've got a very good summary on the right hand side that you ran through. If we're thinking about the price of [400] [ph] and the commodity cost of minus 130, how do we think about those in the second half versus the first half, those two numbers?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. Julian, I think you can almost mirror the price where we've got 400 million of price out there, 225 million we've already captured first half, 175 million second half. I would split the cost almost accordingly with respect to that, and then the cadence or seasonality of earnings, I think we're getting more and more close to what I would characterize as more routine or normal seasonality within our business. Last year it was a little bit disrupted given the strong first half we have when we were up significantly first half and then things seem to slow down second half. Things seem to be just the opposite this year, where we had a little bit slower start. The first half largely because of the tough comps, but that momentum continues in the second half. And I think once again, we'll get back to more normal earnings seasonality, if you were to look back to 2017, 2018 timeframe.
Alok Maskara: And Julian, I would just add to that to remind that the second half pricing is going to appear to be lower just because we start lapping ourselves on price increases that we did last year. So, it doesn't mean we are giving back price or anything, like we are clearly going to hold price, right.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thanks Alok, and Joe.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Good morning, guys.
Alok Maskara: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So, just back on commercial, how are you thinking about, kind of the balance between the headwinds being supply chain and the headwinds being labor and just, kind of update us on progress on recapturing the labor in Stuttgart? And any thoughts around, kind of diversifying production within commercial long-term?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So, I think commercial turnaround remains a huge focus of ours. On the labor situation, the actions we took earlier in the year are bearing fruit and we are now meeting our hiring goals and our retention goals. So, I think while you don't declare victory on that, I think labor situation is now under control and our biggest bottleneck at this stage remains availability of components and improving factory processes to get the right quality output. I guess from a going forward perspective, as I look at supply chain, clearly, we got to diversify our supply chain, get more than one supplier, but there are some industry wide part shortages that we are dealing with. And that remains our focus. On your longer-term question, Jeff, yes, I mean, listen, this is a growth industry. We have previously talked about our desire to have a second factory and we remain committed to that thought process. We're going to go a little slower than what we may have thought simply because if we take a factory with poor processes and replicate it, I will have two factories with poor processes. So, I think we're going to take our time to make the right decision, find the right location, and improve the processes, but be on the lookout. When we have the Investor Day in December, we'll give you more color on it, Jeff, but we remain committed to expanding capacity and winning back the share that we might have lost through this disruption.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. That's good color, Alok. Just on some of the early feedback on this seer and some of the regulatory changes and the cost price component into 2023 around that has been coming in higher. And I'm just – maybe just speak to one, your readiness for the change in kind of the redesigns you're doing and what you think the inflation around the regulatory changes into 2023 look like? Thanks.
Alok Maskara : Sure. So, the answer is, we are 100% ready. This is a smaller change than what us and the industry have dealt with in the past. We went from 10 to 13 in the past. I mean, we are going from 13 to 14, not 14 to 15. So, I think we are 100% ready and I believe overall the whole industry is going to be ready. We are in the most inflationary time that we have ever seen in our careers, at least a few of us. So, clearly, I think this is a great opportunity for us and the industry to make sure that we capture the full value of the seer change in pricing. We intend to do so. So, I think if you're seeing indication in the industry that the price is going to be better, I think that's good discipline and that helps us to invest more in products that are environmentally friendlier and the newer technology. So, we are 100%. The value will be captured in price and if anything, I think the industry margin should expand because of the change. And I don't expect any huge stock up or pre-buy just because at least we still remain in a supply constrained environment, not a demand constrained environment.
Jeff Hammond : Okay. Good color. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hi. Good morning. Congrats on the new role. Hello.
Alok Maskara: Thank you.
Gautam Khanna: I have a couple of questions. First, I was curious if you could speak to – the long-term framework that the company has provided in the past for financial guidance has been somewhere around mid-single-digit sales growth of 30% incrementals. Do you agree – do you largely buy into that framework?
Alok Maskara: I do. And the reason we didn't talk about long-term guidance this quarter because there is no change to it. So, there is no update and I think we have previously said that, I wouldn't expect any updates just because there's a new CEO. I mean, if we need to change things because of macroeconomic conditions or something else, but yes, I mean, I risk the incrementals of 35% and I'm looking at Joe is smiling as I say that, but no, there is no change or update to that Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And we've seen a dip in copper, aluminum, and steel costs. Could you update us on how quickly those could – the spot rates that we've seen in the last quarter can flow through the P&L and what you mentioned component costs are still rising? And so, just maybe if you could square the percentage of COGS that comes from [raws] [ph] versus components and how it all kind of could [nets] [ph] benefit next year, if at all?
Alok Maskara : Sure. At this stage, as commodity cost ease, I mean, Joe already mentioned that we have reduced some of our guidance range from – by $10 million, if the cost is more, we might see slightly more benefits, but frankly, most of the benefit of any commodity easing is likely to be in 2023 because given the inventory we hold and the pre-buys, we all have done for locking in commodity pricing, the impact is going to be in the Q4 2023 timeframe. I'll let Joe talk about, sort of the walk between the different pieces, but keep in mind that beyond the commodity and the component costs, we have many other inflationary pressures such as labor costs, such as healthcare costs, such as real estate costs, but Joe, please feel free to add any more color to that.
Joe Reitmeier : Yes, I think that's correct. We did take the commodity guide down 10 million and that's for the benefit of what we see in the second half of the year, net of our hedge positions. And if commodity costs remain where they're at today, what we'll see is we'll see a lift in the second half of 2023. Once again largely become [aware] [ph] prices were in the first half and then also where we have prices locked in with our hedge positions.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just a last one. Have you seen any – if you could talk about the supply chain, where things still are – what your visibility is to things improving? Where are pinch points getting worse? Where they've been stable? Where are they getting better? Just if you could talk to that?
Alok Maskara : Sure. So, I'll say for things such as freight and availability of freight, things are getting better. So, I think that's an industry wide phenomenon. We like that. If you look at availability of sort of components, it's a mixed bag. I think there are quite a few components, which is getting better, but in some commercial components, we seem to be facing industry wide shortages, right. So, I think that's something that we have to continue watching out for. The whole issue around semiconductor microchips, I mean, that remains our biggest pinch point right now. And despite redesigns, despite adding vendors, we still expect to see significant improvement only in early 2023 at this stage, but net-net, the positive here is that things are no longer getting worse. I mean for the longest time as we looked at it, we kept finding new things as we played [whack em' all] [ph]. So we're still playing a bit of [whack em' all] [ph], but it's on existing things and we don't see anything specifically getting worse. But every time I say something positive, I turn out to be wrong here. So, let's be cautious as we go forward. The team is working extremely hard. We have a very talented team that continuously watches and monitors the performance of our supplier base.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you and good morning, everyone.
Alok Maskara: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, Alok. Hey, Joe. A lot of ground code already. I'd be interested in a little bit more context from, kind of an overall portfolio thought process Alok. You expressed a lot of comfort and the fact that you like that the company is basically a pure play company. So, it doesn't sound like you have big strategic moves on your mind, but as you've settled in there a little bit and looked at the portfolio, do you see opportunities for bolt-ons in various areas? Also a lot of discussion about commercial, but I just wonder about refrigeration and what work you might need to do there that to get the margins on even better trajectory?
Alok Maskara: Sure. So Jeff, I think the view hasn't changed. We like being focused. We like being HVACR and we will continue doing so. So, yes, if your big strategic thing means if I'm going to go buy a smoke alarm company probably not. I mean, we're not going to be doing that. So, I think from that perspective, that's good. But being a smaller player in a larger industry, we have another lower market share among the Top 4 companies. We see tons of opportunities for bolt-on. Tons of opportunities for product expansion. Tons of opportunities for geographic expansions within U.S. and outside U.S. So, yes, I do see significant opportunities there. On Refrigeration, it's a good business. There are pockets that are better than others and that's a review that's ongoing for us as we look through it. Of course, our short-term focus is to improve the performance of the business. I believe every business unit within the Refrigeration segment has an opportunity to do better and that's what I want the team to focus on. As we look through the overall situation and come back and present to you in December on how we will take each of our business segments to a higher margin level. So, still remain very excited about the portfolio, still continue to evaluate lots of bolt-on and partnership opportunities, and yes, we would not be going into far adjacencies in any big bold strategic move because I think that's not who Lennox is.
Jeff Sprague: Great. And could you elaborate a little bit on how you're thinking about share gain or share recapture? I would assume it's maybe a, kind of a dealer oriented strategy, but I'll let you answer. Any color there would be appreciated.
Alok Maskara: Sure, Jeff. I think the first thing for us is to be able to restore our supply and manner fracturing capability. We had a history of share gain or maintaining share. And ever since the Marshalltown tornado, we have struggled to recapture share or gain share. So, our first focus is going to be restoring our manufacturing capability. So, salespeople, instead of apologizing to dealers for not having products, are going to spend more time getting new dealers on board. So, I think that's our number one piece, right. Second for us is relying on our innovative new products. And we have quite a few, but again given supply conditions, we have not been able to fully market and launch those to gain share. Let's take heat pumps as an example that we talked about. Third one is just proven strategy, opening new stores. When we didn't have enough products, we didn't open new stores because those stores would be half empty, but as we get inventory to be in a better spot, you're going to go back to opening new stores. And yes, if I package it all together, of course, we need to add more dealers, of course, we got to get back into the commercial, the curbside replacement business, which we have, sort of walked away from. And of course, we got to expand our geographical footprint. There are pockets of U.S. where our market share is much lower just because of our historical footprint and no other reason. So, I'm very excited about the opportunity to gain share. We believe we have strong value propositions and our dealers love our value proposition that we are direct-to-market and don't have to go through a distributor all the time. So, I think there's lots of opportunities and we'll tell you more in December, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks. Good luck.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. I wanted to go back to the question about the SEER change impact for 2023, how much are you raising prices on basis for 2023 because of the SEER change?
Alok Maskara : Ryan, we haven't declared the price for our 2023 lineup yet, but at minimum if you think we are going from 13 to 14 or 14 to 15, you should think of that being baked into the price, right? This percentage SEER change baked into percentage price, but clearly, there are many more complicating factors and it depends also on where we are in the inflationary cycle, but yes, we do expect to capture that on price, but we haven't announced a price level for our 23 line [indiscernible], Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. And what percent of sales would this change impact?
Alok Maskara: As you know, the lowest or sort of the base layer typically accounts to 50% to 60% of the industry sales and we expect the new SEER would be about the same. Now, we hope to use the opportunity to upsell the consumers on a higher SEER product because we still make the, like the highest SEER products in the industry. But I think a 50% to 60% number, Ryan, which has historically been true, will remain for the shutdown.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, makes sense. And then I will follow-up on commercial. There's a view that commercial could buffer potentially slower resi demand in Q3. So, how is quoting and booking trends looking? And do you have enough backlog that extends into [Technical Difficulty], such that there could be a buffer?
Alok Maskara : April resi slows, which as we mentioned earlier, we haven't seen signs in our order book, but it could be masked because of the weather patterns we're having. Yes, I do think commercial should be a buffer. A, based on volume; b, for us also based on the margin opportunity, because remember our commercial margin opportunity is probably larger than others, given that our current state is challenging. The whole industry, not just us, at this point, we are sold out for 2022. So yes, we do have backlog for 2023 as well, but some of those backlog is still tentative as we work through pricing, availability, and design. In the short-term, we are extremely busy just in the 2022 order, but as residential slows, I agree with you, Ryan. I think commercial should give us buffering both from volume and from margin perspective.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning all and welcome to the call.
Alok Maskara : Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just want to follow-up on an earlier comment, Joe, that I think you made in terms of recognizing commodity deflation, really more in the second half of 2023 based on the hedges. I guess that sounds like, I don't know, couple of quarters later than history. And I guess as it pertains to steel, I'm kind of unaware that [mills] [ph] would let you lock out that far. So, just wondering if there's something, kind of unusual about this environment in terms of that duration, kind of driving that later than expected realization there?
Joe Reitmeier: Not really, maybe earlier, Josh. Once again, it's pretty volatile at this time. Once again, it's the year-over-year comps that I was referring to. It does take a little bit of time for those components because we pre-build inventory earlier in the year to work their way through inventory into cost of sales or on the P&L and that's really the dynamic that I was counting on.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Got it. And then just second question…
Alok Maskara: Josh, that was just to know, you and I both would be happier if it falls through sooner, right? So, I think what Joe's saying, no later than second half, right. So, let's see where volatility takes us.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Okay. Fair enough. Yes, I guess the last six months have probably humbled a lot of people trying to forecast input prices. On the SEER change and kind of price impacted that in the marketplace, look, if I look back to 2015 and the regional SEER standard that took over that year, I think price mix for a lot of the industry was like low-single-digit to best and probably no different than a normal year. I'm just wondering what's kind of unique about this point in time where you would think that would be higher, especially with some of the deflation coming in and a couple of folks having ceded share with supply chain interruptions?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I mean, I could start by saying, I wasn't here in 2015, so maybe we didn't raise price as much. But I think in all seriousness, we are in an extremely inflationary environment globally on every product. And I think the discipline set of competition that we have, everybody is going to look at this opportunity, to make sure we capture the full value of it. I mean a consumer has to keep in mind that the equipment costs are less than half of the total cost that they are paying for and there’s a strong replacement component, and there’s an energy efficiency benefit. So, I can’t answer the question on 2015, but in today's supply constrained environment where labor, material, all the inflation has been high, I would expect the SEER change to drive incremental price benefits for us and for the industry.
Joe Reitmeier: And I would also add there, Josh, it's also going to come with a bit of a mix benefit as well. Remember, I believe the last SEER change only covered half the country. So, this one is the whole country. So, I think that will present a little bit different dynamic. And then once again, it will be a combination of both price and mix benefit in 2023 from the SEER conversion. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Appreciate it. Best of luck to you both.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. 
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. By the way, I love the slides. So that's a nice innovation I guess. Just on the…
Joe Reitmeier: We did promise that in the last conference that we would have slide, Nigel. So, I'm glad you noticed.
Nigel Coe: There you go. There you go. I notice these things. It's good. But first of all, Alok nice to see you on board. So, the [Technical Difficulty] price for the full-year, I mean, how does that look by business? And the spirit of the question is, obviously commercial with 4% prices lagging behind. So, just wondering if we're going to see some catch up on price in the back half of the year? And maybe that could be a force for improving margins for commercial in the back half, but on the commercial business, I'm just wondering how we view normal margins for that business? And again, just thinking about the labor increases, the labor cost increases we've seen at the facility, does that in any way pinch longer-term margins for commercial?
Alok Maskara: Yes, lots of good questions. So, let me start by talking about sort of pricing. So, I think your observation is correct. Commercial is lagging behind on pricing, but they are doing better than what they did in Q1. So, we are pleased with sequential improvement. That's a business, as you know, is heavily dependent on key accounts. So, as the key accounts negotiations continue, we are moving forward and we're getting more. And it was mentioned in the script that we have announced another price increase that goes into effect August 1. So, I would expect commercial to catch up on pricing. Additional thing to keep in mind is that the SEER change that's coming in 2023 would require a new set of products, which means there's an opportunity to establish new price levels since the current contracts do not describe price levels for the new product, which are necessary and mandated by 2023. So, I do expect a step change in price for commercial as we approach 2023? The labor cost is a unique thing. So, as we go through the math to your question, first of all, hourly labor is not a huge portion of our labor cost. So, that's one, right. Second, I think we are taking the opportunity to upskill our workforce and offset some of those increases based on higher quality, lower scrap, and also in the long-term looking at a second location, which is likely going to be in a lower labor location, lower labor cost location versus where we are now. So, in the short-term for a quarter or so, is it an headwind? Yeah. Is it material in the big scheme of things? No. I think there are other things such as just our scrap and over time, that all kills us more than the higher hourly wages. So, I don't have lots of detail probably more than you wanted, but yes, commercial needs to catch up on price and we are confident that we'll do better in the second half, and we're even more confident that we'll do better in 2023.
Nigel Coe: Okay. No, no, we like details. So, don't worry about that. But again, come back to [indiscernible] price for the full-year. And maybe just what are we [baked] [ph] into residential that number? Maybe if you could just clarify, does the SEER change? Is that baked in at all to that number? I think that's more of a mix in the price, but that's [split and has] [ph], but just want to make sure that's not in the numbers.
Joe Reitmeier : Yes, we've got it all broken. We've not given price by segment, but it's probably not much different if you were to do the math on what you see in the first half of the year by each segment. Once again, we just instituted another price increase in commercial that will give us more of a lift in the back half of the year and going into 2023. But once again, I'm not going to breakdown price by business, but once again, we remain confident that we're going to deliver 400 plus million at a minimum.
Nigel Coe: Thanks Joe. Thanks Alok.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Alok Maskara : Good morning, Steve.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Steve. 
Steve Tusa: Congrats. on the post here and I echo – I agree with Nigel, great to see the slides and a little bit easier to absorb in a busy morning. Just on the free cash flow, how do we expect that to play out for 3Q and 4Q? Is that – I mean, I know 3Q is obviously seasonally heavier. So, should we expect more of it to come in 3Q or more of a flush in 4Q?
Joe Reitmeier: I think it will be more of a flush in [4Q] [ph], to be honest with you Steve. Another thing that we're going to continue to keep our eye on is availability of raw materials. And if we have the opportunity to carry more raw materials than normal to prevent some of the disruptions we see in the supply chain, we may do that later in the year. They may have implications on free cash flow, but don't think it will be material, but we'll have to just keep an eye on that as well. But those are sort of the things that I would expect. Once again, probably getting back to what I would characterize as a more normal seasonality of our cash flow. Once again pre-tornado.
Steve Tusa: And then as far as the seasonality of your earnings in the second half, should that be pretty normal, just remind us of what that split would be just at a roughly? 
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, I think if you were to invert the second and first quarter this year and the third and fourth quarter of this year, I think you'll come up pretty close.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. And then one last one. Where are you in terms of your independent channel and loading it for the new SEER products?
Alok Maskara: Sure. As you know, in residential, most of our – majority of our sale or vast majority of our sales go direct to dealer. So, there's clearly no loading going on. Some of these guys may buy garage load or so, but they're not doing that. On the allied or the distribution channel, we remain in supply constrained world. So, we not currently have any plans to preload on a higher share basis, but that might change if demand slows and we get into Q4 and have more of an opportunity to do that, but we will be fully prepared. And if as you know, if needed we'll move units from south to north based on manufactured date versus all the other wonderful things that the industry is already used to doing. So, we're not concerned and living in a supply constrained world. We'll continue evolving, but we don't expect a significant amount of pe-build of pre-sale like in the previous SEER change.
Steve Tusa: But I guess for the South, they have to have the product to start selling it on Jan 1. So, I would assume that kind of mix in has to happen there, maybe not a pre-buy, but like certainly a gradual transition in the channel. Am I right about that or not? Because that's an [installed base] [ph].
Alok Maskara: Yes, you are absolutely right. And that was my comment around Q4. So, by the time Q4 comes in because most of our dealers and distributors are like, you know, they are turning inventory at least four times a year, right. So, like [Q4 times] [ph], we'll start shipping those. 
Steve Tusa: Yes. Great. Okay. Thanks for the color. Appreciate it. Good luck.
Alok Maskara: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hi, good morning and welcome Alok. Congratulations.
Joe Reitmeier : Good morning, Joe.
Alok Maskara: Thanks Joe. Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Sorry if I missed this in your prepared comments, but I'm curious to the 17 points of growth you saw in resi this quarter, how much of that was volume?
Alok Maskara : 5%.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, 5% volume. Did that 5% volume, [Technical Difficulty] Lennox or did one grow quicker than the other?
Joe Reitmeier : Yes, we don't – and we've not broken that out. Once again, what I'll say is, we continue to see strong demand on both channels or in both channels.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. And then maybe just going back to the commercial margin, so clearly, obviously, it's been a difficult last few quarters and you guys, seemingly sounds like things are getting a little bit better. I'm just curious like if you kind of think about the margin improvement in that business for the second half of the year? Like how should we be thinking about kind of like the right margin for that business either sequentially or for the rest of the year?
Alok Maskara: Yes. I think it's really hard when you're at turnaround situation to give exact numbers, but I would say, we were pleased that Q2 was better than Q1, even if it's modestly better, I would expect a similar pattern in Q3, Q4, but even if you have to take a hit for a quarter here and there, I mean, our long-term goal remains to protect our customers, serve the schools, make sure we go through the share dynamic. Our long-term goal is to get that business up to 18% to 20% margin. That might take us two years. I wish it’s less than that, but that's where we focus on, but I think a small sequential improvement is what we would plan for rest of the year, but given the situation and still quite volatile, I wouldn't want to tie down to any specific numbers yet.
Joe Ritchie: No, that makes a lot of sense, Alok. And I know maybe my in the last question, I know you're not seeing it in your business today, but I'm sure you guys have done some sensitivity analysis around what a resi downturn could look like? Maybe just help us with any type of framework that you guys would approach a potential downturn if we start to [see it in revenue] [ph]?
Alok Maskara: Sure. Every time I read Wall Street Journal, I come to the office and say, oh, we are going to face a downturn. And then I look at the order rates and it turns out to be wrong. So, this has been going on ever since I started. The broader question that you asked is, clearly very seasoned team, we have run scenarios on all different aspects.  On the residential new construction, just based on slower housing starts, we can model that pretty effectively and we know how many months after a home starts, HVAC goes in. So that part is easy for us to model and we are doing that. We clearly are going to offset that with new programs to gain share and also remind everybody that 20% of our business, not 80%. On the 80%, which is replacement, we feel very good that very little of that will move from replacement to repair, especially given the part shortage, there's historical refrigerant changes, there's SEER changes. But then again, we have modeled that different aspects. What if 10% changes from replacement to repairs? And then, of course, our goal is to get value out of those repairs as well. So, that's the kind of scenarios we have dealt with. No two downturns are the same. And whatever comes through, our goal is to be prepared and deliver the best value for our shareholders. But we have run at least three, four different scenarios and we know what costs will need to take out. We know where we focus to gain share. And we know that like none of these downturns last very long in our industry.
Joe Ritchie : That's helpful. Thanks for the color Alok.
Alok Maskara: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question is at Brett Linzey with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning and welcome to Alok.
Alok Maskara : Good morning, Brett.
Brett Linzey: Just want to come back to the commercial business. I appreciate some of the color on backlog. You noted you were sold out there. Just curious what you're seeing on the new order front and how that's been tracking and really specifically around the national account business and how those conversations are going given some of the slower consumer reads coming out of those customers?
Alok Maskara: Sure. I mean, good question. We are not seeing any changes in the demand there. We could solve whatever we make right now. So, I think it's possible that there is an underlying weakness and none of us are seeing it because every manufacturer has extended lead time there. I think one thing that gives us some comfort on these national accounts is that the higher efficiency units have a very quick payback that’s apparent and these are sophisticated buyers. So, despite the consumer slowdown, retailer will get significant energy benefits by replacing the HVAC units and a quicker payback. So, I think that's the piece that gives us some comfort in the commercial cycle is that there is apparent value and a willingness to pay for these upgrades. But we haven't seen any change. We'll keep watching it closely. but we don't expect larger customers to make any significant deviation from their current policy, which is a replacement every few years and get the value of energy efficiency.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. And just on the contingency plans, I think you made a comment on that in the opening remarks, but just curious how you would handle a more shallow downturn? Would you just ride down the decrementals and try to preserve the integrity of the organization? Would you get it cost pretty quickly? Just kind of high level, how would you think about attacking that?
Alok Maskara: Every time we hit a downturn, if I knew it's going to last exactly for eight weeks, then yes, we will try and preserve the organization. But in reality, we never know. I mean, having lived through many downturns, no. I mean, I think our goal would be to minimize the decrementals like you take tough actions, take the opportunity, I mean, never waste a crisis. I mean, remember that. We will always look at this as an opportunity to strengthen the organization even if it's a smaller organization and take some of the tougher actions. So, no, we would try our best to minimize the decremental and offset it by G&A reduction, offset it by deferred investments, just because we don't know how long the downturn will last.
Brett Linzey: Okay, great. Appreciate the thoughts.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
John Walsh: Hi, good morning everyone and welcome Alok and appreciate the slides this quarter.
Alok Maskara : Good morning, John. Thanks for the compliment. We’ll try and keep the slides going.
John Walsh: Yes. It's hard to take them away. We'll you won't get the praise next quarter if they're gone. You'll get complaints, but I guess…
Alok Maskara: Well being an ex-consultant John, as you can be imagined, I think better with PowerPoint in front of me. So, we do like the small set of 12 slides.
John Walsh: Yes, yes. No. Just looking at the first half margin performance, I think last quarter you'd said that you could grow margins at the total company level, just curious when you think about your mid-point that's in the guidance range you have out there? I mean, what are total company margins doing?
Joe Reitmeier: [Other down] [ph] slightly. Once again, it's just the pressures that we're continuing to feel in the back half of the year, while we have commodities easing, we're still combating inflation on the components and other input side. So, it's sort of the net-net there. All-in, I think margins for the full-year would be down roughly 40 basis points.
John Walsh: Got you. Thank you for that. And then maybe just one follow-up. The Refrigeration incrementals have been pretty strong thus far in the first half about 40%. Do you think you guys can maintain this zip code or how are you thinking about just Refrigeration incrementals broadly? I know you don't give spot guidance.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, I think we're benefiting from a bit of a tailwind where we're catching up on price as well there and that's lifting it something north of what we would typically target will be 30%, which is what we do for the balance of the company as well.
John Walsh: Great. Well, appreciate taking the calls at the end here. Thank you.
Alok Maskara: Thank you.
Joe Reitmeier: Thanks John.
Alok Maskara: Okay. Thanks for all the questions. To wrap up, I just want to emphasize that the demand remains strong. We are raising guidance based on the strength of our residential and refrigeration business and expectations of continued improvements in commercial. Coming off a record second quarter, we look forward to the second half and will remain focused on enhancing shareholder value irrespective of the macroeconomic uncertainties. Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our Lennox 's second quarter earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-25 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Thank you, and it sounds like we have some music okay, we're good. All right, good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2022. I'm here today with Chairman and Interim CEO, Todd Teske and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook for 2022. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non - GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Todd Teske.
Todd Teske: Good morning and thank you for joining us. It's great to be here on the earnings call today to review the quarter with Joe during the short interim period until Alok Maskara's start date as Lennox International's new CEO on May 9. Many of you already know Alok across his career from McKinsey to GE, to Pentair and then as the CEO of Luxfer. In the coming weeks and months you'll have an opportunity to reconnect with him or to make introductions. We are excited to have Alok join us to lead the company as we continue to focus on driving growth and profitability to maximize shareholder value. Along with his impressive experience and proven track record of successfully operating businesses through various economic challenges over 25 years, we see Alok as a great fit with the performance culture of Lennox. With his background and experience, Alok was the candidate during the search process that rose to the top of an outstanding slate of candidates. Alok recognizes the firm foundation that's been built at Lennox, and I think Todd Bluedorn was 15 years leading the company, and we will look forward to the next chapter in the company's history. Turning to the near-term, let me start with some highlights on the first quarter of 2022, a record first quarter for revenue and earnings per share. Company revenue in the quarter was up 9% to a first quarter record of $1.01 billion. GAAP operating income was $112 million, down 2%. GAAP EPS was a first quarter record of $2.29, up 4%. Total segment profit for the first quarter was $115 million, down 1% and total segment margin was 11.3%, down 110 basis points. Adjusted EPS was first quarter record of $2.36 up 4%. The record first quarter for Lennox International was driven by our Residential and Refrigeration businesses, which both set new first quarter highs for segment revenue and profit. In Residential revenue was up 11% to a first quarter record of $682 million. Replacement and new construction were both up double digits. Residential segment profit was up 12% to our first quarter record $108 million. Segment margin was down 10 basis points to 15.8%. In Refrigeration, revenue was $144 million, a first quarter record adjusted for historical divestitures. Revenue grew 15% as reported an 18% at constant currency led by more than 20% growth in North America. European refrigeration revenue was up low single digits as reported and up low double digits at constant currency. And Europe HVAC revenue was up high single digits as reported and up mid teens at constant currency. Refrigeration segment profit rose 78% to $14 million our first quarter record adjusted for historical divestitures. Segment margin expanded 350 basis points to 9.8%. Turning to our Commercial business. Demand remained strong, but our commercial operations continued to be impacted in production by labor constraints and global supply chain disruptions. Commercial revenue was down 6%. Segment profit was down 77% and segment margin contracted 1040 basis points to 3.4%. More about this in a moment, but further breaking out revenue. Commercial equipment revenue was down low double digits. Within this Replacement revenue was up low single digits with planned Replacement up more than 20% and emergency Replacement down more than 35%. New construction revenue was down more than 30% in the quarter. Breaking out revenue another way, regional and local business was down mid teens. National account equipment revenue was down mid single digits. On the service side Lennox National Account Services revenue was up high single digits. A few points to make on the performance of our Commercial business. Given the business mix to national account customers in a constrained environment, mix was up as was price. But price increases took longer to work through given contractual obligations, causing inflation to run ahead of the price benefit in the commercial business currently. We announced another price increase of up to 9% for our Commercial business effective May 2 and we will continue to layer in additional price this year. We continue to see additional inflationary pressures in commodities, components and freight, and the global supply chain disruptions continue to create factory inefficiencies along with lingering labor constraints. Our Commercial business continues to be challenged by supply chain disruptions that has adversely impacted production more than our other business. There are unique components in the commercial equipment, primarily electronics and controls to name just a few that distinguish it from our other businesses where we have experienced abnormal delays even for these times. For all of our businesses lead times in the supply chain continue to lengthen. However, they have been especially disruptive in commercials configure to order environment.  We do not know all the components required for a units production until you get all of the specifications of the products configuration from the customer. Our sourcing, engineering and manufacturing teams continue to collectively address supply chain disruptions by working closely with our suppliers and assisting them in addressing their delays, increasing safety stock, rapidly qualifying new suppliers and expanding the supply base along with in-sourcing and substitution where feasible. Even with the actions we continue to take, there are still unavoidable extended lead times for our commercial configured to order products due to delays in the supply chain for certain components. With respect to labor constraints in Stuttgart, Arkansas and surrounding areas where we draw for from for direct labor, unemployment is at historical lows 3% or less. We have been experiencing unprecedented employee turnover in our commercial factory. Part of the turnover stems from late last year and early this year as we navigated the COVID-related disruptions affecting our commercial facility, many COVID exposed employees elected not to return to work at the factory. In addition, our utilization of overtime to overcome production disruptions also impacted employee retention. To ease labor constraints at our Arkansas factory, we have raised wages to attract a broader pool of talent in a very tight market and make Lennox the employer of choice in that area. In addition to raising wages, we have instituted static scheduling in the factory that will ease demands for significant overtime on direct labor and create a better work-life balance for our factory employees. We expect the actions we've taken in the factory of increasing wages and stabilizing the work schedules for our factory employees to significantly reduce absenteeism and improve employee retention easing the labor constraint that along with supply chain disruptions is resulting in commercial manufacturing delays. Our commercial team continues to work diligently to overcome these disruptions with the primary focus taking care of our customers. For the company overall price was pacing ahead of commodity, component and freight pressures, and we expect that to continue through the year. In the first quarter, the company captured $85 million of price for a 9% yield compared to $58 million of material and freight headwind in the quarter. Joe will talk more about it in the 2022 guidance, but we now plan to capture approximately $335 million of price this year, compared to prior guidance of $235 million, with a focus on staying ahead of inflationary pressures. For the company overall in 2022, we are raising revenue growth guidance from 5% to 10%, to a new range of 7% to 11% and we are reiterating EPS guidance of $13.50 to $14.50 for the full year. We are reiterating plans for $400 million of stock repurchases in 2022 as we drive towards another record year led by the strength in our Residential and Refrigeration businesses. Now I'll turn it over to Joe for more detail on the first quarter and our outlook.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential heating and cooling. In the first quarter revenue from Residential heating and cooling was a first quarter record $682 million, up 13%. Volume was flat. Price was up 11% and mix was up 2%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a first quarter record $108 million, up 12%. Segment margin was 15.8%, down 10 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by favorable price and mix. Partial offsets included higher material, freight and warranty costs, global supply chain disruptions, and factoring efficiencies, lower joint venture income distribution investments and higher SG&A. Now turning to our Commercial heating and cooling business, in the first quarter commercial revenue was $188 million, down 6%. Volume was down 16%. Price was up 3% and mix was up 7%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $6 million, down 77% and segment margin was 3.4%, down 1040 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by lower volume and factory inefficiencies due to labor constraints and global supply chain disruptions, higher material freight distribution and other product costs, and higher SG&A. Partial offsets included favorable price and mix. In Refrigeration revenue was up 15% to $144 million, a first quarter record adjusted for historical divestitures. Volume was up 11% and price was up 8%. Mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a negative 3% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit rose 78% to $14 million, also a first quarter record adjusted for historical divestitures. Segment margin expanded 350 basis points to 9.8%. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume and favorable price than a year ago. Partial offsets include unfavorable mix, global supply chain disruptions and higher material, freight and SG&A costs. Corporate expenses were $13 million in the first quarter compared to $16 million dollars in the prior quarter. Overall, SG&A was $155 million in the first quarter, or 15.3% of revenue, down from 15.6% of revenue in the prior quarter. Regarding special items, the company had net after tax charges of $2.5 million dollars in the quarter. Net cash used in operations in the first quarter was $98 million, compared to $18 million in the prior quarter as working capital increase primarily due to sales growth, increasing accounts receivable, as well as inventory increasing due to mitigation strategies to combat supply chain disruptions, along with inflationary effects year-over-year on product costs. Capital expenditures were approximately $25 million in the first quarter, compared to $24 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was a use of $123 million for the quarter, compared to a use of $42 million in the prior quarter. And seasonally, we tend to use cash in the first half of the year and generate cash in the second half. The company paid approximately $34 million in dividends and repurchased $200 million of company stock in the first quarter. Total debt was $1.61 billion at the end of the first quarter, and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.4. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $40 million at the end of the quarter. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2022. Our underlying market assumptions for the year remain the same. We expect the industry to see low single digit shipment growth in Residential and mid single digit shipment growth in Commercial unitary and Refrigeration markets in North America. We are raising 2022 revenue guidance from 5% to 10% to a new range of 7% to 11% with neutral foreign exchange. And we are reiterating our guidance for GAAP and adjusted EPS of $13.50 to $14.50. Let me now run through some of the other key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2022. First, for the items that are changing. With a second round of price increases announced for 2022, we now expect price to be a benefit of $335 million for the year and 8% yield and this is up from our prior guidance of $235 million. Some headwinds that have increased in our guidance, we now expect approximately a $140 million headwind from commodities, which is up from $110 million previously. We now expect a net headwind of approximately $70 million from components, up from a net headwind of $30 million previously. And guidance for factory productivity is slipping from a benefit of $20 million to flat for 2022. And freight is now expected to be a $15 million headwind for the full year, up from a $5 million headwind previously. Tariffs are now expected to be a $5 million headwind compared to prior guidance to be neutral and we expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be at the low end of our prior guidance at approximately 36 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase a total of $400 million of stock this year. Now for the guidance items that are remaining the same, we are guiding for Residential mix to be neutral and we will assume neutral foreign exchange. We will be at a more normal run rate with distribution investments this year with 30 new Lennox stores planned and SG&A is still expected to be up $45 million this year, including our investments in R&D and IT. Now for a few final guidance points, corporate expenses are still targeted at $95 million. We still plan for capital expenditures to be approximately $125 million this year. And finally, free cash flow is still expected to be approximately $400 million. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll to first to the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Todd Teske: Hi Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Can you hear me now?
Todd Teske: We can hear you now, thank you.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, cool. So maybe just starting with the challenges that you faced in Commercial factoring in the quarter, I guess you've provided some color around what you've done to fix the margins. But how quickly can we start to see that come through with a very, like rapid snapback in margin performance starting in 2Q or do you think it will take time to kind of execute and return to prior margin levels, like throughout the year?
Todd Teske: Yes, I think it's going be a couple, you know, it's probably going to take a little bit more time, Nicole, but you know, we're battling things on two fronts. One is the supply chain, which, you know, obviously, everyone's challenged across the industry and we'll continue to do what we need to do there to make sure that we're taking appropriate steps and minimizing the disruptions in the factory. The second is more in our control and that's the recruiting necessary to get our direct labor headcount to a level where we can continue to increase production. And quite frankly, in the first quarter, that was a limitation on the commercial business, which was getting product out of the commercial factories. We have more products coming out of the factory, we will be able to fix it. What we would expect to see would probably be improvement by the end of the second quarter, because it will take a little while to get those folks in the factory trained and productive on the factory floor. So once we're on the other side of that, it will lend itself to hopefully, what we're expecting is improved profitability in the second half of the year, and back on the trajectory of achieving their three-year long-term target margins.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then I guess, the really strength that you guys saw in the quarter, obviously getting a lot of questions from investors about the sustainability of that, is there anything you can share with respect to order activity, later in the quarter and into 2Q to give some confidence that this isn't just a pull forward of channel inventory restock?
Todd Teske: Yes Nicole, I think the overarching comment that I would make about Residential is continued strength. Early in the quarter, we were challenged even on our Residential business, with component shortages. Now that improved as we got through the quarter, and March was an exceptionally strong quarter for us. We do expect that momentum to continue. What we see in our order rates and our backlog to the extent that you can have a backlog in Residential is ordered demand, very strong. And we're also coming off of a very tough comp last year, where we were up 37% in that business. So, overall record start to the quarter, it is seasonally our latest quarter. We're over a hill, but we have the mountain in front of us, but we still expect to see strength in Residential and quite frankly, also Refrigeration for the balance of the year.
Nicole DeBlase: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And next we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning, and thanks, Todd, for the interim update. In terms of, I suppose just a question around kind of the cadence of earnings through the year, the operating margins I think for the year as a whole are guided to grow slightly, and they were down 110 bps in the first quarter year on year. So just trying to understand operating margins, do we assume they're down again year on year Q2, and then you get sort of 30% plus leverage in the second half to get the operating revenues up for the year overall. And when you're thinking about earnings kind of seasonality or EPS seasonality, are we thinking of sort of a 50/50 type first half or second half split?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, as you know, Julian, it's been a while since we've had a normal year, going back to the tornado and then, you know, right into the pandemic and here we are today. So I think you nailed it. I think when you look at our earnings seasonality, what we expect this year is going be closer to 50/50. You know, we had an extremely strong start last year in the first half where we were up more than 30% in our Residential business for instance. Margins continued to grow and then things became more challenging in the second half. So comps in the second half of the year should ease a bit. But we would expect margins to be up for the full year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much, Joe. And then just a follow up, you know, maybe on that point around the resi market overall, I guess, depending on which macro data you look at, some of it suggests there is a lot of inventory out there, not necessarily in Lennox's channels, but perhaps more broadly in the market, their own inventory, and the cash flow statement had a big outflow in Q1, I suppose, because of the anticipation of further good volume demand in Q2, but just wondered your assessment of that, the aggregate sort of selling sell through dynamics kind of in the marketplace, your own channels may look quite lean, but are you worried about the broader kind of inventory pressures out there?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, when I talk to the folks in our Residential business, what we are hearing is that distributors are hoarding a little bit of inventory for fear that they will not be able to meet end market demand and eventually be able to sell that product regardless. And then, dealers quite frankly, aren't hoarding as much inventory, typically the let distributions more than inventory levels. And we think that they're adequately supplied at this point. Our inventories still remain lean. As you know, as we entered enter this year we were pretty well depleted of finished goods inventory in our Residential business, because of strong demand, so high quality problem. We're addressing that as well. So, looking forward I think inventory in the channel, depending on which channel you look in, once again, with two-step distribution, distributors continue to take on additional inventory, and dealers are more at a, you know, what I would characterize as a normal level of inventory for what they need.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you, Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: You are welcome.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Todd Teske: Good morning, Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Jeff Hammond: So, just on the, just back on the Commercial business, I guess, anything you're thinking about doing different structurally for this business? It just seems like, yes the labor issues have kind of ebbed and flowed for multiple years now and I'm just wondering if you don't make sense to diversify, beyond Stuttgart or how to think about that business differently long-term?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, great question, Jeff. You know, we routinely evaluate our business strategies, and that includes our manufacturing footprint, specifically in our Commercial business where we have one physical manufacturing location. We believe that a multi-location manufacturing strategy could be beneficial to add capacity to support growth, provide manufacturing flexibility, as you mentioned, and with costs in line, quite frankly, add to profitability going forward. So given the current challenges in our Stuttgart facility, and expected growth of the commercial land markets, our Commercial manufacturing strategy is definitely on the table. So I would just encourage you to stay tuned on that front.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, great. And then, you guys always give the market color, and I think the trend has been, you guys are kind of been outperformers, but I know you've taken a pause on kind of new store growth until this year, and some of the issues around Commercial, but maybe just relative to low single digits units in resi and the mid single digit growth in Commercial just level set us on maybe how you think you perform in line or underperform, those kind of market metrics?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, when I talked to the folks once again in our Residential business and look at the industry data that we have to date, it looks like we're relatively flat on share. So, I wouldn't read into the first quarter dynamics too much other than the fact that we're able to get price. We continue to combat the supply chain challenges, but we're more effective in that in our Residential side of the business. And as far as end market growth, as I mentioned previously, it remains strong when you look at the order rates that we're continuing to see, both in our direct to dealer business along with our two-step business, both were up, quite frankly, Lennox was up, revenue wise, low teens, as I mentioned, but our allied business was up high teens, once again, getting back to the comments that I made about the differences of inventory levels in each of those channels. But overall, for the commercial business, we continue to see steady demand. We're not seeing any of the indications of end market challenges like you might see if the market was ready to turn, meaning a mixed out in our equipment business or product and supplies that outpaced equipment growth. So all the indicators of continued strength in Residential remain intact. And once again, we're excited about our record setting first quarter start, and what lies ahead for us in the balance of the year in our Residential business.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, I appreciate it, guys.
Joseph Reitmeier: You bet.
Operator: And we'll go to Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thank you. Good morning, guys.
Todd Teske: Good morning, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Joe, you made a comment. Good morning, guys. You made a comment with respect to potential changes over time in the Commercial manufacturing footprint. But I was wondering maybe just more broadly, if you guys could talk to any changes you expect under the new leadership? And whether it's portfolio, whether it's strategy, anything else? I mean, it's a well run company. It's okay to say that you're not expecting much. But I'd love your opinion on that. And then the second thing, just on the transition of CEO where Todd left before Alok could join, was that, was that the plan all along? And is there any risks that we should be thinking about? Because that's a question we've gotten from investors, but there hasn't been much, there isn’t an overlap. So, just wondering how we should think about that?
Todd Teske: So let me take, sure. I appreciate that question. Let me take the second question, the second half of your question first, and then we'll go back to the first. So essentially, we did not -- we did plan to have some overlap. However, the way the timing all worked out with the search, and ultimately with Todd, he had another opportunity that I think some of you may have seen now, got announced several weeks ago. And that's really what drove the situation with me being Interim and then not having a lot of overlap with Alok. However, I would tell you that even though Todd is now somewhere else, the fact is, is I have his phone number, and I'll give his phone number to Alok and he made it abundantly clear that he is happy to take any questions or help in any way he can, with the transition of Alok coming in. So, ultimately we hadn't planned it that way, but given timing and personal commitments, that's ultimately the way it shook out. I think at the end of the day, it's everything is working out well. The team here is exceptionally strong. And so I think I know Alok rolling into a very solid situation, a team that is high performing, and as you point out, has really executed well over time. With regards to the first part of your question, and should you expect any changes, as we went through the whole search process, the one thing we made sure, we want to make sure of, is a couple of things. One is culture. The culture here is a really high performing culture and we did not want to lose that at all. And so one of the things that was really important to us as we interview candidates, interviewed candidates was how will they fit with the culture. And Alok clearly rose to the top as it relates to that. We also wanted to make sure that there was experience at scale. And you know Luxfer is a smaller company, but certainly Alok's experience at Pentair running over $1 billion business provided experience at scale. And so those two things along with now, what we've asked him to do when he gets here on May 9 is, take the first 100 days and learn. This company is operating very well. Obviously, we've got some challenges in Commercial, but the team is well aware and is executing on those challenges to alleviate those challenges. And so ultimately, we want to make sure that we're taking a fresh look at the various opportunities that might be out there without losing the foundation of what we've built. And so ultimately, it will be up to Alok to come in, do a review of the business, come back to the Board and give his observations, recommendations, and then ultimately figure out what the next chapter for Lennox is going to be. And so we're really excited. I'm very excited about Alok coming in and joining the company, and ultimately look forward to what the next chapter is. Is there anything imminent, that's a significant shift? Of course not, because Alok has to come in and ultimately learn the business even better than he has already. He's done a lot of homework already and come back and give us his observations and his recommendations.
Gautam Khanna: I appreciate that, thank you. And Joe, just to follow up on an earlier comment you made. You haven't seen any erosion in mix despite the price hikes and all that. Has there been any improvement in the mix, i.e. the bill, I know you've mentioned in past quarters the electronic components are more sophisticated on the higher SEER units as the bottlenecks in that part of the portfolio subsided a bit. Did you actually see a better mix in Q1?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, Residential mix was up modestly, roughly 1%, but we're not seeing the erosion. One of the things, as you mentioned, Gautam, we're limited because of production on the high end. The more sophisticated electrical components are more difficult to get, and that's limiting availability for instance of 28 SEER, and obviously our commercial products. So that's where we're seeing some of the constraints, but mix overall was slightly up when you look at it year-over-year.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks guys.
Joseph Reitmeier: You bet.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Yes, hey everybody, good morning.
Todd Teske: Hi, Tim good morning.
Tim Wojs: Hey, maybe just on price, I guess as you think about the pricing contribution between the different segments, how would you kind of distribute, I guess, both the incremental price and just maybe kind of the pricing contribution by segment for the entire year?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, I think as you would expect, it's more heavily tilted towards the Residential segment. I would expect their yield to be slightly higher than the company average. Company average will be closer to 8. I would expect Residential to be north of that 9. I expect Refrigeration to be on par with that. And then Commercial, given some of the challenges we're experiencing there and the typical time delays of acquiring price versus cost actions, I expect that to be slightly below the company average.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then what would the carryover impact for next year be? Do you have that number?
Joseph Reitmeier: I'm trying to get through the first quarter, or excuse me, the second quarter now, Tim, to be honest with you. So we haven't really figured that out. But similar to what we'd experienced this year, there certainly will be some carryover pricing. The price increase that we just announced will be effective early May.
Tim Wojs: Okay, good. And then just as you think about the transition with the SEER regulations in 2023, I mean, what are some of the kind of internal activities that Lennox is doing just to make sure you're kind of ready for that transition when it snaps the line at the end of the year?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, those things have already been executed, and we're ready to roll, quite frankly. And it's the 2023 -- yes, the 2023 regulatory change that affect both Commercial and Residential. I think one of the unique dynamics we have this year is with the challenges with the supply chain, I think most OEMs are going to shift towards the new minimum efficiency product and probably make minimal investments in those units that are being phased out. And it's different depending on where you're at. For instance, on Residential, in the north, it's on the manufacturer date. In the south, it's on the installed date. And then with Commercial, it's on the manufacturing date as well. So we do have some flexibility there, but I think there's some limiting things that will affect the way that OEMs behave, given the supply chain challenges.
Tim Wojs: Okay, good. Well, good luck on rest of the year. Thanks for the question.
Operator: And next we'll go to Brett Linzey with Mizuho Americas. Please go ahead.
Brett Linzey: Hi, good morning all.
Todd Teske: Good morning.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Brett Linzey: Hey, just wanted to come back to the Commercial business and just trying to reconcile some of the pieces there underpinning the activity in the quarter. And specifically, the new construction, down 30% and I would think the system configuration is similar in terms of procuring parts. So I'm just curious what's driving the weakness there? Are you seeing any share shift projects moving around? Any color on that new construction pocket?
Todd Teske: Yes. I think it's a conscious effort to focus on our national account customers and their planned replacement activities and also the verticals that we're serving. So it's a situation where we've concentrated our efforts in production and making sure that we're preserving the core of the business and protecting the share that is most sticky. And quite frankly, I think that's lending itself to the Commercial new construction numbers being down as significantly as it was. So I don't know if it's necessarily a market dynamic more than it is a conscious effort on our part to preserve the core of our Commercial business.
Brett Linzey: Okay, understood. And I appreciate the moving pieces on the cost inputs, but at the segment level on a full year basis, what are the incremental margins you're assuming for Residential and Refrigeration?
Todd Teske: Yes, we don't give specific business unit guidance, so I'm not going to go down that path.
Brett Linzey: Okay, I’ll pass it on. Thanks a lot.
Todd Teske: Thanks, Brett.
Operator: And next, we will go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. So on the share losses in emergency replacement and Commercial, and it feels like some of the component shortages are getting to some of the share in Residential as well. How confident are you that once you get beyond these constraints that you can regain that share?
Todd Teske: Yes, once again, I think our strategy has been to protect the core of the business where the share is most sticky, and that's with our national account customer base. We feel provided the success factors in emergency replacement are having the right product at the right place, at the right price. And once we are able to get through these challenges of direct labor in the factory and then hopefully, improvement in the supply chain, we think we can regain that share pretty quickly. So that will be it. We'll aggressively attack share once we've navigated some of the challenges that we have in the factory and we get more product out of that factory.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then the inventory buildup, I know we've touched on this in the Q&A already, but I'm sure that was by design, you've been running a little bit lower inventory through 2021. Was that buildup really in, mainly in components, so work in progress, finished goods? I mean, any sense, any color on that?
Todd Teske: Yes, it was really across the board, but to varying degrees. And what I mean by that is, when you look at our raw materials, there's two things in that number. One is slightly more volume, but also the value or inflationary effects have impacted that as well. And then with some of the challenges that we've had in our commercial business, we have a higher work in process category than normal where we've got goods that have been semi-finished and we're waiting for final components to come in so we can finish that. And that's driving some of the build that you see in the inventory numbers, specifically in the commercial business.
Nigel Coe: Right, right. And then just housekeeping, the labor inflation that you talked about, is that in the productivity bucket in your guidance bridge? Would that be elsewhere?
Todd Teske: No, it's in the productivity. Yes.
Nigel Coe: Good, thank you. Thank you.
Todd Teske: You’re welcome.
Operator: Next, we'll go to the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning and I appreciate you taking the questions.
Todd Teske: Good morning, John.
John Walsh: Thank you. Maybe the first question, we've talked a little bit about the manufacturing strategy at Commercial. I'm just curious, you've obviously done some automation in your residential factories, I think particularly down in some of your Mexico facilities. But can you just talk about, is there a difference between Resi and Commercial and how much you can actually automate versus actually requiring a higher labor component to build the unit?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. I think when you look at our conversion costs, it's typically 15% or less of cost of goods manufactured and the labor component is roughly half of that number. It's fairly consistent when you look at Residential and Commercial, might be a little bit more in Commercial given the configure-to-order nature of the product versus the homogeneous products that we manufacture in Residential. But there's opportunity for us to do more with automation really across the entire portfolio. It's just a matter of us selecting and prioritizing those investments. And we've done things along the lines of auto raising, so certain high impact manufacturing activities, we've tried to make investments in to improve quality and throughput. And we'll continue to look for opportunities to do that along with examining our geographic footprint.
Todd Teske: And John, the only thing I would add also is that what the company has been very good at is balancing off capital versus labor. Obviously, capital is fixed. Labor is not necessarily fixed. And so one of the things that becomes important at -- and we've got some really great manufacturing engineers in this company that as labor inflation continues, wage inflation continues, obviously the robotics side of things, and the automation side of things, the trade-off may become more balanced to automation and robotics and things like that. Again, not assuming that the inflation doesn't continue to ramp up in that area as well. And so the team is always looking for opportunities to deploy the right amount of capital and maintain the right amount of fixed versus variable in the business so that we don't become imbalanced.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, the punch line is John, yes we'll continue to expose opportunities, and there are additional opportunities for automation among other things in our manufacturing strategy.
John Walsh: Great. And then maybe just a housekeeping here. Can you talk about the furnace sales and if that helped the mix in Residential? And then lastly, just heat pumps, as those roll through, does that impact your mix or does that impact your price when you give the -- thank you?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, it could affect both because we've raised prices on it, so there will be a price element. And then furnaces are some of our higher-margin products. So yes, it will affect the mix favorably as well.
John Walsh: Great, thank you.
Joseph Reitmeier: You're welcome.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys. Good morning. How are you?
Todd Teske: Good morning Steve. Doing well thank you.
Steve Tusa: Yes. I guess I'll save the spirited debate on the cycle for the new CEO. I'll spare you, Joe. So just on the pricing on Resi, any major difference between the independent and the captive on the realized price side?
Joseph Reitmeier: No, we are able to capture price almost at the same level in both of those channels.
Steve Tusa: Okay. That's helpful. On the Commercial new construction, what do you think the market actually was there in the quarter? You guys were down 30. I don't think the market was down. Was the market actually up in the quarter on Commercial?
Joseph Reitmeier: No. Once again, I think commercial new construction may have been flat to slightly down, I think, for the quarter. Once again, Steve, this is for the verticals that we serve. So that's what we saw was it flat to slightly down. We were down more significantly once again due to the conscious effort to focus in other areas of the business.
Steve Tusa: Right. I just wanted to make sure I had a kind of magnitude there. And then just on the labor inflation side, what is it actually like taking to get people into the factories? Like what kind of cost increases are you having to -- and then benefits you're having to kind of like provide to kind of get people to come to work? I'm curious from more of a not necessarily a Lennox perspective, maybe just more macro. What is that actually taking to get people to come?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. And it's a bit of a unique situation in the area of Arkansas, where we do business because it's a geography with a declining population and unemployment of 3% or less. So it's a situation where you've got a very tight labor market to begin with. Our wages historically have been at market. But as you can imagine, working in a manufacturing facility and the demands of overtime have resulted in us having more volatile employee schedules than I think our employees have a tolerance for. And then the demographics of the folks that we were hiring more recently have been those that had less than five years' work experience, and most of them were unemployed. So we had to raise wages above market. We went as high in certain areas as high as 25% above where we were previously with the expectation that that would open up a broader pool of candidates for our Arkansas facility. And early reads are, when you look at the demographics of the folks that are now applying for jobs in that facility, those folks have more than five years' work experience and a lot of them are currently employed. So it's doing exactly what we wanted it to do was to broaden the pool of talent that we can pull from and hire folks with a little bit more experienced and probably a little bit more career-minded folks in our manufacturing facility there. So those are the steps we've taken. They came with the -- once again with a price, but we think over time, we'll cover that with productivity initiatives in the factory along with incremental price increases over time.
Todd Teske: And Joe, you're talking specific to Arkansas. The broader question, Steve, basically, we're not at those kind of levels in the rest of the organization. So what we're seeing is typically what the others are seeing in the market. And we are at market in the rest of our operations. And so we're not seeing anywhere near what we had to do down in Arkansas. That was really specific to that Arkansas plant.
Steve Tusa: Got it. That's too bad for Joe and Steve. On -- one last one for you, Todd. I think this is kind of a fair question to ask, given you're on the Board here and obviously, overseeing strategy. Does the new CEO have -- I think he took a pretty big swing at his prior employer early on strategically kind of with the portfolio. I mean, does he have kind of a green light to do something major strategic or is Lennox still going to be really just a core HVAC business and putting refrigeration aside, is there kind of a green light strategically here to do something material?
Todd Teske: So let me go to the premise of your question, Steve. And I'm not totally familiar with everything that happened at Luxfer, but explaining someone else's business is always fun. The -- when you go back to Luxfer, when Alok took over, he needed to take a big swing. The company needed a lot of work. It was really a transformation and there was restructuring and everything else from what I understand that needed to be done. That's very different from where we are here at Lennox. So the fact that he took a big swing shows that he's got the courage to do what needs to be done. At the same time, I would tell you that as he comes in and learns and really immerses himself and assimilates himself into the industry, the company and obviously our team, we want his unvarnished observations and his recommendations. And so, over time, the company has talked, and I know we've -- there's been a lot of discussion at conferences and whatnot with regards to industry consolidation and those sorts of things. We're open to it, but first and foremost, it has to create shareholder value. And as it relates to anything outside of industry consolidation, we're open to it as a Board, as long as it creates shareholder value. And so ultimately, we are not going to put any constraints on Alok from the standpoint that he can't look at this or that or has to look overly in these areas. We want him to take a very broad view of things. And so that's what we're looking forward to and that's ultimately where we are going to get to after he's had a chance to digest and move forward.
Steve Tusa: Understood, thank you.
Operator: Next, we can go to the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks, good morning.
Todd Teske: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Maybe just following up on Steve's question, so in Resi if the pricing was comparable and Lennox versus Allied, what is volume -- what did volumes spike this quarter? Was volume down in the Lennox business?
Joseph Reitmeier: Our volume was flat in the Lennox business is the way I would characterize it, and it was up probably mid-single digits and maybe slightly more when you layer in the price on the Allied or two-step business.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, all right, great. Maybe touching base on price in the $335 million you've described and know that the pricing increases are coming in May, does that, -- so the $335 million, is that once you put these pricing increases in May, where that should account for all $335 million or does that contemplate future increases? I'm just trying to understand that a little bit better.
Joseph Reitmeier: No, that would incorporate just all announced price increases, and then we'll continue to do what we always do. And if inflation continues to run at the pace it does and we need more price work, we'll go out with more prices.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. That makes sense. And then just another real quick one on the Commercial side of the business. We've talked about, obviously, since some of the pressure that you felt this quarter, it seems like some of the labor-oriented costs are structural in nature. I'm just trying to understand from the margin degradation you saw this quarter, was there anything that was kind of like onetime and shouldn't really repeat going forward? Any quantification of that would be helpful.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. I think -- and I'm not going to quantify it, but I'll characterize it. It's a situation where if you can imagine, with labor constraints and then compounded by disruption in the supply chain, which results you -- results in you having to reschedule production frequently. Just all of the inefficiencies that, that creates is going to be onetime in nature as we continue to address aggressively address these issues. And once we get on the other side of it, the absence of that bad news will be a tailwind and then will further drive productivity with initiatives. It may be automation as we discussed earlier. But once again, as we employ more people and they become more productive and engaged, we expect a lot of that bad news to go away just by virtue of that. But once again, we'll follow up on more of that with productivity initiatives like we always do.
Todd Teske: And Joe, that's why we're not changing the long-term target for that business. And so we think that, as Joe points out, the labor gets fixed and the supply chain disruptions gets at the other side of all that, this business has a lot of room to run.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Todd Teske: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: And next we can go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thanks. Good morning everyone. I did want to just touch on cycle a little bit. And Joe, you mentioned some of the key things you look at haven't played out. But also, we are in sort of a unique environment. And I just wonder, as you look at the market, right, and we're entering a period here where plus or minus we could say there's little or no volume growth and everybody's revenue growth is on price. Does that, in and of itself, potentially portend peak of cycle? Have you guys thought about that? And what kind of context would you put around that question?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, we have. Once again, I wouldn't read too much into the first quarter, our seasonally lightest quarter, once again, coming off comps where we were up last year, 32% in volume, 37% in revenue in our Residential business. So once again, I think it's more of a tough comp. And as you pointed out, just some challenging times, but the things that we look at are the overall health of the homeowner and the consumer, we don't see those things. Obviously, they're being challenged but not eroded to the degree where we're seeing a mix down, which would be an indicator that, once again, there's more financial stress on the homeowner along with parts and supply sales. So all the things that we continue to keep our finger on the pulse of point in the direction of continued multiple GDP growth in our residential business, and that's what we continue to see even when we look at order rates and like I said, what I would characterize as a backlog for residential, there's strong order and orders building in the pipeline.
Jeff Sprague: Great, I'll leave it there. Lot of ground covered. Thank you.
Joseph Reitmeier: Okay, thanks Jeff.
Operator: I'll go ahead and hand the call back to our speakers here.
Todd Teske: Great, thank you. So to wrap up, demand remains strong, and we expect another record year for Lennox International, led by our Residential and Refrigeration businesses. We're focused on the current challenges in the commercial business. We've taken aggressive actions and expect operational improvement as the year progresses. Looking ahead overall, the future of Lennox is very bright, and I could not be more excited. Under Alok's leadership, with a strong management team, dedicated employees and a great foundation on which to grow, we look forward to the future and continued success. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Thanks for your participation and for using AT&T Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-01 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full-year 2021. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance for the quarter and year, as well as the outlook for 2022.  To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non - GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com.  The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start with the financial highlights for 2021 overall, and then walk through the fourth quarter as the company closed out a year of record revenue and earnings per share. Overall for 2021, revenue rose to 15% to a record $4.2 billion, at constant-currency revenue was up 14%. GAAP operating income rose 23% to $590 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations rose 34% to a record $12.39.  Total segment profit for the full year rose 19% to $604 million. And the total segment margin expanded 50 basis points to 14.4%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose to 27% to a record $12.60. Turning to fourth quarter financial results were impacted by 6% fewer days in the prior year quarter. As well as the continued impact from COVID-19 and supply chain disruptions that significantly impacted performance.  As a benefit to the quarter tax timing or one-time tax benefits lowered the effective tax rate to 7% on a GAAP basis, and 8% on an adjusted basis. That brought the effective tax rate for the full year to 17% on a GAAP basis and 18% on an adjusted basis. Company revenue in the quarter was up 6% to a fourth quarter record $965 million. GAAP operating income was $98 million compared to a $139 million in the prior year quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $2.27 compared to $2.91 in the prior year quarter.  Total segment profit for the fourth quarter was a $102 million compared to a $139 million in the prior-year quarter and total segment margin was 10.6% compared to 15.2% in the fourth quarter a year ago. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $2.35 compared to $2.89 in the prior year quarter. Looking at our business segments for the fourth quarter, residential revenue was up 12% to a fourth quarter record $620 million.  And again, that's [Indiscernible] 6% fewer days, both replacement and new construction business were up double-digits. Residential segment profit was down 5%, and segment margin was down 310 basis points to 17.8% from the prior-year quarter. In commercial, the business continued to be hit the hardest by COVID-19, and global supply chain disruptions in fourth quarter. Revenue was down 11%, segment profit was down 64%, and segment margin was down 170 basis points to 7.7%.  Commercial equipment revenue was down mid-teens in the quarter. Within this replacement, revenue was down mid-teens with planned emergency - excuse me, planned replacement down low single-digits and emergency replacement down more than 40%. New construction revenue was down high-teens in the quarter. Breaking out revenue another way, regional and local business revenue was down mid-teens, national equipment revenue was down high-teens. On the service side, Lennox National Account Service revenue was up low single-digits again on 6% fewer days. While the commercial business continue to work through significant disruptions and constraints in the fourth-quarter, looking ahead, we expect revenue to resume year-over-year growth in the first quarter. And profitability to be up by mid-2022 and for the full year. In refrigeration for the fourth quarter revenue was up 6% as reported and up 8% at constant currency.  North America revenue is up more than 20%. Europe refrigeration revenue was down low-single digits as reported, up low-single digits at constant currency. In Europe, HVAC revenue was down mid-teens as reported, down low double-digits constant-currency. Refrigeration segment profit rose 50% and segment margin expanded a 190 basis points to 8.9%. For the company overall in 2022, we are reiterating guidance for revenue growth of 5% to 10%. We are raising guidance for GAAP and adjusted EPS from continued operations from a range of 13.40 to 14.40, to a new range of 13.50 to 14.50 for the full-year.  This reflects a net benefit of lower effective tax rate of 18% to 20%, and higher interest rate expense assumptions. We are reiterating plans for $400 million of stock repurchases in 2022. HVAC and Refrigeration market, demand remains high, and as COVID-19 and the global supply chain improve Lennox International is positioned to further capitalize on the growth opportunities and higher profitability. Now, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. And good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the fourth quarter and the year overall starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the fourth quarter revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was a fourth quarter record $620 million up 12%. Volume was up 3%, price was up 8%, and mix was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $110 million down 5%. Segment margin was 17.8%, down 310 basis points.  Segment profit was primarily impacted by 6% fewer days than the prior year quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chain disruptions, higher material, freight and other product costs, and higher SG&A. Positive impacts included higher volume, favorable price, mix, foreign exchange and warranty and distribution efficiency programs. For the full-year, Residential segment revenue was a record $2.78 billion up 18%, volume was up 13%, price was up 4%, and mix was flat with foreign exchange being a 1% favorable benefit to revenue.  Residential profit was a record $540 million up 26%. Segment margin was 19.5% up 140 basis points. Now, turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business. In the fourth quarter, commercial revenue was $201 million down 11%. Volume was down 21%, price was up 2%, and mix was up 8%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $16 million down 64%. Segment margin was 7.7% down 1170 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by 6% fewer days than the prior year quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chain disruptions, lower volume, higher material warranty, tariff, freight, and other product costs and higher SG&A.  Partial offsets included favorable price and mix. For the full year commercial revenue was $865 million up 8%. Volume was up 3%, price was up 1%, and mix was up 3%. Foreign exchange was 1% favorable benefit to revenue. Segment profit was $111 million down 19%, and segment margin was 12.8% down 430 basis points. In refrigeration, revenue was a fourth quarter record, $143 million up 6%. Volume was up 4%, price was up 1%, and mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a favorable 2% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $13 million in the fourth quarter, which was up 29%.  Segment margin was 9.2% up 170 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower SG&A. Partial offsets included 6% fewer days in the prior year quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic, global supply chain disruptions in higher material, freight, and other product costs. For the full year, Refrigeration revenue was $554 million, up 17%. Volume was up 13%, price was up 3%, and mix was flat.  Foreign exchange had a favorable 1% impact. Segment profit was $49 million up 50% and segment profit margin was 8.9% up 190 basis points. Regarding special items, the company had net after-tax charges of $3.2 million for the fourth quarter and $7.4 million for the full year. Corporate expenses were $37 million in the fourth quarter, and $96 million for the full year. Overall, SG&A was $152 million in the fourth quarter or 15.7% of revenue, the same as the prior quarter. For 2021, overall SG&A was $599 million or 14.3% of revenue, down from 15.3% in the prior year.  Our 2021 income tax rate declined year-over-year, attributable to geographic mix, year-end adjustments of taxes on export sales, and finalization and settlement of our prior-year tax obligations. For 2021, the company had cash from operations of $516 million, compared to $612 million in the prior year. As working capital increased, primarily due to sales growth, increasing accounts receivable, and inventory increasing due to mitigation strategies to combat supply chain disruptions, along with inflationary effects year-over-year on product costs.  Capital expenditures were $106 million for the full year compared to $77 million in the prior year. Free cash flow was $410 million for the year compared to $535 million in the prior year. In 2021, the company paid approximately $127 million in dividends and repurchased $600 million of company stock. Total debt was $1.24 billion at the end of the fourth quarter and we ended the year with a debt-to - EBITDA ratio of 1.8.  Cash and cash equivalents were $31 million at the end of the year. Now, before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2022. Our underlying market assumptions for the year remain the same. We expect the industry to see low single-digit shipment growth in residential, and mid-single-digit shipment growth in commercial, unitary, and refrigeration markets in North America. Our guidance for 2022, revenue growth remains 5% to 10% with neutral foreign exchange impact.  And we are raising our guidance for GAAP and adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $13.40 to $14.40, to a new range of $13.50 to $14.50. This reflects the net of a lower expected effective tax rate of 18% to 20% compared to our prior guidance of approximately 20%, as well as higher interest and other expense approximately $40 million compared to prior guidance for $35 million.  Now, let me run you through some of the other key assumptions in our guidance and the puts and takes for 2022, all of which are unchanged. Pricing is expected to be a benefit of $235 million for the year, which is about a 5% yield. Factory productivity and production from our third Mexico plant is expected to be a $20 million benefit. We are guiding for residential mix to be neutral. Tariffs are also expected to be neutral, and we assume neutral foreign exchange impact. For the headwinds of -- in 2022, we still expect a $110 million headwind from commodities.  A headwind of $60 million from components have offset by $30 million of cost take outs for a net $30 million headwind. Freight is still expected to be a $5 million headwind. We will be at more -- at a more normal run-rate with distribution investments this year with 30 new Lennox stores planned. SG&A is expected to be up $45 million this year, including our investments in Research and Development and Information Technology.  A few other points. Corporate expenses are still targeted at $95 million, and we are planning capital expenditures to be approximately $125 million this year. Free cash flow is targeted at $400 million and finally, we expect the weighted average deluded share count for the full year, to be between 36 to 37 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $400 million of stock this year. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen just a quick reminder. [Operator Instructions]. And first go to the line of Nicole Deblase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole Deblase: Yeah, thanks. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole Deblase: I guess maybe we could start with looking across 2022. It seems it might be a bit of an unusual year. Any update on your thoughts on the quarterly cadence and earnings and maybe just categorize it relative to the normal seasonality you would see in your business?
Todd Bluedorn: The way we plan right now and way we expect it to be is, well, the last couple of years have been abnormal, while last two or three go all the way back to tornado. I think if you go back past pre - COVID pre -tornado, I think it's more of a normal cadence. Our best guess is that's how it's going to lay out, normal to prior years.
Nicole Deblase: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Todd. And I guess from a commodity perspective, saw that you guys maintained exactly what you said at the analyst day last month. Commodity cost have continued to tail off a little bit. Is that a potential source of upside if that trend continues or is the advanced purchases hedging you guys do, does that make that difficult for 2022?
Todd Bluedorn: No. If commodities go down, especially steel, which is our largest, and we don't hedge it, it will certainly be a benefit. I mean, we're not changing that because it wiggles one way or another. And we take guesses on what the balance of the year is based on what futures are predicted to be. Short answer is, if commodities goes down, that's good news.
Nicole Deblase: Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. Good morning. Maybe Todd, starting out with your views around volume growth in residential over the year, any commentary on how the year has started out for your resi volumes and any kind of major cadence as we go through the year, I think relative to your low to mid-single-digit volume growth that resi does in the guide?
Todd Bluedorn: The short answer is we're starting out strong. I mean, we got lots of “orders and backlog”, although that's tough in this business. But given supply constraints, we have lots of people telling us they need things. The orders remained strong but as you well know, it's tough to predict much from January. I think the short answer is consumer seems strong, still buying, we get to a warm summer I think it's going to be another record year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks very much. And then in commercial maybe a couple of things. One is just any finer points on the confidence on that profit expansion by mid-year, other than easy comps on profitability. And then how do you see that backlog in commercial playing out? I think in a lot of industrial facing, and commercial businesses backlogs may be peaking right now, and then start to bleed down a bit. Do you see that as likely to happen this year?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't think so. Again, I get the years confused, but in 2020, the industry was down 20% and so the HVAC discretionary spending went way down. It's come back partway this year and I expect it to continue to grow in 2022 and we certainly have record backlog again, driven by supply constraints -- production constraints. But everything we can see, it still feels very strong and [we’re charged](ph) when we talk to our large national accounts. Obviously [Indiscernible] fourth-quarter [Indiscernible] year on the margins.  There's a couple of reasons for that. One is we have one factory, it is in Stuttgart, Arkansas been very hard hit by COVID. There were days in fourth quarter where over 25% over quarter the hourly workers didn't come in because of COVID. Either they had it or they were close contacts. Similar impact we had with Omicron in January. I think the good news is that's starting. It's like the python swallowing the rat.  I think it's now going through the system. We're on the downside. Also, been hit by supply chain issues; harder there than anywhere else and I think we worked through those. We have a strong production team there. I think we're focused on the right things. So then you're right. I mean, I got a lower baseline to come from. I feel pretty confident we will be back year-over-year growth and profitability by mid-year.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, maybe just update us on, your inventory levels. What you think channel inventories look like? I know these seasonal weaker periods you've been trying to catch up.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. We're still low on inventory both in residential and specifically in commercial. That's why you saw emergency replacement down 40%, our ability to have the inventory on the ground. So we're focused on driving it up. People who look at the detailed charts will see our inventory levels are up year-over-year for fourth quarter but that's driven by a couple things. That's driven by the increased cost of components and labor so the inflationary pressures and also we have a lot of WIP in raw material.  So we're pulling together material and we'll miss a piece or a part and we won't be able to finish the unit and so some of that's go in there. Then I think the distributor channel through our Allied business I still think that's relatively lean, so I don't think we've peaked out in any way. I think there - in our sell in to competitors, Carrier and Trane I don't -- I think their distribution is the same way. I don't think Watsco has too much inventory yet. I think people are still buying.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on supply chain, can you talk about where you think you're starting to see some stabilization or relief, versus maybe whereas things are still very problematic?
Todd Bluedorn: It's a continuing changing picture, if you will. I -- back in December when we spoke, I was confident and remain confident. But Omicron, I think -- I don't think I know had an impact. Backed everybody up a bit. And specifically in our factories, Omicron hit hard in January. We still feel confident for the quarter, but had an impact in January. The supply chain is healing. Although I would tell you there's still a card or two on Omicron that has to be turned over on the impact that's had on the supply chain.  We're having fewer issues on the things. We had big issues with controls, steel, aluminum packaging, sort of all those things, I think are in the rearview mirror. We have a great team focused on this. We're doing all the things you'd expect us to do, and I talked about were in supplier's locations. We're investing in inventory. We're spending millions of dollars air-freighting in components from Asia, and make sure we have safety stock.  We're doing all the right things. I just think every time I wanted a clear victory -- excuse me, COVID takes a slightly different direction or a large direction. I think Omicron is the last piece. I think that's now behind us in our factories. I think it's broadly behind our supply base, and I think we heal quickly because again what our factories have seen with Omicron [Indiscernible] went up like a rocket, coming down like a rocket. But you tell me what COVID is going to do then I'll be certain what [Indiscernible] going to do.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, appreciate the color, Todd. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning. Thanks. So first question, Todd, it looks like production was right down the middle in 4Q. Any change to the outlook for production in the first half either way?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not sure I understand the question.
Ryan Merkel: Production rates, meaning factory productivity, any change to how you're thinking about that for first half?
Todd Bluedorn: Our guide's to guide, I mean -- and again, it's as you know multi-variable equation we hope to do better. And they will see.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. And then what are the key focus points and opportunities you are looking at over the next couple of quarters. I assume supply chain and solving that's number one, but what else is there?
Todd Bluedorn: Supply chain, price, drive productivity in our factories as we stabilize to production and inventory rates. And then the third is our strategic investments, whether it's a product and we have some great new product coming out over the next 18 months. Digitization, which you know a lot about, and then continue to build out our distribution, our store strategy in North America. So, first our team is laser-focused on keeping the product flowing, or improving production, driving productivity, getting price, and continue to focus on strategic investments.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Morning and thanks for taking my questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Tom.
Tommy Moll: Todd, I wanted to focus on labor and wages today. What context can you give us on the level of wage inflation you're seeing here in the U.S., versus maybe in Mexico as well, and the level of difficulty in hiring new employees at this point? What update could you give us there?
Todd Bluedorn: We've been fighting that battle for a year-and-a-half, maybe for two years. And, we've raised wages in our factories pretty significantly, 10% -15% depending on the factory, some even more. We pay premiums to get people to work second and third shift on our factories, both in Mexico and North America. I think it's all pre -stabilized at this point. I think the one factory that we've had the most issues with, but I think we're now focused on the right levers is the one that's been hit hardest in the margins, which is our [Indiscernible] our Arkansas factory, that may be the most rural of our factories.  Just hard to get to employees, but I think we've balanced away traits to get that and that's obviously all in the guide. And again, as you know, our cost of goods sold is less than 10% direct labor. So we have some flexibility to pay what we need to do to get people in.
Tommy Moll: Thanks. That's helpful Todd. Just to follow up on your stores roll out this year, I think you said 30 earlier. Can you give us any sense of the timing across the quarters and what, if any revenue benefit from those new locations is embedded in your guidance?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't think much revenue. I think mathematically, mechanically, people back or something. I think it's more of the stores we opened this year start to kick in and -- or excuse me, in 2021 kick in and have some revenue and back, we typically are back and loaded on stores just because we start to freeze things up in March as we prepare for the summer selling season and we don't want to distract the Salesforce. And so I don't have the list in front of me, but historically it's been 2/3 or so second half of the year and my guess is that's what it will be this year.
Tommy Moll: Appreciate it. I'll turn it back.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Todd, I got to ask the where are we on the CEO search, if you can say anything?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, it's the same placeholder answer that may be given since it began. And it will be -- it's the -- independent directors have -- are engaged in the search, and when they have somebody as my replacement, we'll announce it. And Adam Schefter may say something different, but when we have somebody we'll announce. That's for the football fans out there.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, just confirmed the returns everything. Brady just announced it.
Todd Bluedorn: He announced it. Well, I have no announcement.
Gautam Khanna: Just related to the Commercial business, can you update us on your views on IAQ and what the pace of inquiry is been around that? And do you have any view that's changed on what the average ticket size can be in the commercial space in the resi space relatively to the cost of the system? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Now, I'll answer the second part of the question first. Our point of view, or my point-of-view personally hasn't changed. I think it's an important product offering to have. I think it's important to talk to your customers about. I think when you sell it, it can improve to ticket by 10%, 15%, 20%. But it's not every application. I think as we get through the pandemic and it becomes an epidemic or whatever the right phrase is.  I think some of the focus on this start to pass. I think it's important that we have it. Now I'll be honest with you, over the last quarter or two. We are so focused on taking care of core customer requirements given the production issues. We talked about IAQ or selling it. But I would tell you the sales force is spending a lot of time just taking care of base requirement.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nigel Coe, with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Oh, hi. Good morning. Thanks, Todd. So just going back to Nicole's question on normal seasonality, quote-unquote normal. You mentioned obviously pre -COVID tornado Scanning the numbers suggest 10% or below. Is that what you're thinking towards in terms of normal seasonality? Second part of my question really is, any expectations we should have around 1Q margins, the recovery, the sequential ramp from 4Q. Would you expect 4Q to be sort of fairly normal, since is 1Q? If that question makes any sense, was wondering a situation about margins and that seasonality for 1Q specifically.
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the specific question. I'm not going to get to tightened into answer because I don't want to get into habit of giving quarterly guidance. I think if I was [Indiscernible] a model, I would normalize it based on our track record pre - COVID, pre tornado. That's roughly what it's going to be. I think Q4 may have some strength compared to prior Q4s, if there's any prebuy. But right now I don't -- my best guess is there won't be much of one. Q1 demand strong, but were supply constrained, and so I don't -- I think that will hinder what we can do in Q1 and some will [Indiscernible] into Q2. I think it's always with us. It's going to be a second and third quarter game.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then just my follow-on is around the mix neutral and Residential for FY2022, I think we had some mix down during 2021 so I thought we might get some relief on that especially the semi. The semi supply is getting better so just as curious to know what's driving that assumption for neutral mix. And I'm just wondering the pre -buy effect into that.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don't think it pre -buys factors in a major way, because I just said we're not counting much on that. I think maybe there's some conservatism in that number. I mean, we just got to get our -- as you know, our -- at least what I've spoken about our Mexico factories performed the best for us. And that's where we tend to have more the entry-level product. We've turned on some of our mid-tier and high-tier product that we hadn't allowed certain dealers to buy, that's now turned on. If we continue to ramp up in our Marshalltown factory, then maybe we have some positive news on mix.
Nigel Coe: Great. Thanks Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Just wondering if we could touch on price a little bit more. Todd, looks like on the exit rate on resi, you're going to be in the ballpark of what you're anticipating for the year on. I just wonder how much incremental price relative to your exit rate, do you actually need to get in the market to hit that? What is it? $235 million or so for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think what happens is you lap part of that. So part of the price that we got in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year comp goes away as we go into 2022, because it was the price increase that we announced in -- early in first quarter of 2021. So the answer is we still got to go stick price and we've announced it and we're confident we're sticking it. If again the numbers were giving your fourth quarter numbers, first quarter we're confident that we're going to get the price that we need as you suggested. We had 8% or so in fourth quarter in resi and that's an order of magnitude the number for next -- for 2022. Full year we need to get six. I think Joe said 5%, that's 6% on my notes so it's probably 5.5 price in 2022, and we're confident we're going to able to do that.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yeah. It is 5 1/2, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Great.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. Good then. And just one more peculiarity and maybe I heard it wrong, but it looks like refrigeration got less price in the quarter, and then in the year, is that correct? Everything else seem to be building over the course of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, not on that one.
Jeff Sprague: I think Joseph can answer that one. Joseph price up one, I think for the quarter and up three for the year. Maybe I wrote that down wrong.
Todd Bluedorn: And what's yours question about that?
Jeff Sprague: I just want to confirm that's correct?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Jeff Sprague: It is. Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: Joe, you know that?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yeah.
Todd Bluedorn: What I have in my notes is, for the year, we got about 5% pricing. In 2022, we need to get 5% price in Refrigeration. And we're confident we're going to able to do that. But I think they're confirming the numbers, $1 million in fourth quarter, $3 for the year.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next will go to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Guys, can you help me maybe parse out the margin headwinds in 4Q and resi, given you did exit with eight points of price? Just trying to understand what you felt the impact in. And then, should we be anticipating a similar impact in 1Q in the resi business?
Todd Bluedorn: I think one thing to think about is on a year over year basis, we had 6% fewer days. That was worth order of magnitude 10 million of EBITDA. And then the other impact in [Indiscernible] was the COVID impact. And I think that will be less in first quarter than it was in fourth quarter. And that was order of magnitude another 10 million. So there's sort of 20 million of headwind between COVID and 6% fewer days on a year-over-year basis that -- that don't impact first-quarter.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then I guess maybe just kind of thinking through the commercial business, and getting back to like pre COVID margin in that business. It's the expectation for 2022, we don't quite get there, but you'll see meaningful improvement in the second half, maybe we start to see those kind of rates in 2-H?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's right. I don't think we get back to where we were pre -COVID, and Commercial and one year, I think will take a couple of years and that is acceptable, be mid-year when we start the improvement. But again, I think all the pieces are there we got the product, we have customer demand, we just got to get the factory Hammond.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, helpful. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question will be from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is [Brandy] (ph) for Josh. How are you?
Todd Bluedorn: Good. How are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Question on commercial market share. I know the timing of business differences make it a little hard to compare to this, but do you have a sense for how your Commercial businesses did in 2021 versus your comparable light unitary markets?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we lost share. I don't think there's any doubt about that. [Indiscernible] I [Indiscernible] the numbers. I don't give the exact numbers, but we lost share. I don't -- it's less than a point of share because share moves slowly in commercial. But we lost share. And I think in our residential businesses, we are flat to slightly up but the production issue is in commercial artists.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And then on resi mix up 1%, do you have an idea of what mix was within replacement, and how 2021 mix within replacement compares to a typical year?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don't have that in front of me. I'll have Steve dig that up and get back. I think the answer is for that -- but I have in the math in front of me is we didn't have the normal mix up in replacement, that we typically would because we were able to produce more products in our Mexico facility, which is more entry level. And so we steered customers to more entry-level product and we typically would. And so I think on a full year basis, replacement mix was probably flat to slightly down.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you.
Operator: I'll turn it back here. Go ahead if any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us to wrap up and challenging conditions Lennox International team is executing well, capitalize on market opportunities, and we look forward to a year of strong growth and profitability in 2022. Thanks everyone again for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-25 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2021. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook for 2021. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourselves to a couple of questions or follow-ups and requeue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our annual investment community meeting. The event will be held the morning of Wednesday, December 15. The format will be virtual again this year. Please mark your calendars. Invitations and more details will follow. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Strong demand continued in the third quarter across all our businesses but global supply chain and COVID-19 disruptions to production and labor availability negatively impacted our financial results, approximately a $75 million impact to revenue and $75 million to operating profit in the quarter. Company revenue was up slightly to a third quarter record of $1.06 billion, with the benefit of strong price in the shipment-constrained environment. GAAP operating income was down 3%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was relatively flat at $3.41 compared to $3.42 in the prior year quarter. Total segment profit was down 7% and total segment margin was down 120 basis points to 15.5%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was down 4% to $3.40, including approximately $0.55 of negative impact from the global supply chain and COVID-19 disruptions. Looking at business segment highlights for the third quarter. Residential revenue was down 2% and segment profit was down 6%. Segment margin was down 90 basis points to 20.3%. Residential revenue from replacement business is down mid-single digits. Revenue from new construction was up low-double digits. Lennox brand revenue was down low-single digits, and revenue from Allied and our other brands were up low-single digits. Market demand remains high entering the fourth quarter, and we remain bullish on the residential market as we look ahead to 2022 in the coming years. More people continue to work from home and run our HVAC systems than before the pandemic. With global warming, the hotter weather we are seeing has an exponential impact on reducing the life of cooling systems. And there are more complete HVAC system sales taking place with old R-22 refrigerant systems in replacement window. This is driven by the EPA ban on the sale and distribution of equipment using R-22 refrigerant effective January 1, 2010, and the ban of the production or import of R-22 refrigerant effective January 1, 2020. While R-22 refrigerant is still available in the market, it's significantly more expensive than 410A. In many cases, it's cheaper to replace with a new 410A system, which is also more efficient and comes with a new warranty than to repair the old R-22 system. From 2005 to 2010, 60% of air conditioners and heat pumps sold were R-22. The need to replace these has a meaningful benefit to residential growth. We expect these dynamics to lead to strong residential market conditions for the years ahead. In addition, Lennox and Allied will be running a proven playbook for market share gains. Moving to our Commercial business; third quarter revenue was up 2%. Commercial profit was down 42%. The segment margin declined 800 basis points to 10.7%. On top of supply chain shortages and bottlenecks disrupting production, our Arkansas factory was hit the hardest by COVID-19 in the quarter and labor availability was a significant issue. At constant currency, commercial equipment revenue was down low-single digits in the quarter. Within this, replacement revenue was up low-single digits with planned replacement up more than 20%, and emergency replacement down more than 30%. New construction revenue was down mid-single digits. Breaking out revenue another way, regional and local business revenue was down high-single digits. National account equipment revenue was up high-single digits. The team won two national account equipment customers in the third quarter to total 11 year-to-date. On the service side, Lennox National Account Service revenue was up mid-teens. VRF revenue was up more than 30%. In Refrigeration for the third quarter, revenue was up 10%. North America revenue was up more than 20%. Europe Refrigeration revenue was relatively flat, and Europe HVAC revenue was down mid-single digits. Refrigeration segment profit was up 12% as margin expanded 20 basis points to 10.6%. Looking ahead for both our Refrigeration and Commercial businesses, demand remained strong. Backlog is up approximately 60% for Refrigeration and 90% for Commercial, and order rates continue to be strong. Demand is clearly not an issue. But as we look at the fourth quarter, we continue to expect a material impact to production from supply chain shortages and bottlenecks. We currently expect a similar negative financial impact to our business as we saw in the third quarter, approximately $75 million of revenue and $25 million of operating profit. We continue to see broad inflationary pressures, including for commodities and components but we have enacted three rounds of price increases this year. The latest one was just on September 1 with a focus on staying ahead of inflation. The company yielded 4% price overall in the third quarter, including 5% in Residential. In addition to the carryover benefit next year from our June and September price increases, we're announcing additional price increases heading into 2022. Our Refrigeration business has announced a price increase of 8% in North America effective for December 1. Likewise, our European business has recently announced another round of increases generally from 5% to 10% to drive price in 2022. Our Commercial business has announced a price increase of up to 13% effective January 1, and our Residential business will be announcing another round of price increases in November to be effective heading into 2022. For 2021, we are narrowing our revenue and EPS guidance for the year. We are narrowing 2021 guidance for revenue from 12% to 16% to a new range of 13% to 15%. Foreign exchange is still expected to be a 1% favorable to revenue. We are narrowing 2021 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from $12.10 to $12.70 to a new range of $12.10 to $12.30. Our free cash flow guidance remains $400 million for the year. As the company continues to battle through the disruptions to production from the global supply chain in COVID-19, we are also positioning the company for the future. It's too early to set guidance for 2022 (ph), but as we think about next year, we expect strong pricing power to continue. The company yielded 4% in the third quarter which had just one month of benefit from the third price increase this year. For 2022, we'll have carry over price benefit from our June and September 2021 price increase. We have announced additional price increases in our next year with a strong price benefit to offset commodity headwind next year. Looking at market drivers and our strong backlog position and order HVAC Residential, Commercial unitary refrigeration up in 2022, as we get more and more of the supply disruptions behind us, we expect to return to strong growth and profitability as we capitalize on market opportunities. Now, let me turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $711 million, down 2%. Volume was down 6%, price was up 5% and mix was down 1%, with foreign exchange neutral to revenue. Residential segment profit was $144 million, down 6%. Segment margin was 20.3%, down 90 basis points. Residential profit was primarily impacted by lower volume due to global supply chain and COVID-19 disruptions to production, factory inefficiencies, unfavorable mix, higher material, freight, distribution, tariffs and other product costs, with partial offsets included favorable price and lower SG&A expenses. Now turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. In the third quarter, Commercial revenue was $212 million, up 2%. Volume was down 6%, price was up 1% and mix was up 6%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $23 million, down 42%. Segment margin was 10.7%, down 800 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by lower volume due to global supply chain and COVID-19 disruptions to production, factory inefficiencies, higher material, freight, distribution, tariffs and other product costs, with partial offsets included favorable price and mix. In Refrigeration, revenue was $137 million, up 10%. Volume was up 9%, price was up 2% and mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $15 million, up 12%. Segment margin was 10.6% which was up 20 basis points. Global supply chain and COVID-19 disruptions to production constrained revenue and profit growth. Segment profit was negatively impacted by factory inefficiencies and higher material, freight and SG&A costs. Results were positively impacted by higher volume and favorable price. Regarding special items in the quarter, the company had net after-tax benefit of $0.5 million that included a benefit of $2.7 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation and a net charge of $2.4 million in total for various items excluded from segment profit, including personal protective equipment and facility deep cleaning expenses incurred due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a net benefit of $0.2 million for other items. Corporate expense was $16 million in the third quarter, down from $28 million in the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower incentive compensation. Overall, SG&A was $134 million compared to $152 million in the prior year quarter. SG&A was down as a percent of revenue to 12.7% from 14.4% in the prior year quarter. In the third quarter, cash from operations was $222 million compared to $440 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $23 million in the third quarter compared to approximately $12 million in the prior quarter. Free cash flow was $199 million in the third quarter compared to $428 million in the prior year quarter. The company paid $34 million in dividends and repurchased $200 million of stock in the quarter. Total debt was $1.28 billion at the end of the third quarter and we ended the quarter with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.8. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $44 million at the end of the third quarter. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review current market assumptions and our guidance points for 2021. For Residential and Commercial unitary HVAC and Refrigeration markets in North America for the full year, we continue to expect low double-digit shipment growth for the industry. For the company, we are now narrowing guidance for 2021 revenue growth from 12% to 16% to a new range of 13% to 15% and we still expect a 1% benefit to revenue from foreign exchange. We are narrowing guidance for 2021 GAAP EPS from continuing operations from $11.97 to $12.57 to a new range of $11.97 to $12.17. And we are narrowing 2021 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from $12.10 to $12.70 to a new range of $12.10 to $12.30. And as previously mentioned, the fourth quarter of 2021 will have a headwind of 6% from fewer days than the prior year quarter. The first quarter of 2021 had a 6% benefit from more days than the prior year quarter. For 2022, there are no days differences, I'd like just to highlight. Now, let me run you through the key points of our guidance assumptions and puts and takes for 2021. First, for the items that are changing. We now expect a benefit of $130 million from price for the year, up from prior guidance of $110 million benefit. We continued -- with continued inflation and components, we are reducing our net savings from sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction to neutral, down from prior guidance, to be a $5 million benefit. We now expect LIFO accounting adjustments to be approximately $20 million this year, up from our prior guidance of $15 million due to higher material costs from inflationary pressures. About 40% of that was in the third quarter and about 40% is expected in the fourth quarter. Factory productivity is now expected to be a $10 million headwind, down from prior guidance, to be a $10 million benefit. Residential mix is swinging from a $10 million headwind -- excuse me, swinging to a $10 million headwind from a $10 million benefit and corporate expense is now expected to be $95 million, down from prior guidance of $100 million on lower incentive compensation. Overall, SG&A is now expected to be approximately a $40 million headwind, down from prior guidance of $45 million. Within SG&A, we continue to make investments in research and development and IT for continued innovation and leadership in products, controls, e-commerce, factory automation and productivity. For headwinds that are unchanged from our prior guidance, commodities are still expected to be a headwind of $80 million and freight is still expected to be a $5 million headwind with tariffs still expected to be a $5 million headwind as well. Other guidance items that remain the same: foreign exchange is still expected to be a $10 million benefit; we still expect a net interest and pension expense to be approximately $35 million; the effective tax rate guidance remains approximately 20% on an adjusted basis for the full year; and we still expect capital expenditures to be approximately $135 million this year, about $30 million of which is for the third plant at our campus in Saltillo, Mexico. This is still on track to be completed by the end of 2021. Pilot runs of the initial products took place in mid-October. We now plan to start initial production before the end of 2021 and ramp up to full production in mid-2022 and we expect nearly a $10 million in annual savings from that third plant. Free cash flow is targeted to be approximately $400 million for the full year. In the third quarter, we repurchased $200 million of stock to complete our target of $600 million for the full year and then guidance for our weighted average diluted share count for the full year remains between 37 million to 38 million shares. And with that, operator, let's now go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to understand from you how you're thinking about sort of the pace of the catch-up here from some of these issues, the $0.55 headwind in Q3, similar in Q4. How quickly can Lennox sort of come back from these headwinds when you're thinking about aspects like market share recapture, getting those plant inefficiencies down into 2022?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Let me unpack it and sort of swing away at that question because that's obviously the topic of the day. When we get AHRI data, we look through August year to date, we're sort of flat on shares. So, I think others are having issues too. I know Watsco reported a larger number. But again, their carriers primary are top distributor. If you looked at top 80% dealers and distributors, they're up also, it's a 20% or 30% that we're shutting off that are down so much. So, I think share wise, I think we're sort of doing -- our sense is, different people or different OEMs at different times have had their turn in the penalty box. We think we're middle of the pack, maybe even slightly above middle of the pack. But let's see how others report and sort of see where they're at. In terms of the timing of getting things behind us, we're making very good progress, both on the COVID impact, which I'll talk more about in a second and about the supply chain impact. Things are getting better. Although financially, fourth quarter looks similar to third quarter, that's just the way it works because the costs get hung up on the balance sheet. You don't see it until you sell it. So, it is sort of the absorption impact and the overtime impact and our problems are being seen. And then on the revenue side, it's because we're entering -- we ended the quarter with lower inventory than what we need. But on the production line rates, we're seeing nice improvements. So let me unpack it a little bit. 65%, 70% or so of the issues are driven by supply chain, the balance from COVID. Let me talk about COVID first. We saw unplanned absenteeism in our Southern factory, South Carolina, Arkansas, Georgia, Mississippi, double due to COVID. The good news is the Delta variant has really sort of run its course in our factories, and we're confident, at least as we stand today, that the worst is behind us. On the supply chain side, I mean it's the things we all know. It's integrated circuits which are in motors, which are in compressors. It's things as mundane as corrugated cardboard and pallets. We've aggressively worked to sort of address that. We're taking inventory in parts and buying a year's worth of inventory in things like integrated circuits to protect ourselves. We're requalifying different parts with suppliers, and we have tiger teams literally in key factories making sure -- and supplier factories getting what we need. So, it's not the best news, obviously. But from a competitive viewpoint, at least today, we've seen so far, we don't think we're losing much. We think others are in similar situations, although we haven't seen all the OEM numbers published, but what we see in share data from AHRI, and we think COVID is behind us to a large degree in supply chain, while we're still battling, it's better now than it was a month ago and significantly better than two months ago, although we'll still see the tail of the financial impact in Q4.
Julian Mitchell: That's really helpful, Todd. And maybe just one follow-up on residential market demand. You emphasized your bullishness on the market trend there as you look at 2022. The volumes in Lennox Residential, I think, were down about 6% year-on-year, Joe had said, in Q3. Are you sort of thinking that, yes, there's some noise in there from sort of inventory absorption and supply chain, and so that’s sort of flat-to-down slightly is a good sort of placeholder year-on-year for the next couple of quarters? And then as you go through 2022, momentum sort of year-on-year on volumes reaccelerate?
Todd Bluedorn: I think high level, it is yes, but let me put it in my own words which I think will be constructive to your question. If you adjust for the volume miss that we have because of production, our Lennox Residential revenue's up 2%, 3%, 4%. And I think compared against the very tough third quarter comp, that we had from last year that people were really intimidated by, including us, quite frankly, I think would have been a very nice performance. And then I lay on top of that all the things you've heard me talk about around the units running longer, that R-22 systems 60% from 2005 to 2010, and the system sales kick in and the fact that it just continues to be warmer summer. So, I still feel as we've talked about, bullish about the market.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, everyone. Todd, maybe you can jump into this mix shift. I think you swung at $20 million on the guide. Is that what people are buying or is that tied to the supply chain and COVID issues?
Todd Bluedorn: It's tied to COVID issues. I mean we talked about the resi business that new construction was up and replacement was down, and there's a couple -- one supply -- the other issue is we protected our big builders, for obvious reasons, and so that drove it. And then on the supply side is our Mexico facility has -- Saltillo has been the most resilient facility around both COVID and around supply chain for a myriad of reasons, and it's a lower mix of product category that comes from there. So, we would have been able to have a more rich mix if we were to produce more out of Iowa, not South Carolina and not Mississippi.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on the -- I mean, it sounds like the COVID dynamic is getting better and who knows what happens with resurgence. But the supply chain dynamic, is your thought that, that carries well into '22? Or I know you mentioned it getting better but when do you think you’d get back to normal there?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not sure it's the honest answer. I think what I know on a micro level when we look -- when I sit out with the businesses and supply chain reviews is it's better -- like I said, it's better than a month ago. It's better than two months ago, significantly better than three months ago. And we're sort of putting things to bed around integrated circuits because when we find them, we buy them and we have significant inventory to buffer us. But I think we're close enough to 2022 that I think clearly supply chain issues in corporate America or industrial America aren't done.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on price, if we snap the line on all the increases you've announced or planning to announce, like is a 4% kind of favorable price a good starting point to think about for 2022?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean we're going to get significant price. I mean math that I'll give you is what we said on the call which was in the script, we got 4% in Q3, resi was up 5% and we guided at $130 million for the full year. If you do the math which you will when you have time, through Q3, we're up about $70 million. And so that implies we're going to get over 6% prices at corporation in the fourth quarter. Now that's going to be the best run rate quarter. But we still -- you think about second, third and the fourth quarter price increases this year, we're going to have lots of Carrier we're going into next year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Great, thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Hey, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Todd, can you just pick up on price a little bit more? So it sounds like we should expect a normal kind of December-ish, January-ish bump of some reasonable magnitude also.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean we -- what we tried to convey in the call or on the script was we've already announced Commercial up to 13% effective, I think, January 1. And the resi guys are just sort of putting the final wraps on things to probably aggravate me because they want to communicate it probably on their own but we're going to announce something similar for resi effective January 1. And then Refrigeration already went out both in Europe and the U.S. in December with pricing -- for pricing increases effective December. So yes, there's another way that's effective in essence at the end of the year.
Jeff Sprague: And I wonder if you could actually update us on the succession process, where that's at. Any other kind of update on expected timing or anything?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think it's as is. I mean the search is ongoing, Board's fully into it. And when we have something to say, we'll announce it, I think, is the long and short of it.
Jeff Sprague: Great. I'll leave it there. Thank you, guys. I appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll go to Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. So first off, when do you expect to shift the $150 million of pushed res? And was the majority in commercial? Or what's the rough split?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll answer the second part of the question. I'm not sure of the first part of the question but the second part of the question is, in third quarter, it was more resident -- excuse me, more Commercial than Residential. And then the fourth quarter will be more Residential than Commercial. And sort of the split is like 60-40. So third quarter is 60% Commercial, 40% resi. In the next quarter, it's the flip. And then what's the first part of the question, when we're going to ship it?
Ryan Merkel: Yes, when you are going to introduce it and ship the push -- yes.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think it's sort of just -- I think what's happening -- short answer is in fourth quarter, right? So there's sort of a bubble that moves through the system. And some of the things we couldn't ship in fourth -- third quarter, we ship in fourth quarter. I think we will see an AHRI data when it comes out that third and fourth quarter will sort of be muted quarters industry-wide in units, i.e., it will be flat to down. And I think what that will mean is we've all had trouble producing, as I suggested. And we're sort of at the end of the season. And while some of the demand is being picked up by Watsco and people have some things but I think broadly, what's happening is the lead times from local dealers to install HVAC or air conditioners is long enough that people are deferring the replacement until the summer season in many parts of the country. Not in Phoenix, not in Miami but in many parts of the country, I think people are deferring because I think there'll be a bow wave when we enter -- when we get into 2022 when production picks up and we start to enter the summer selling season next year.
Ryan Merkel: Yes. That makes sense. Okay. And then for my follow-up, you hit on this a little, Todd but can you talk about the newer strategies you're implementing to offset the supply issues in COVID? And is there a time line you can share for when the company is going to see improvements from initiatives?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the answer is the time line was a month ago. So we're already seeing significant improvements from the initiatives. Just like I said, it just takes a while for it all to flow through the P&L. So I would have said the peak of disruption in our business was August, early September and we're now past that peak. And the things that we're doing is we have, I want to say, tens of millions of dollars, maybe it's a little less than that. It just feels like that of inventory of integrated circuits. We're buying 18 months a year of an integrated circuit inventory. We're sort of taking our MCR engineering team and focused them on qualifying new suppliers and we're spending lots of times with key suppliers. So I think the major ones are behind us. But again, this thing is a bit of a bumpy ride and we're trying to work through it and things are getting better. But if our motor suppliers call us on the phone and say they have an issue, we got to work through it quickly. And we've had those phone calls. We had compressors. I never thought I'd live in a world where pallets would be short but they are and we've worked through that also. So I think the answer is the financial news is -- I'm repeating myself for the fifth time, I know but the financial news is still bad in Q4 around this issue but operationally, we're much better. It just takes a while for the cost caught up in inventory to work it's way through the system.
Ryan Merkel: Helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey, good morning guys. Todd, just to kind of pick up that last comment on some of the good work's already been done and it's just a matter of time. I mean, I guess maybe specifically in commercial, not to get ahead of ourselves on '22 guidance but can margins start to kind of flatten out or go up on a year-over-year basis in the first half next year? Or do we need to kind of fully lap annually some of these dynamics before stuff gets better?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll be honest with you, Josh, I'm not trying to be coy. I don't have that -- I can't see that math in my head. But I think the answer -- I'll just make a third quarter comment, the fact we're down 800 basis points in the quarter, that's a one-off and we'll be back. What I do know is on a full year basis, we expect margins to increase in commercial next year from this year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the refrigerant dynamic that you talked about in resi, I think you're one of the only OEMs out there that sort of pointing to that as a specific driver, Watsco included, hasn't really noticed that per se. But anything that you can sort of put around that number-wise that's kind of driving that delta to the consumer? And maybe as kind of a side point, I remember like 10 years ago, recycling was supposed to be a big thing. Like why hasn't that kind of stepped in to fill in some of the supply or shortages there?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think Watsco's talking about it, too. I think everyone close to the business understands it. But I'll give you an example. Say, your house, Josh, you're getting a big unit. So you're getting a 5-ton unit for that 8,000 square foot you have in your house. And sort of the difference between a 5-ton air conditioner right now, the refrigerant charge, if you buy R-22 and assume there's 3-pounds of charge per ton, it costs you about $2,300 for the refrigerant. It's about $153 per ton. And for a 410A unit, it's about $1,100 because it's about $70 per ton of refrigerant. So that's about a $1,000 difference for a 5-ton unit of buying -- of recharging with refrigerant. So I have a unit that leaks, I have a bad coil and someone comes out and says, "Okay, it's $2,200 for me to put the refrigerant back in, plus there's some labor with that, or I can sell you a whole new system for $5,000. And by the way, that's only $1,000 refrigerant charge that's baked into that and you get a 10-year warranty and you get more efficiency." Those are the conversations that are taking place. And dealers know this. They're very, very good at this. And there's recycling that takes place but it's the -- it's just supply and demand and the R-22 spiked up and it will continue to spike up.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, that's helpful. I think we're more like vesting fans electric fan blowing over ice cubes but good example.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our Next question is from Patrick Baumann with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Patrick Baumann: Hi, good morning, Todd. Good morning, Jeff. Thanks for taking my question. First one, just looking at the fourth quarter and the guidance for organic sales. It looks flattish in terms of the year-over-year and I think you said price is about 6% and then you have a days sales impact which pulls down the revenue by 6% [ph]. I guess I'm coming at it and looking at it, I guess you're assuming flattish on volume. And my question -- on a selling days adjusted basis, that is. And my question is really what's your visibility to kind of improving that volume growth rate in the fourth quarter versus what it looked like was kind of low to mid-single-digit decline on volume in the third quarter. It just seems like from your comments, you're not really embedding improvement from like the disruptions from COVID and supply chain. So maybe it's availability related to furnaces versus AC or something like that. I'm just kind of curious if you could give some color on that.
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think it's tied to what I said, that I mean we entered -- we're already almost a month through the quarter and we entered low on inventory. And so my comments were around our product -- our production capabilities. And so they're materially better than what they were a month ago and even more better than they were two or three months ago. So I mean the guide's to guide but our production capabilities -- we're getting these issues behind us.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. Got it. The issues are behind but the impact from the disruptions are unchanged.
Todd Bluedorn: I said the issues are getting behind us, right? So I didn't say it's fixed, I said getting behind us. And then I said that the cost hangs up on the balance sheet and then you have to enter the quarter with the inventory to be able to sell and you sort of catch up as you go along. And so that's the issue that we face.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. And then my follow-up is on Commercial HVAC and I wrote this down quickly, so I just want to obviously confirm these numbers. But I think you said emergency replacement down 30% and planned replacement up 20%. And I'm just wondering if you could talk about the drivers behind that. And since it was emergency replacement that was down a lot, doesn't that -- isn't that by definition just hard to kind of recapture?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I didn't say we were going to recapture emergency replacement. So I didn't say that but I don't disagree with that. But what it reflects is we're protecting our national accounts which is, by the way, a higher margin business for us. So we've captured -- we're going after it. And yes, it's hard to replace emergency replacement. But what I said earlier I think others are having similar issues. So we'll sort of see what the market share shake out as.
Patrick Baumann: Understood. Thanks for the color. Appreciate the time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Todd, it sounds like the pricing environment is still rather constructive. So I'm just curious. Is there any sign of that momentum diminishing? Is there any lack of discipline among the players in the industry? And what's your confidence level that you can keep price cost neutral into 2022?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. It still remains constructive. I think that's Southern understatement, Tommy. I mean our price I said it's going to be up over 6% before. That's more than constructive. So the answer is we're aggressively getting priced. We're offsetting it this year even when we're sort of on our -- flatfooted going into it. But this year, we're going to get $130 million of price commodities is $80 million; LIFO which doesn't affects cost, $15 million; freight, $5 million; tariffs are $5 million, that all adds up to $105 million. And so we're more than offsetting those inflationary pressures this year and we'll even have a better performance next year.
Tommy Moll: Perhaps there was a little understatement there.
Todd Bluedorn: It's a tough quarter, Tommy. You've got to be helping me here. You can't get be [indiscernible].
Tommy Moll: I wanted to ask a follow-up on the SG&A line. Just anything you would do to level set us on any comparisons next year versus this year that may be squarely, whether they be favorable or unfavorable? Or should we think about next year as best you know today, any way where that line should deliver a typical type of incremental as we've been accustomed to expect?
Todd Bluedorn: I think broadly, I would say that I think sort of high level things I think about is as salary increases maybe up a hair more than normal, given sort of inflationary pressures that we're all seeing and labor issues that we see, I think that's probably true. Even though we've taken a step down second half of the year on -- we had a really, really strong first half of the year. So on a full year basis, incentive comp is up above target this year. And so we'll get a benefit next year when we re-base line it. And we'll continue to make the investments in products and distribution and in IT like we always do. So I think that's a long-winded way of saying there's some puts and takes but I would end up where you started with this as I would sort of look at a model over the last couple of years of SG&A increases and we're sort of going up less than revenue and that's what I would bake in.
Tommy Moll: Got it. Thank you, Todd. I'll turn it back.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So maybe just parsing out those price cost comments just a little further, Todd. So you mentioned the six points in the fourth quarter. I mean, should we be thinking about that as kind of like a run rate then into the next maybe the first half of 2022? And obviously, like those cost curves are starting to come down. So at what point do you think you start to get the benefit of that spread widening into next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the cost curves are coming down much lower than I thought. So steel, still pretty high. Copper is down a little bit but steel's -- aluminum is down out a little bit but steel's where we're most exposed at this point as we move away from two large degree copper coils. So I think it starts to take a while to unwind. I think over -- given the carryforward and the timing of things this year, commodities will still be up -- at least we're planning for commodities and our cost structure, given that we hedge and buy steel based on different formats to include prior quarter CRU pricing, we still expect commodities on a year-over-year basis next year to be up significantly. And we're pricing -- that's why we passed on a significant price increase at the end of the year. And so we're going to have headwinds again next year. We're really confident we're going to offset them with price though. And I think to answer your question, the price increases of last year were beginning of the year, second quarter, third quarter and fourth quarter of this year. So yes, we'll have some nice tailwind the first half of the year.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. No, that's helpful. I guess my one follow-on. And so you kind of referred to resi replacement being down mid-single digits. It sounds like supply chain certainly impacted that to some degree. And this conversation just around kind of R-22 and the potential replacement. I guess any other color that you can provide in terms of just what's left to replace? I don't know if you guys have dug into that any further and how to think about kind of like this resi replacement market as we head into 2022.
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. I mean, we haven't done the math on the 2005 to 2010, that's 60% R-22. But I would -- when you think about 2009, 2010, even 2008, there's a lot of those units still out there. I mean they don't -- they're under warranty up until last year or the year before, depending on the time slice so people just get it fixed. So those units are out there and systems are out there. And so I think it's a major driver of demand -- significant driver of demand.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, that's great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Next question from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Nobody asked about IAQ, so I figure I might as well. Can you comment on what you're seeing in terms of inquiries? How big it is maybe in the Commercial business?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean it still remains important but I'll be honest with you. I mean, it sort of gets pushed a little bit to the side, given the other issues that we have and how we're taking care of customers and how we're prioritizing customers. So the biggest market for us is probably schools and low-rise office buildings and inquiries are still strong and resi is still an important part. But as you know, I've been a little less bullish than others. So when I think about our opportunities going into 2022, I mean we'll drive and we're focused on it but some of these other issues are obviously much more important.
Gautam Khanna: Can you remind us what the incremental ticket size is if you do sell a system with IAQ add-ons? What is the portion...
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, if you do it on a resi system, it can be 20% or so. On a Commercial system, probably less than that, 10% to 20%. You sort of get the full package, if you get everything. If you just do MERV filters -- if you just upgrade filters, it's probably 3% or 4%, 5%. That's UV lights. That's sort of the whole thing.
Gautam Khanna: Helpful. And Todd, just to be clear, on the Q3 and Q4 impacts from COVID, is that almost entirely a Commercial issue? Or did it also impact the resi facility in South Carolina or Iowa? You mentioned Saltillo was a little more resilient but...
Todd Bluedorn: The factories that had impacted the most in order to the business was Arkansas. Our Arkansas factory which is Commercial but our Mississippi Residential factory and our Orangeburg, South Carolina Residential factory. So really sort of two resi factories and then the Commercial factory. And again, we think about lots of criteria where we put our factories. I know I will offend people when I say this but I'm going to say it anyhow. I mean we never had a criteria where people believe in science, right? And in the Southern factories, our vaccine rates are much, much lower than they are in other parts of the country, as you would expect, because society reflects that. And so we've had around some of these factories with 20%, 30% vaccine rates.
Gautam Khanna: And last question for me. You mentioned the mix dynamics. Is it also true that the higher-end SEER systems have more electronic components? And therefore, are more kind of at risk pinch points from the supply chain relative to the entry-level SEER products? Or is that not true? Does that also have an impact on the mix, just the supply constraint?
Todd Bluedorn: That's probably fair. I mean, I simplified it as thinking about it as production site that Mexico did better than Marshalltown, Iowa and we had lower mix there. But I think you're probably right, both around variable speed and around control systems. So my guess is you're probably right, if I dug in, that would probably be part of the answer.
Gautam Khanna: Got it. Thank you very much, guys.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Nigel Coe?
Operator: Nigel Coe, your line is open, if you're on mute, possibly.
Nigel Coe: Yes, I was on mute. Good morning, everyone. So when we talk about the improving conditions in supply chain sort of real time, are we talking primarily about labor availability and productivity in the factory? Or is it labor and supply of compressive motors? And then just a sort of subtext to that would be the Commercial impacts on replacement. Was that partly VRF imports from your -- from Medea? Or is that something separate?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll answer it maybe in reverse order. VRF was up in the quarter, so we weren't really impacted much there. But the emergency replacement was clearly impacted by availability because we were protecting our large national accounts. I mean we had to protect our existing customers before we went after new contractor business replacement. What was the first part of the question, Nigel?
Nigel Coe: Yes, it's really -- is it mainly labor that's gotten better for you? Or is it...
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. What's behind us? Yes. The COVID impact sort of unplanned absenteeism, that's sort of behind us at this point. And again, you should see it in the Southern states COVID case charts. So if you look at New York Times, look at Arkansas, look at South Carolina, look in Mississippi, they're down dramatically and we've seen that in our factories. So supply chain, we still have challenges that we're facing but it's much better than it was two or three months ago. And I think that's an order inventory positions that we've taken on critical components, investments we've made in qualified new suppliers. And I -- and then the third piece is, I think the supply chain itself is healing even if we hadn't taken actions on our own.
Nigel Coe: And then the auto companies are talking about some of these rare metals as constraints, magnesium and other metals that I can't even pronounce. But aluminum alloys are coming up as an issue. I know you're a consumer of aluminum but any sort of [indiscernible]?
Todd Bluedorn: No, not that's on my radar screen yet. I mean that may pop up in the future. But I think the issue around different metals has impacted the integrated circuit market in some ways. But I mean we buy straightforward aluminum and straightforward cold-rolled steel. So we're not buying anything exotic but that doesn't mean there might not be issues in the future. But right now, that's not an issue with us. And the auto guys slowing down has helped us with aluminum and steel, as you might imagine. And so that has actually helped.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Great. And then Todd, can we just address once again the CEO search. I mean you're not -- you're committed to the company until mid-2022. So would you describe the search right now as intense? Or is there a time -- still time on your hands? I mean are we talking about weeks, months? Any color there would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. It's intense. I think we all understand that once you announce something like this, the sooner you move on, the better. And I got my wheels -- I've got my hands on the wheel and I'm driving as hard as I can and fighting every day. But as soon as they get somebody then the transition will take place. And so it's intense. We're trying to get it done as quick as we can, or to better say it, the Board is trying to get it done as quick as they can.
Nigel Coe: Got it. Okay. Thanks, Todd.
Operator: Our next question is from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to come at the cost side of price cost a little differently here. Obviously, this year, demand has been, I think, better for the market than folks expected. So we've heard there might have been a little bit more spot buying of some of the commodities. Just curious if you would characterize this year as unusual on how much you buy in the spot market. I'm just thinking about next year, what you might have on hedged in terms of commodities versus what you had on hedged this year in terms of commodities?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I understand the question. I'm going to ramble around it and maybe directly touch on it and touch other areas. I think the inflationary pressures have hit us, to your point, of buying on spot in different ways but I think broadly -- not broadly, I communicated that commodities are still going to be up significantly next year. This is the way we see it going forward. I think the other way that inflationary pressures has hurt us in a way that we typically don't talk about is material cost reduction is usually $20 million to $30 million a year, where net costs were taking out. This year, it's closer to breakeven. And the delta isn't that we aren't doing cost reduction, we are. The delta is that people are passing on price increases to us. So we're also seeing pricing pressure from suppliers who are passing on things that have steel in it, that have aluminum in it and they're passing that on to us. And so when we go into next year, we'll have -- we'll also not have our normal material cost reduction here. But again, we're able to offset that aggressively with price and that's why we're seeing the new price at the end of this year.
John Walsh: Thank you for that. And then maybe just one on heat pumps. Are they meaningful -- are they a big enough part of the mix yet that they would have a mix impact, if there is actually one, from heat pumps? I don't know if they're actually accretive or dilutive to the overall margin for Lennox.
Todd Bluedorn: I think they're roughly in line with the margin. If we sell heat pump system with an outdoor heat pump and an indoor air handler, it's not dissimilar to the margins that we get if we sell an AC outdoor and a furnace indoor. And it's a meaningful part. It's, from memory, one-third or so industry-wide and with us of our total cooling capacity are heat pumps. So it's a meaningful part of our business. And we've made significant investments, as I've spoken about, we are coming out with a cold weather or cold region heat pump that allows you to buy them as far north as Canada and still have them to be energy efficient and appropriate. And so we've made significant investments. I would have said five years ago, we lagged the industry. I'd say now we've caught up and maybe even ahead of people maybe not sort of a Carrier who has made significant investments but almost everybody else we're ahead of.
John Walsh: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Our final question will be from Joe O'Dea with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Joe O'Dea: Hi, good morning, everyone. First, I just want to understand on Mexico. Is it strictly just you've had fewer COVID issues for disruptions there? Or is there anything else about Mexico and supply chain that has made that a more favorable place to be kind of manufacturing through what we've seen in the supply chain environment so far? And does that continue to pay dividends as you increase your capacity when that factory comes online?
Todd Bluedorn: I think one is COVID, that we were less hit there than we were certainly in our other factories in south of the Mason-Dixon line in the U.S. I think Gautam was probably on to something that I hadn't articulated, that I think the more entry-level product has less integrated circuits, so it's less at risk. And then the third is just some sort of basic areas like steel supply, pallet supply, the suppliers that we use for Mexico were more robust -- happen to be more robust. I don't think it's structurally in the answer that says Mexico is a better place to be for that reason. But the way it worked out, they, in fact, were.
Joe O'Dea: Okay. And then a question on emergency replace. I just wonder as you get kind of more connected equipment and more data and maybe more preventive maintenance. Does that just become less of an opportunity in the marketplace for share shift over time? Are you seeing that where you can better protect share because you're not losing it out if there's an emergency replace and someone tries to swoop in and get that?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't think so because in a sense, emergency replacement tends to be entry-level product, electromechanical controls. They're not monitoring it. We're not monitoring it. It's -- they turn it on when it's hot and they turn it off when it's cold and then it breaks and they call us. So I don't think we're going to remote monitor that in any meaningful way that will impact demand if people aren't booked -- if any -- if customers are sort of thinking about remote monitoring, then we're usually able to trade them up to a better unit.
Joe O'Dea: Got it. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Mr. Bluedorn, I'll turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks a lot. To wrap up, we're battling through supply chain disruptions today but also positioning the company for the future. We carry strong pricing power into 2022 to offset inflationary pressure. Looking at market drivers and our strong backlog position and order rates, we see residential, commercial unitary and refrigeration markets up in 2022. To get more and more of the supply chain disruptions behind us, we expect to return to strong growth and profitability as we capitalize on market opportunities. I want to thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International second quarter conference call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session at the end of the presentation. You may enter the queue to ask a question by pressing one then zero on your phone. Pressing one and zero again exits the queue.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the second quarter of 2021. I’m here today with Chairman and CEO Todd Bluedorn; and CFO Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance and outlook for 2021. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period.  You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. In the second quarter, we continued to see strong momentum on our residential business combined with continued rebound in commercial and refrigeration as the overall company set new record highs for revenue and profit. Company revenue was up 32% to a new record of $1.24 billion, at constant currency revenue was up 30%. GAAP operating income was up 59% to a record $216 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 72% to a record $4.51. Total segment profit rose 45% to a record $222 million. Total segment margin expanded 160 basis points to 17.9%, and adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 54% to a record $4.57. Looking at the business segment highlights for the second quarter, in residential we set new highs for revenue, margin, and profit. Residential revenue was up 30% as reported and up 29% at constant currency. Segment profit rose 49% and segment margin expanded 290 basis points to 22.6%. Residential had comparable revenue growth in both replacement and new construction of approximately 30%. Lennox brand revenue was up 30% as was our allied and other brands combined.  Broad strength across residential in the second quarter. Year-over-year comparisons become tougher in the second half, actually started in June, and as we previously mentioned, the fourth quarter of 2021 will have a headwind of 6% from fewer days in the prior year quarter. Our market demand remained high entering the second half, and our residential business continues to perform as well or better than anyone in the market.  Looking beyond the second half of the year to 2022 and future years, we remain extremely bullish on the residential market as we see the residential replacement cycle spinning faster due to shorter equipment life.  We analyzed the actual run time data on air conditioners last year with many people at home due to the pandemic. Adjusted for weather, air conditioners ran 30% more during the summer season last year. This summer, we may not be getting a run time impact of 30%, but there are still a lot of people working from home and many will continue to work from home full time, or like here at Lennox on a flexible schedule a couple days a week. If the run time impact is 20%, that will reduce the medium life of an air conditioner from 15 years to around 12 years. Another factor is weather and the impact of hotter summers. Our original analysis of air conditioner lifespan for years 2005 to 2015. Since then for the years 2016 through 2020, weather as measured by average cooling degree days has been 5% hotter in the United States. For 2021, we are still in the middle of summer, but the second quarter was even hotter than last year. Where run time impacts equipment life on a linear basis, hot summers impact equipment life on an exponential basis. Another reason we are bullish on the residential replacement cycle for the coming years is that there will be more complete HVAC system sales taking place as old R22 refrigerant systems come into the replacement window. For those not familiar with the history, the EPA banned the sale and distribution of equipment using the R22 refrigerant effective January 1, 2010, and banned the production or import of the R22 refrigerant effective January 1, 2020. While R22 refrigerant is still available in the market, it’s significantly more expensive than 410A. In many cases, it is cheaper to replace with a new 410A system, which is also more efficient and comes with a new warranty than to repair the old R22 system. This also accelerates the replacement cycle. We expect all these dynamics to lead to a strong residential market condition for years ahead. On top of this, Lennox and Allied will be running their proven playbooks for market share gains. Moving on to our commercial business, second quarter revenue was up 34% as reported, and 33% at constant currency. Segment profit rose 27%. Segment margin was 17.9%, down 100 basis points on the timing of expenses and factory inefficiencies. At constant currency, commercial equipment revenue was up more than 30% in the quarter. Within this, replacement revenue was up more than 40% with planned replacement up 50% and emergency replacement up more than 20%. New construction revenue was up high teens. Breaking out another way, regional and local business revenue was up more than 20%, national account equipment revenue was up more than 50%, and this market continues to rebound and benefit from the pent-up demand created last year. The team won six new national account equipment customers in the second quarter to a total nine in the first half.  On the service side, Lennox national accounts services revenue was up more than 30%. VRF revenue was up more than 25%. In refrigeration for the second quarter, revenue was up 37% as reported and 32% at constant currency. North America revenue was up more than 30%. Europe refrigeration revenue was up more than 30% at constant currency, and Europe HVAC revenue was up more than 25% at constant currency. Refrigeration segment margins expanded 90 basis points to 9.1% and segment profit rose 52%.  With the strong performance for the company overall in the second quarter and outlook for the second half, we have raised 2021 guidance. We now expect revenue growth of 12% to 16% on a reported basis or 11% to 15% at constant currency. We raised guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations to $12.10 to $12.70 for the year. We are raising free cash flow guidance to $400 million for the year and stock repurchase guidance to a total of $600 million for the year. Joe will talk about the specifics, but inflationary pressures continued to ratchet up this year, and we are seeing headwinds from commodities, components, LIFO adjustments, and labor. We’re capturing a higher yield from our first two price increases this year and now expect $110 million of price benefit from those. In addition, we just announced a third price increase of up to 8% for most of our businesses that is effective September 1. This should yield even more price benefit than the $110 million of guidance provided today, so a third price increase is not in our current guidance. This is a special year. Demand is blistering and supply chains are tight at this level of high demand, but the company continues to execute as well or better than anyone in the industry. One thing to note in regard to our public guidance this year. We have been incrementally moving the earnings outlook up one quarter at a time, now after the first quarter and again after the second quarter, so while our guidance is our guidance, given the unique uncertainty this year, we are remaining balanced on future guidance. Lastly, as I’m sure most of you saw, the company announced on July 14 that after 15 years, I plan to step down as Chairman and CEO of Lennox International by mid-2022. There’s never a perfect time for a transition like this, but with end markets strong and the company well positioned for the future with an exceptional management team, hard working and dedicated employees, and the benefit of all the strategic investments we’ve made in product, technology and distribution, we think it’s a good time. The board has commenced a search for LII’s next CEO, and I will be here over the next year to ensure a smooth transition. In the interim, managing day to day, be assured I’m in the ring punching until the final bell. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you Todd, and good morning everyone. I’ll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was a record $838 million, up 30%. Volume was up 27%, price was up 3%, and mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. Residential segment profit was a record $190 million, up 49%. Segment margin expanded 290 basis points to a record 22.6%. Residential profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price, higher factory productivity, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, freight savings, and favorable foreign exchange. Partial offsets included unfavorable mix, higher commodities, tariffs and warranty costs, distribution investments and higher SG&A, including research and development and information technology investments. Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business, in the second quarter commercial revenue was $253 million, up 34%. Volume was up 29%, price was flat, and mix was up 4%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $45 million, which was up 27%. Segment margin was 17.9%, down 100 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume and favorable mix. Partial offsets included higher material, distribution, freight, tariffs and other product costs, factory inefficiencies, and higher SG&A including research and development, and information technology investments. In refrigeration, revenue was $148 million, up 37%. Volume was up 30%, price was up 2%, and mix was flat. Foreign exchange had a positive 5% impact to revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $14 million, up 52%, and segment margin was 9.1%, which was up 90 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price and sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, and partial offsets included higher commodity, freight, and other product costs, and higher SG&A including research and development and information technology investments. Regarding special items in the second quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $2 million that included a charge of $1 million for restructuring activities, a net charge of $3.4 million for various other items in total, and a benefit of $2.4 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation and other tax items.  Corporate expenses were $27 million in the second quarter compared to $19 million in the prior year quarter, primarily on higher incentive compensation. Overall, SG&A was $168 million compared to $130 million in the prior year quarter. SG&A was down as a percent of revenue to 13.5% from 13.8% in the prior year quarter. In the second quarter, cash from operations was $192 million, up from $105 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $21 million in the second quarter compared to approximately $19 million in the prior year quarter. We generated $171 million of free cash flow in the second quarter, up from approximately $87 million in the prior year quarter. The company paid $29 million in dividends in the quarter and repurchased $200 million of stock. The total debt was $1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.7. Cash, cash equivalents, and short term investments were $47 million at the end of the second quarter.  Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our current market assumptions and our updated guidance points for 2021.  We now expect the industry to see low double-digit shipment growth in residential, commercial unitary, and refrigeration markets in North America for the full year, up from our prior assumptions of high single digit growth. This is an industry comment, including competitors who ship primarily to independent distributors, unlike our model.  As previously announced, on July 14 we raised guidance for 2021 revenue growth from 7% to 11% to a new range of 11% to 15% at constant currency. We now expect a one-point benefit from foreign exchange for revenue growth of 12% to 16% for the year at actual currency.  We raised guidance for 2021 GAAP EPS from continuing operations from $11.33 to $11.93, to a new range of $11.97 to $12.57, and we raised guidance for 2021 adjusted EPS from continuing operations from $11.40 to $12, to a new range of $12.10 to $12.70.  As we previously mentioned, the first quarter of 2021 had a 6% benefit from more days than in the prior year quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we’ll have a headwind of 6% from fewer days than the prior year quarter, as Todd mentioned. For 2022, there are no days differences like this to highlight. Let me now run through the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2021. First for the items that are changing, we now expect a benefit of $110 million from price for the year, up from our prior guidance of a $90 million benefit. The new $110 million price guidance reflects the additional yield we are capturing from our first two price increases this year. In addition, we announced a third price increase for up to 8% that is effective September 1 for most of our businesses. This will yield a price benefit on top of the $110 million we are currently guiding for full year price this year. Foreign exchange is now expected to be a $10 million benefit, up from neutral of our previous assumption, and we now expect an effective tax rate of approximately 20% on an adjusted basis for the full year compared to the previous guidance of approximately 21%. Free cash flow is now targeted to be approximately $400 million for the full year, up from prior guidance of approximately $375 million on stronger earnings performance in the first half and our current outlook. We are raising stock repurchase guidance for the year from $400 million, which we completed in the first half, to $600 million. For the headwinds from prior guidance, commodities are now expected to be a headwind of $80 million, up from our prior guidance of $55 million. With inflation and components, we are reducing our net savings from sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions to a $5 million benefit, down from prior guidance of a $15 million benefit. The higher material costs from inflationary pressures in 2021 are leading to a LIFO accounting adjustment of approximately $15 million this year. Factory productivity is now expected to be a $10 million benefit, down from a $20 million benefit in our prior guidance, and we are now planning for corporate expenses to be $100 million, up from $95 million in our prior guidance primarily due to higher incentive compensation. Now for the guidance items that remain the same, we still expect residential mix to be a $10 million benefit. With 30 new Lennox stores planned for this year, our distribution investments are up from last year to a more traditional run rate level. Freight is still expected to be a $5 million headwind and tariffs are expected to be a $5 million headwind. We are planning on SG&A to be up approximately 7% for the year, or a headwind of approximately $45 million, and within SG&A we are making investments in R&D and IT for continued innovation and leadership in products, controls, ecommerce, and factory automation and productivity. Now for a few other final guidance points, we still expect net interest and pension expense to be approximately $35 million. We still expect capital expenditures to be approximately $135 million this year, about $30 million of which is for the third plant at our campus in Mexico. We expect construction to be completed by the end of 2021 and to have the plant fully operational by mid-2022, and we expect nearly $10 million in annual savings from the third plant. Finally, we still expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 37 million to 38 million shares. With that, let’s now go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with Keybanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning everyone. Todd, first of all, congrats - it’s been a good 15 years together.
Todd Bluedorn: I agree.
Jeff Hammond: Just on price, it seems like the numbers you gave for 2Q are kind of low, just given the higher yields, and I just wanted to understand how you expect price to flow into the second half, particularly on commercial.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think you’re pulling on the right thread. It steps up. One, the second price increase in residential has a bigger bite in the second half of the year than the first half of the year, just sort of the timing of things, but for commercial and refrigeration, we got some price in second quarter but we’ll get significantly more second half of the year. Then as we talked about in the script, there’s a third price increase that’s announced September 1 - that won’t have much impact on commercial and refrigeration just given the lead times, but it will have a material impact for residential and that’s not currently in the guide. We’re still framing exactly what that will look like and we’ll update it on after the third quarter call. 
Jeff Hammond: Okay, and then your inventory levels look a little bit low for the season and the demand. Just talk about your ability to keep up with demand and where you frame inventory levels here as you go into this second half.
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve been transparent about this from the beginning - I think the entire industry is facing challenges. I think all corporate America is facing challenges with integrated circuits, with steel, with lots of things that we’re buying, but when we talk to our customers and our suppliers, the one thing that we’re confident on, and we see our own share position, so we know we’re gaining share, we’re doing as well or better than anyone in the industry. Look - we’d like to have more inventory right now, so you see that in the numbers and that’s clear, we’d like to have more product; and if we did, we’d probably sell more.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks a lot, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. First off, Todd, you mentioned the resi replacement cycle spinning faster and you gave us some nice data points. Can you just speak to how much this will increase HVAC demand annually, and what I’m trying to do is just trying to judge how impactful these changes are.
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think the most important metric that I gave is if you think the unit life goes from, on average, 15 to 12, so in other words the curve I always show shifts to the left by three years, what that does is it all doesn’t come into the market in one year but in essence, what you’re doing is creating all this demand that spreads out, I think over a multi-year period, and I haven’t specifically called it out because what I was trying to introduce is this very explicit point that the traditional way you guys and us--not you personally, Ryan, but the analysts have viewed it and the industry has viewed it is a very traditional boom echo analysis - when were the units put in place during the housing boom, how old are they, and how long do they last, and we’re introducing some new variables that are real, we’ve measured them, so when it spins and you take three years off the life, or 30% off the life or 20% off the life, then all of a sudden you’re creating much more demand over a five or six-year period, is sort of our best guess of how it will play out. That’s why we’re real confident of what we’ve been publicly saying that this mid-single-digit growth market for years and that we’re not afraid of a cliff. 
Ryan Merkel: Got it, okay. Makes sense.  Then second question, you raised revenues all year, but EBIT margins for the second half have come down. What explains this, if you were to rank order them? I think price-cost may be first, but just clarify that, if you would.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s inflationary pressures from components and commodities. I think it is the tightness of the supply chain that leads itself to productivity issues in the factories. We’re running overtime and sort of mixing up shifts to be able to juggle things. Then, I think the third thing is it doesn’t incorporate the third price increase yet, so I don’t think we get all the way back to 30% incrementals but I think as the price increase spikes and timing of some SG&A, I think it will look better than what’s out there now.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. All right, thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thank you, and congrats Todd - I know you’re here for another year, but it’s always been a pleasure to work with you. We’re going to miss you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. I feel like I’m Tom Sawyer at his funeral, if you’ve ever read Tom Sawyer. But go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, I totally get it. I was just going to ask, on the national account business, it was up quite a bit. I was wondering if you had any updates to your thoughts on how quickly commercial deferred replacement picks up, catches up.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I stand by my current view, it’s a year and a half to two years. That’s what I saw after 9/11 when I was at Carrier. That’s what I saw after the financial crisis that commercial buyers, national accounts, better stated, deferred planned replacement for a year or 15 months and they’ve now turned it back on. They don’t do it all immediately, and they don’t even do it all in a year - it’s 18 months to two years, so I think we have a nice tailwind in commercial.
Gautam Khanna: Okay, thank you. Then just another one on resi - last quarter, we asked about competitors and their ability to supply and if that’s benefiting Lennox in terms of share pick-up. Do you have an update on that, an updated view on whether some of your--you’re hearing in the channel that some of the competitors are just not able to get product and that’s conferring an outsized benefit to LII?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the answer is all the major competitors have one issue or another, because we’re all the same supply chain. Trane had an issue with their Tyler factory, Goodman’s had issues in Houston, so I think it’s all the challenge. What unfortunately happens in this type of environment is some of the lower end brands, people like Nordyne, maybe people like Green have a little bit of advantage because they’re able to pick up share they hadn’t before. We’re gaining share. We’re quite not frankly not gaining as much share as we could if we had more product, but we’re gaining share and I don’t think it’s one competitor. I think it depends on the marketplace, and I think what competitors are doing are protecting certain marketplaces and certain distributors, so I assume Carrier is protecting Watsco as best as they can, where some of their other distributors aren’t being protected as much.
Gautam Khanna: Great, thank you. Todd, one last one. What are your current views on consolidation in the HVAC industry, the likelihood of it and what might actually drive it if there’s a catalyst, because we’ve been talking about it for a long time but not a whole lot’s happened. Just curious if you have any views.
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll answer the question more broadly, but I’ll directly narrow the question. I think there was--well, I read all the things you guys write and some of the notes we’re talking about, whether my announcement had any impact on consolidation - there was somebody who suggested it might. I don’t think it matters one way or another what I’m doing on industry consolidation. In terms of the precondition for industry consolidation, I think it’s either someone’s willing to pay the Lennox premium to buy us, which I don’t think they will or need to, or whatever. I think the other way would be if someone who’s in the business decides to get out, and it’s hard to imagine that happens when resi’s going as well as it is. I’ve been very adamant over the years that someone like JCI is a commercial player and isn’t getting full value out of their residential business, but they feel differently and so it’s up to them to make a decision, or anyone else.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot, good morning. Maybe one question around the margin outlook. I just wanted to double check - are you sort of dialing in a mid-20s incremental margin for the year as a whole, so margins are down 100 BPs plus year-on-year in the back half, is that roughly the right way to think about it?
Todd Bluedorn: I was trying to be a little cuter than that. I think if you take our guide, it’s a hair lower than that, and that I was signalling that we had some additional upside versus the guide because of the price increase, that it was south of 30 but north of low 20s, so I think you’re probably in the right zip code.
Julian Mitchell: Perfect, thank you. Then just on the commercial business specifically, you had the margin headwind year-on-year in the second quarter. Just wondered, maybe some more background on what’s behind that and what you think happens to those commercial margins in the back half.
Todd Bluedorn: You know, there was a couple things that--well, three things that impacted commercial, two that have impacted all the businesses but one was sort of unique. One was just the timing of expenses - incentive comp and some SG&A expenses, of when they happened this year versus the prior year, and in a business that size you have a couple of those happen that can kind of hurt the margins. But the other maybe more important points are the things I’ve spoken about, which is inflationary pressures and their inability to get price during the quarter because they have--we had a larger backlog where it was already priced out, and we’ll start to get price second half of the year in a better way. Then the inefficiencies in the factories due to shortage of supply and labor shortages at our Stuttgart facility, so those are sort of all the things that led to lower margins. I expect that they’ll have a better performance, or we expect they’ll have a better performance for the balance of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. 
Todd Bluedorn: Of course, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Todd, I wanted to start by following up on your commentary on the replacement cycle potentially bringing the asset life in three years, give or take. You referenced some run time data that you’ve combed through, but I just was curious if there’s any more detail you could offer there in terms of the method or any surprises you came across - it seems pretty straightforward, but anything else you could offer there would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think we did it the way, Tommy, you might have thought we did, but I’ll say it for others. We have eye comfort on a lot of our units, tens of thousands of units, and we have access to the run times, so we were able to go in region by region, not quite zip code by zip code but region by region, adjust for the weather, make other adjustments we thought were appropriate, and then we were able to come up with the average run time of the units on a year-over-year basis, and that was around that, say, 30%, plus or minus 30%, but right around 30%. Then I did some Kentucky windage by just saying it’s probably not going to be that on an ongoing basis because we won’t have as many people working from home as we did last year, so then I just said, say it’s 20% instead of 30%, and that sort of felt right, at least from the world that I’m living in, because we still have a lot of people working at home and we will continue to have people working at home, even when we get to the other side of this. That’s where the 20% came from, and then 20% times 15 gets you three, 15 minus three gets you 12, and then I just sort of rolled into it to say the weather is 5% warmer the last three or four years than it was when we originally came up with the 15-year data point, and that 5% weather has a higher impact than just saying you reduced the life cycle by 5%. I didn’t even try and quantify it, but it’s sort of exponential in nature, so it’s sort of somewhere between 5% and 10%, maybe closer to 10% from having 5% warmer weather, and that’s sort of in the mix also. I wanted, as I’m repeating myself, just to introduce the concept of very traditional way of saying, okay, how many units were installed in 2006 and we’re 15 years forward, so that means it goes to zero - that’s not the way to look at this, and I think we all knew that there are other variables in play because it doesn’t explain what’s been happening in the market for the last couple years. The bears have been predicting resi turning for a while now and they’ve been wrong, and the reason they’re wrong, we think, are these new variables.
Tommy Moll: Thank you Todd, that’s helpful. I wanted to follow up on price. You’ve pushed two increases through, you’ve got another one announced for the fall. Just interested to hear you confirm, I think that you’ve yet to see any kind of gamesmanship across the industry, it seems pretty consistent across the group there’s no one trying to steal share with a little bit of price in this environment, and then if you think downstream just in terms of customers, has there been any pushback at all or does it feel like, at least for your Lennox brand, that your customers can pretty easily pass it along ultimately to the homeowner?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think the short answer is they can absolutely pass it on right now. In fact, if we had more units, I think we could price at whatever we wanted and many people would pay. On the competitor side, Carrier announced up to 8% effective September 1, AAON 5% effective September 1, Trane 7% effective August 7, Daikin 4% to 5% effective August 1, JCI 6% to 13% effective July 19, so we’re all in the pool together.  I think the other point I would make, and we’re not talking about 2022 yet or 2023 yet, but I’d remind everyone, and you know this, Tommy, but the way this industry works is you have this inflationary shock with commodities - and granted, this is different than anything we’ve seen before, but you have inflationary shock with commodities, and then when the inflationary pressure abates, you never pass the price back, and so we’re sort of roughly keeping up this year, although a little bit of lag in second quarter, the full year will be roughly in line, but then in the out years if you think cold rolled steel, which was $600 a ton 18 months ago and is now over $1800 a ton, you think it’s going to pull back at some point, when that happens we won’t give the price back, or if you think copper, it’s closer to 3 than to 450, we don’t give the price back, so there’s going to be an out year, whether it’s ’22 or ’23, where all that’s going to come back to us and we’ll still hang onto the price. Again, that’s why I feel good about the trajectory of the business and the business model.
Tommy Moll: Thanks Todd, I’ll turn it back.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: Why don’t you go to someone else, Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Next we’ll go to the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks guys, good morning. Congrats to Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Nicole, thanks.
Nicole DeBlase: I think you mentioned in the press release, there was unfavorable mix dynamics in resi. Can you just talk about that a little bit and the expectation for mix over the next quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, the biggest mix issue on resi is just that we’ve been able to produce more product out of the Saltillo factory, which is more entry level product, and so as we’ve been production constrained, we’ve been able to get more out of Saltillo, and that’s quite frankly due to the supply base in Mexico being able to stay with us longer than the supply base in the U.S. has done. That’s the major reason, and then the other reason is sort of the mix of the customers and just some of the customers that we were selling to had a slightly lower mix, but overall a good quarter for resi so I wouldn’t be concerned about the mix going forward. 
Nicole DeBlase: Got it, thanks Todd. That’s really helpful. Then I don’t think you commented in the prepared remarks, but you typically do - like, order activity in commercial and refrigeration, and I’d be curious how long the backlog goes out now. Are you booking into 2022?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we’re not quite booking into 2022 because if we did, we’d be in big, big trouble. I mean, typically what we see in this business, in our commercial business is entering a quarter, we’re about half the quarter on backlog and half we book and ship, so if we were quoting into next year, we’d be like the integrated circuit guys - we’d have long lead times that no one would buy from, so we don’t have that yet. I didn’t get into the order rates in the backlog just because they’re sort of silly high numbers because of where we last year at this time, but the answer is the momentum in commercial and refrigeration remains strong, and what I said about commercial having another year and a half to two years of strength is absolutely true and to a lesser degree if it’s still the same directional point as [indiscernible] refrigeration, so order rates and backlogs are extremely strong in both businesses.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it, thank you. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. Just as a reminder, if you wish to put yourself in the question queue, please press one then zero at this time.  Our next question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thank you. Good morning guys, and congratulations Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Todd, I want to focus maybe just one question on the announcement. I know that from my vantage point, I was a little surprised, and a lot of folks that I spoke to were also surprised a little bit by the timing because there wasn’t necessarily a successor in place. Anything that you can kind of tell us around what influenced your decision, whatever you’re comfortable disclosing, just any thoughts around the timing would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Well, in some ways, and I don’t want to offend anyone who has elderly grandparents, but it’s sort of like I had a 93-year-old grandfather who died, and I was shocked that he died. What I mean by that is I’ve been at LII for 15 years - that’s a long time, and I’m ready for a change. I think the company--in fact, I know the company, the board wanted me to stay, but in some ways I think there’s a shelf life on a CEO, and 15 years may be it. My hands are firmly on the wheel and I’m going to keep running the business like I do every day until the day I leave. As we mentioned in the press release, I’m stepping down to create a better balance between my personal and professional life, but I’m not done with my career. I like to think of myself as young-ish, if not young, and I have lots of energy and I plan to do something more entrepreneurial, maybe private equity, maybe venture capital, but something. Now, there’s never a perfect time to make this kind of transition - I get that, but this is a good time to begin the transition with the strong market conditions and the company well positioned for growth and higher profitability, and now that I’ve announced, the board can conduct an open search for the right person, and the year transition that I’ve committed to ensures that their process is not rushed and that there will be a smooth transition.
Joe Ritchie: Got it, that’s super helpful. Thanks for that detail. I guess maybe my follow-on question, and just focused on how you guys have now characterized what the resi replacement cycle looks like, the commentary around R22 was interesting. I’m curious - when you guys did your in-depth analysis, how much is left from an installed base perspective on R22? I’m just trying to understand that opportunity as the potential upgrade cycle over the next few years.
Todd Bluedorn: That’s a very good question, Joe. I don’t have it at my fingertips. We’ll get it out publicly. I think it’s in the AHRI data, but we’ll pull it out. Again, those who have sort of been ingrained in this story for years may remember in 2011, there was this huge dry run--excuse me, dry charge phenomenon that had a huge impact on the year, those are all R22 condensing units that were put in place, so even past 2010 there were units being placed into the market that were R22, and again the bell-shaped curve of those units that were being put in place were 15, ignoring the heat comments and the run time comments I gave, at the old 15 midpoint the right side of that bell-shaped curve is going to get cut off because you’re not even going to be able to do traditional repairs because if you lose the charge, it’s prohibitively expensive. But I understand the question, Joe, and we’ll get that data and put it out to you guys. 
Joe Ritchie: Got it, that’s helpful. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Next we go to the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Great, I’ll try this again - can you hear me?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, sure can.
Stephen Volkmann: Sorry, I don’t know what happened last time. Just a couple quick follow-ups, if you will. You talked about that replacement spinning faster, Todd. Any similar thoughts or analysis you’ve done on the commercial side?
Todd Bluedorn: No, we haven’t, in part because emergency replacement in commercial is 30%, 40% of the market. As important is the planned replacement, which really isn’t broadly impacted by that, and then the new construction. Again, the major driver of resi is people being at home. I don’t think there’s a negative--maybe I’m not answering your question, but I don’t think there’s a negative reciprocal of that, if that’s the right way of phrasing it, for commercial, at least unitary commercial. Maybe for high rise office space, but we don’t play there, but retail has been running, restaurants have been running, and whether you have one person shopping or a thousand people shopping, you’re still running the unit, so I don’t think there’s a negative implication to commercial.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay, great. Then I’m curious about your commentary around heat and more degree days, etc. It seems like a lot of that’s been focused on the northern part of the U.S. recently, where there may actually be still some penetration opportunity. Do you have any view on that?
Stephen Volkmann: I think that’s true. That’s not worked into our point of view, but that’s, quite frankly, throwing another log on the fire. I didn’t know this number, so I’ll quote it from an article I read that said in the northwest, it’s about 40% penetration of installed HVAC. If they have many more 100 degree summer days, I think that’s going to head higher than 40%, so that’s clearly an opportunity for us moving forward also.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, appreciate it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Next we go to the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey John.
John Walsh: Maybe just a quick one on the unitary, right - I mean, if you look at PK through 12, unitary makes up a good amount of that installed base. We talked a lot about the corporate accounts, but what are you seeing there on the education verticals, and is this stimulus we’ve all been reading about, is that actually flowing through and are you seeing it?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re seeing some flow through, but it’s a long--in a normal case, it’s a long gestation period for schools. The decision making is slower and it’s obviously more of a board decision than an individual decision. Then lay on top of that the overlay of this money coming and what’s the money going to be spent on, who has decision rights on the money, it’s a little slower than we would like it to be but I remain real confident that slightly less than 10% of our unitary business is K through 12, and that’s going to be a growth market going forward. 
John Walsh: Great, then a lot of discussion around the margins, and I appreciate you guys obviously don’t give quarterly guidance, but Q4 on the residential business, the margin the last couple of years, you haven’t seen that normal step down sequentially from Q3 to Q4. One year you had the insurance recoveries, last year was really strong. I’m just curious, how are you thinking about it in your guidance that you gave us today? Are you expecting a normal step down or how do we think about that, the seasonality in the back half just within your guide?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I don’t know if I’ll directly answer the question, but I think the one thing to sort of weigh into any thinking is going to be we have 6% fewer days in the quarter, and so that creates headwind not only on revenue but you have--you can’t absorb all the costs. You have more factory fixed costs fall to the bottom line, and so having 6% less days in the fourth quarter, everything else being equal, will have a negative impact on margins.
John Walsh: Yes, okay. Makes sense. Thank you for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Next we go to the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Hey thanks, good morning everyone. Todd, just a couple for me. First on price, understand with things so fluid, you don’t really want to dial this into your guide, but maybe just give us a little bit more color on how the market responded to the first two price increases. Obviously we’ve got the number for the year now you gave us, but are you worried about it being accepted? There’s some mix down that might result. Just want to understand why you actually don’t want to include it in the guide, because I assume you’re including the inflationary pressures in the guide. 
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think in part we didn’t--you know, I’ll be very transparent. We came out early with the earnings because of my announcement and we came out with a guide, and then between that time--and we were finalizing the price increase, the third price increase, but we hadn’t made a decision yet. We made a decision shortly after the announcement, we announced it, and we’re going to implement it September 1. I just thought it was a little cute to have a guide two weeks ago and then change it today, so I just thought we’ll just leave it where it’s at, being very transparent that it’s out there and that we’ll touch it up end of third quarter. The first part of your question is just on the first two price increases, we had been guiding that we’re going to get 90, now we’re guiding that we’re going to get 110, so I think that answers the question to how it’s being accepted - it’s being accepted and we’re able to pass it on, and it’s sticking. Again, the fact that our competitors have announced third price increases across the board and, quite frankly, I actually struggled at Aecon, which I shouldn’t admit as a CEO, but the one thing I remembered in Aecon is if demand is high and supply is down, I think price should go up, and that’s what the industry is doing. 
Jeff Sprague: Absolutely. On the replacement thing, we all know we can make this seem much more realistic in an Excel spreadsheet than it is in real life for sure, but I’m just wondering how much of this pull forward do you think might have already happened, right, because again if we do go back to the Excel spreadsheet, one complication we have is 12 years ago was actually the ’09, ’10, ’11 trough when there weren’t many units being shipped, so just wonder if you could tell from that data has this pull forward already happened, is it in progress, or do you think it’s still in front of us?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think it’s--I don’t think it’s already happened, I think it’s probably already started because last summer already started and the units running more has already started. But I think it’s in large part in front of us, and again I’m not validating all these numbers, I’m just--I’m validating the 30% and I’m validating the 5% warmer, but sort of guessing at 20% reduction on an ongoing basis, that’s just a swag, use your own number. But if it goes from 15 to 12, a 20% reduction means 20% of a full year’s production sort of gets moved, and that’s not happening in one year. That’s not what this year is about. This year is about scarcity of demand and distributors buying a lot of units to protect themselves. I think that’s what this year is about. I’m a broken record on this, Jeff, as you know, but now I’m putting some math around my opinion that I think we’ve got multiple years of mid-single digit growth in resi.
Jeff Sprague: Great, understood. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: Josh, that wasn’t even the same zip code as your name! Are you there, Josh?  Operator, he was so offended on how you pronounced his name, he hung up, so can you bring someone else in, please?
Operator: He’s here, thank you.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Okay, is he here? Are you there, Josh?
Josh Pokrzywinski: Can you hear me? 
Todd Bluedorn: I can, Josh. Why don’t you go ahead?
Josh Pokrzywinski: Excellent. Yes, I think we were a few eastern bloc countries off on the pronunciation there, but I’ve probably heard worse. Todd, on this whole replacement cycle stuff, you know I have as much Excel time in that as anyone [indiscernible] on that over the years, but I just wanted to make sure I’m understanding this right. This is assuming, like, 20% higher home usage for [indiscernible].
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think it will be to sort of get the full benefit of going from 15 to 12 forever, then it’s 20%. There was a year where they ran 30% more - I know that as a fact, so that die is already cast. There have been four years that the weather’s 5% hotter than what we built in the model - that’s already cast, and then other than Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan, I think most companies are letting people stay at home as we get through the pandemic, and so decide whether people are going to work 50% flex time at home or 60”% flex time at home, at Lennox it’s going to be 40% flex time at home for most of our employees, so it’s somewhere south of 30, greater than zero that the units are going to run more, and I think that’s here to stay.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. I may you need to write me a doctor’s note on that work-from-home policy.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Then on the parts side of the equation, I’m sure you saw Watsco had pretty healthy growth on the equipment side as well as parts. You guys clearly have a window into that as well with PartsPlus stores. Did you see kind of proportionate growth, any observations on repair versus replace? I would imagine there’s probably a bit more replacement than usual, but I don’t want to make it sound like it’s overloaded to one side. 
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean, equipment grew faster than parts did for us in the quarter, but we had strong growth rates in both.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, and then just last one, if you wouldn’t mind, on the price-cost inflation, we can all sort of look at steel costs, copper and aluminum, and sort of play the hedging game, which never really ever works, so I gave up on that. But there’s a lot of inflation out there that kind of falls outside of commodities, whether it’s labor or logistics. How does that visibility look, like is that getting worse or better, and then how do you think your ability to kind price that into the marketplace versus other material inflation trends over time?
Todd Bluedorn: I would think about it this way. We typically get $25 million, $30 million engineering sourcing-led cost reductions a year, and that’s always a net number - that’s after all the price increases we get. This year, we’re calling it out at $5 million, so what you should take from that is we’re having $20 million or so more price increases on components that we buy from others along with the $80 million of steel, along with the $15 million of LIFO, and all that’s being offset by the $110 million of price we’ve already gotten plus the third price increase that we’re going to have in fourth quarter. I think we’re offsetting this year, we’re not offsetting it and still getting the margin percentage, but then as I said earlier, those things will turn and when they turn, we won’t give the price back but all of a sudden, we’ll have our engineering-led cost reductions instead of being a normal 25, 30, because all the commodity price increases that we took for motors and compressors and everything else we have, we’ll get those reduced and so we’ll have a year where we’ll have a blowout cost reduction year plus commodities will decline, plus we’ll hang onto price.  We’re sort of having lower margins than normal this year, but then there will be a year or two where margin percentage will be higher than the 30% because of the things I just said.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Crystal clear, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Steve.
Steve Tusa: Congrats on really an epic run, great grassroots turnaround, fantastic market outgrowth, and you deserve all the credit in the world to enjoy whatever you do next, so congrats.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, I appreciate it.
Steve Tusa: And you’re a good guy. I think you’re a really good guy, but I think I kind of disagree on a lot of the numbers, and I just wanted to dig in a little bit. I was a poli-sci major, so Mark Twain and fancy macro econ stuff wasn’t my suit.  How did you validate the 30% again? You said on a few thousand Lennox units that you have visibility into?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, exactly. We contract the units, so in our dealer portal when the homeowner signs up for it, we can track the run hours on units, so we’re able to go in on our installed base and do it region by region, so then we can adjust for weather. It wasn’t just sort of, okay, we have 20,000 units, how much did they run? We’d go region by region, not quite zip code by zip code, and understand how long the units were running. I’ve got detailed analysis, detailed spreadsheets, we went through it and looked at it and then we were able to say what we expected, which is people are home more, they’re running the units more. Then we calibrated it and it came out a lower number, but we looked at how much energy usage went up at homes, and that’s just a high level macro number, and I think for the full year it was up about 10, 15%, so that sort of said, okay, we’re in the right zip code and we would expect air conditioners in the summer to run longer because people are at home. The furnaces, you’re going to still sort of have it roughly at a set point in the wintertime because you don’t want it to go down, so again my commentary is about air conditioners running 30% more. We feel pretty good about it.
Steve Tusa: What was the sample size of that again?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t know off the top of my head.
Joseph Reitmeier: It was about 150,000, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, so a small number, only 150,000.
Steve Tusa: And what do you think the installed base is for the industry?
Todd Bluedorn: I think you could figure that out on your own, right, so look at an annual number, multiply times 15, that’s probably the installed base.
Steve Tusa: And then I thought you guys had said it was 16 years, but obviously there was a curve around that, but I feel like in the last couple of years of the housing echo boom discussion, that you guys--you know, it was more of a 16-year number you threw out there.
Todd Bluedorn: I think I was rounding because there’s a mean--sometimes we talk mean, sometimes we talk mode, but say it’s 16, so it goes from 16 to 13.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it. Just on the--I think the last thing you talked about was this has been--you’ve tried to figure out what’s been happening in the last couple of year. I mean, when I look at your data, you guys were down kind of coming into COVID. You guys really weren’t growing very much - I know that there was the ’18 year that was kind of messed up, but the industry was, I think, down kind of heading into COVID, it was at least weak, in the low single digit range. Isn’t the strength just really the last 12 months, like how are you so confident that what happened during COVID is really something that we kind of need to dig into and figure out how this has changed kind of a decade-plus long type of discussion we’ve been having for the last few years?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m not a poli-sci major, I’m an electrical engineer and I look at the data, and everything I know about the data tells me two things: how long you run the unit impacts how long it lasts, and how hot the weather is, because in a spike up in temperature, it’s an exponential impact on how long the unit lasts. So the question that we’ve been asking ourselves is there has to be an impact of people staying at home - we’ve been talking about that for a year and a half, and I think it’s--I think you have to take the new facts into consideration. We all are as things are changing, and so we looked at the data and the data said 150,000 units are being run longer, and that fits with all my anecdotal evidence. We talked to dealers, I talked to my family members, my own freaking home, so it makes sense they’re running longer, and if they’re running longer, they’re going to break soon. And then I stepped back--I know JP Morgan’s coming back to work, but Lennox ain’t 100% and neither is Apple and neither is Dell, and neither is a lot of other companies, so it’s pretty clear to me it’s a phenomenon that’s going to change. Now, it may change back in five years, but it’s there and it’s going to have an impact.
Steve Tusa: But I guess my point is--sorry, last one on this because I think it’s a really interesting discussion, obviously, it’s really been only the last 12 months, so I just struggle to read into something that’s happened in a pretty abnormal time period over the last 12 months, and you said, look, it’s 20% or whatever it is - I mean, your average sales have been up 20% for the last 12 months, so why haven’t we just experienced that and why are we making this out to be something that’s been a trend for two or three years that we have to figure out?  I mean, again, I haven’t really been as bearish on the market in the last three to four year, but you know, the math, you know?
Todd Bluedorn: I think you’re just stating what I’m saying. I’m saying two things. I think the weather’s been warmer over the last three or four years. I think the units over the last 18 months, because the pandemic started in March of 2020, units for the last 18 months have been running, pick your number, 20%, 30% longer, and that’s going to have an impact on the life cycle of the product. Then you ask yourself, is that going to continue, and the answer is yes, so I sort of extrapolated. If we were talking about Buicks and we said the entire country moved 20% further from their workplace and we’re going to put 20% more miles on the Buick, would the units break faster, we’d say of course they would, and that’s what we’re seeing in HVAC.  Again, it’s been 18 months, I’m trying to get answers to what’s going on, the world’s changing quickly, Steve, and so we can wait another three years to come out with numbers, but I’m telling you what’s happening now.
Steve Tusa: Right, right. Very, very helpful. Just one last one.  Any color on--you gave us the days impact in 4Q, any color on just high level, what you expect the industry to grow in 3Q, maybe what you’re seeing so far in the first few days of July?
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to do well. Demand is strong. On the industry call, we call this a full year, which is up low double digits, and we’ll see how it plays out. I think the variable that’s unaccounted for in my mind is those who are selling exclusively to independent distribution, as I’ve said, are going to hit a cliff before we do, and so I don’t know what they see. That will impact the industry more than what we do, because we’re a little less than 20% of it. The question is what’s the other 80% that are selling independent distribution do, because they’re going to hit a cliff before we do. 
Steve Tusa: Great, thanks for all the color. I appreciate it, Todd. Congrats again.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions in the queue. I’ll turn it back to the speakers for closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Operator. To wrap up, we raised guidance for revenue, profit, free cash flow, and stock repurchases for this year. Demand remains extremely strong and the company is doing as well or better than anyone in the market. We look forward to the second half and continued strong market conditions in 2022 and beyond. Thanks everyone for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-26 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2021. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook for 2021. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast for today's conference call on our Web site at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks a lot, Steve. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. In the first quarter we continued to see strong momentum in our residential business combined with strong improvement in commercial and refrigeration, as the overall company set new first quarter highs for revenue, profit and earnings per share.  Overall for the company, revenue was up 29% to a new first quarter record of $931 million. At constant currency, revenue was up 28%. GAAP operating income was a first quarter record 114 million, up 213%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was a first quarter record $2.20, up 588%. Total segment profit rose 208% to a first quarter record of 116 million. Total segment margin expanded 720 basis points to 12.4% and adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 305% to a first quarter record $2.27.  Looking at our business segments for the first quarter, we realized double digit revenue growth and margin expansion in all three businesses. In residential, we set new first quarter highs for revenue and profit. Residential revenue was up 37%, segment profit rose 197% and segment margin expanded 850 basis points to 15.9%. Replacement business is up more than 40% and new construction was up more than 25%. Breaking it down between our Lennox business and our Allied business, Lennox revenue was up about 25% and Allied was up about 70%, strong growth rates. Let me take a moment to unpack the strength we saw in residential in the quarter. First, with strong operational execution, our residential team is capitalizing on its ability to deliver to meet contractor and distributor demand and gain share. Post the 2018 tornado and initial 2020 pandemic impact, we are back on offense with production, distribution and executing our playbook for market share gains.  Second, residential benefited from the colder winter weather with heating degree days up 13% from the first quarter last year. You may recall we had a soft first quarter in 2020. Third, I'd like to note that we had six -- I would like to note that we had a 6% benefit to revenue for more days in the quarter this year than last year. That happens every four years as we reset the calendar.  Conversely, the fourth quarter will have a 6% headwind from fewer days in the quarter this year. This applies to residential as well as all our other businesses. Adjusting for the days, residential grew 31% with Lennox growing nearly 20% and Allied growing about 65%.  In addition for Allied, we had approximately 25 million of pull-forward in the first quarter from different distributor loading patterns this year than last year. Adjusted for both days and this pull-forward, Allied was up approximately 35% in the quarter. Working through all this math I gave adjusting for days and the pull-forward in our Allied business which sells independent distribution, overall residential segment revenue was up about 25%. We believe this compares to mid teens sell-through for the industry, driven in part by the favorable cold weather that I talked about. Our performance that is above that is due to market share gains.  As I mentioned earlier, we are back on the offense with production, distribution and executing our playbook for gaining share. The team has had strong operational execution to drive this outperformance and we are well positioned for the summer season and our largest seasonal quarters.  In commercial, revenue, segment profit and margin were all first quarter records. Revenue was up 12%. At constant currency, revenue was up 11%. Segment profit was up 47% and segment margin expanded 330 basis points at 13.8%. In the first quarter, we saw broad strength in commercial as year-over-year growth turned positive across all of our businesses.  At constant currency, commercial equipment revenue was up mid teens in the quarter. Within this, replacement revenue was up mid teens with plan replacement up mid teens and emergency replacement up high teens. New construction revenue was up high single digits.  Breaking out revenue another way, regional local business revenue was up mid teens. National account equipment revenue was also up mid teens. Our team won three new national account equipment customers in the quarter. On the service side, the next national accounts services revenue was up mid single digits. VRF revenue was up mid 30s percentage.  Some highlights to mention for commercial. Schools continue to be an area of focus for us. We have a dedicated sales force and product line that will drive a multiyear growth opportunity for us in this market. Today, K-12 schools are just a little under 10% equipment revenue for this segment. This business was up more than 20% for us in the first quarter.  And given the recent stimulus package that benefits HVAC indoor air quality spending for schools, we expect K-12 schools to be a growth vertical for us moving forward. Indoor air quality continues to be an important focus for us with our Building Better Air initiatives. Most interesting activity we're seeing are in this K-12 school segment where conversations are taking place with many customers across many industry verticals.  We have launched our new Model L Rooftop unit as we continue to lead the field in energy efficiency. The Model L features variable speed technology and an all new advanced control system. We're seeing high customer interest in this industry leading product for 2021 and beyond.  Overall for commercial entering the second quarter, momentum continues with backlog up double digits and strong order rates. In refrigeration for the first quarter, revenue was up 21%. At constant currency, revenue was up 17%. In North America, revenue was up more than 25%. Europe refrigeration revenue was up low single digits at constant currency. And Europe HVAC revenue was up mid single digits at constant currency. In refrigeration, segment margin expanded 560 basis points to 6.3% and segment profit rose to $8 million from $1 million in the prior year quarter. Like in commercial, momentum continues for refrigeration entering the second quarter, with backlog up double digits and strong order flow led by North America. With strong performance for the company overall in the first quarter and outlook for the second quarter and year, we are raising 2021 guidance. We now expect 7% to 11% revenue growth and adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $11.40 to $12. We are also raising free cash flow guidance to $375 million for the full year.  We now assume about 55% of earnings in the first half of the year compared to the prior guidance of about 50%. This reflects the strong first quarter performance and second quarter outlook. We repurchased $200 million of stock in the first quarter and plan on another 200 million for a total 400 million in our guidance for the year.  Now I’ll turn it over to Joe. 
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was a first quarter record $606 million, up 37%, volume was up 32%, price was up 1% and mix was up 4%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a first quarter record $96 million, up 197%.  Segment margin expanded 850 basis points to 15.9%. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix, higher factory productivity, sourcing and engineering led cost reductions, distribution and freight savings and favorable foreign exchange. Partial offsets included higher commodity, warranty and other product costs and higher SG&A.  Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. In the first quarter, commercial revenue was a first quarter record $199 million, up 12%, volume was up 15%, price was flat and mix was down 4%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact to revenue growth.  Commercial segment profit was a first quarter record $27 million, up 47%. Segment margin was a first quarter record 13.8%, which was up 330 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, lower material costs and lower SG&A. Partial offsets included unfavorable mix.  In refrigeration, revenue was $125 million, up 21%, volume was up 15%, price was up 1% and mix was up 1%. Foreign exchange had a positive 4% impact to revenue growth. Refrigeration segment profit was $8 million in the first quarter compared to $1 million in the prior quarter. Segment margin was 6.3%, up 560 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix, lower material costs and higher factory productivity. Higher SG&A was a partial offset.  Regarding special items in the first quarter, the company had net after tax charges of $2.7 million. That included a $2 million net charge for other tax items, a $1.9 million net charge in total for various other items and a $1.2 million benefit for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.  Corporate expenses were $16 million in the first quarter compared to $14 million in the prior quarter. Overall, SG&A was $145 million compared to $131 million in the prior quarter. SG&A was down as a percent of revenue to 15.6% from 18.1% in the prior quarter. In the first quarter, the company used $18 million in cash from operations compared to a usage of $99 million in the prior quarter. Capital expenditures were approximately $24 million in the first quarter and in the prior quarter. Free cash flow was a negative $42 million in the first quarter compared to a negative $123 million in the prior quarter.  The company paid approximately $30 million in dividends in the quarter and repurchased $200 million of stock. Total debt was 1.17 billion at the end of the first quarter. And we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.8. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $40 million at the end of the first quarter.  Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review current market assumptions and our updated guidance points for 2021. We now expect the industry to see high single digit shipment growth in residential, commercial unitary and refrigeration markets in North America for the full year, up from our prior assumption of mid single digit growth in these end markets.  For the company, we are raising guidance for 2021 revenue growth from a 4% to 8% range to a new range of 7% to 11%, and we still expect foreign exchange to be neutral to revenue for the full year. We are raising guidance for 2021 GAAP EPS from continuing operations from a range of $10.55 to $11.15 to a new range of $11.33 to $11.93. And we are raising our 2021 adjusted EPS from continuing operations from $10.55 to $11.15 to a new range of $11.40 to $12.  Now, let me run through the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2021. First, for the items that are changing. We have announced a second round of price increases and now expect a benefit of $90 million in price for the year, up from our prior guidance of $50 million. We now expect residential mix of $10 million, up from our prior guidance for neutral mix.  We expect a benefit of $15 million from sourcing and engineering led cost reduction actions, down from our prior guidance of $25 million. And this change reflects inflationary pressures from suppliers.  For commodities, we now expect a $55 million headwind, up from our prior guidance of $30 million. Corporate expenses are now expected to be approximately $95 million, up from prior guidance of $90 million, primarily due to higher incentive compensation.  And now for the guidance items that remain the same. We still expect a $20 million benefit from factory productivity with 30 new Lennox stores planned for this year will be at a more normal run rate with distribution investments compared to last year. Freight is still expected to be a $5 million headwind and tariffs are also expected to be a $5 million headwind.  We are planning for SG&A to be up approximately 7% for the year or a headwind of about $45 million. Now within SG&A, we are making investments in R&D and our IT for continued innovation and leadership in products, controls, e-commerce and factory automation and productivity.  A few other guidance points. We still expect neutral foreign exchange. We still expect interest in pension expense to be approximately $35 million. We continue to expect an effective tax rate of approximately 21% on an adjusted basis for the full year.  We are still planning capital expenditures to be approximately $135 million this year, about $30 million of which is for the third plant at our campus in Mexico. We expect construction to be completed at the end of 2021 and have the plant fully operational by mid 2022. And we expect nearly 10 million in annual savings from the third plant.  Free cash flow is now targeted to be approximately $375 million for the full year, up from prior guidance of approximately $325 million on the strong earnings performance in the first quarter and our current outlook. And finally, we still expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 37 million shares to 38 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $400 million of stock this year.  And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Good to see you back on the offensive. Just on mix, it seems like kind of Tale of Two Cities here with res mix really good and commercial negative. Just kind of explain what was going on there and how you see that persisting going forward? I know you raised the mix guidance.
Todd Bluedorn: For residential, it’s just a positive benefit from the premium product. We're seeing traction on the new furnace line that we launched, which is our premium product now part of the ultimate comfort and we're coming out with 26-year residential units. So we feel good about the mix and we saw that in the quarter. I wouldn't read too much into commercial. That just has to do with the lumpiness of customers in the quarter. So we feel good about mix full year for commercial.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then it looks like the incrementals were a little bit better than kind of your run rate. Just maybe talk about what went right in the quarter and how you're thinking about -- as you look at the moving pieces of price cost, how you think about incremental into the selling season?
Todd Bluedorn: The things we did well was we managed the factories in the face of lots of pressures on the supply chain and on labor because of COVID, managed the factories well. We executed on MCR. But there's some timing involved here obviously, Jeff, as you know. That's why you asked the question. We're getting the benefit of the price increase and we're getting benefit of lapping the SG&A cuts that we did in April of last year. But we don't have the full inflationary pressure set of commodities and components in the numbers yet. So the incrementals will soften as we go through the year, but it will still be overall for a full year basis. Nice, but they won't be as strong as they are in first quarter balance of the year.
Jeff Hammond: And where do you think price cost is the biggest challenge, like timing wise? Does that kick in, in 2Q or --?
Todd Bluedorn: It will be second half of the year; third, fourth quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Second half of the year, okay. Thanks. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Tommy Moll with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Tommy Moll: Good morning and thank you for taking my questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Tommy.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Tommy.
Tommy Moll: Todd, I wanted to start on the resi market, specifically on your comment back on offense, good to hear. So I wanted to ask what levers you've pulled in the business behind that strategy. You mentioned a couple of points, distribution among them. But what specific changes to the business or the strategy would you call out? And then as you look to the full year, just bridging from Lennox to the industry, it sounds like the outlook for units now went from mid to high singles. Should we think about Lennox is in line there, maybe outperforming or too early to tell for the full year?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, we're certainly expecting to outperform the market. So I'll answer that question first. So we raised the market from mid to high for resi and for the other end markets. And our goal is always to gain share and we certainly have been gaining share, and we expect to do that for the full year. Now the point about being back on the offense is it seems like forever, certainly been since mid 2018, we had a tornado, then we had the pandemic. And so we’ve sort of been stalled on driving new business. And we talked about coming out of the tornado in 2019 right before the pandemic hit that we had won back the dealers, we were sort of gaining their business and that's a multiyear effect. You start to get the flywheel going on new business development that really helps. We had really -- we've had strong momentum in our Allied business where there it’s not signing up dealers, it’s signing up distributors. And then it just continues to be the flywheel effect of investments we continue to make in digital on our e-commerce initiatives and our ability to support our dealer contractors with our control systems. And then it continues to be investments in product. Our residential dealers are excited by our new ultimate home comfort system. They're excited by our new heat pump products. And we have a full product lineup and we're making significant investments to even make it better, and we're seeing the benefits of that.
Tommy Moll: Thank you, Todd. That's all helpful. One quick follow up on the stores. It sounds like 30 is still the number for this year. Rough timing you could give us on when you think you'll execute through that plan? And just given the strength to the market at least through one quarter, any potential that number might go higher?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know if the number will go higher just in terms of the lead time to find the real estate to put it in place. And the majority of the stores are second half of the year. We put a handful in first quarter. We'll put some in second quarter. But it's really third and fourth quarters once we get through the summer selling season that we really start to stack up the stores.
Tommy Moll: Great. Thank you. I’ll turn it back.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Stephen Volkmann with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. Good morning, guys. Todd, can I just ask you to give us a little more on sort of the shift a little bit toward the first half from the second half? The 55% in the first half now, it used to be 50%. Is that all kind of Allied or distributor channels or anything in commercial that might be moving that at all?
Todd Bluedorn: No, it's not commercial. A large part of it's the Allied reshuffling and that's sort of best expectations.
Stephen Volkmann: Okay. Thanks. And then you talked about the K-12 opportunity. It seems like that's taking off. What are you actually seeing those guys doing? Are they upsizing systems? Are they putting in just more IAQ or what exactly is driving that growth?
Todd Bluedorn: It's replacement. So it's -- I think about it as replacement rather than new systems. But yes, they have older systems. They're now comfortable that they're going to have financing and available capital to upgrade it. So they're doing that. They're talking a lot about indoor air quality. That really isn't what moves the needle. What moves the needle is replacing the entire system, and then that has better efficiency, better ventilation, which leads to better indoor air quality.
Stephen Volkmann: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning. Maybe just wanted to circle back on the earnings sort of seasonality. So I think your guidance implies at the high end around $5.40 for the second half in EPS. Last year, second half was around $1 higher. So just wondered if you could help us understand year-on-year how that dollar decline breaks out, how much is just kind of resi volume versus bigger price cost headwind firm-wide, any other -- there's a day sales impact that you mentioned. Any other factors that I didn't capture there? 
Joe Reitmeier: If I'd put them in order, I think it would be inflationary pressure commodities, it would be the days impact. And then it would be -- I understand there's lots of questions about, and rightfully so about what we're doing on full year guidance. As you know, Julian, I've been doing this for 14 years. I don't think I've ever raised guidance after the first quarter. And so we raised guidance by $0.85 for the full year after first quarter. I said I'd never ever do that. We did it. Let's get through second quarter, then we'll see – we’ll have a better clear view of what we should do for the full year guidance. Obviously, our guidance is our guidance right now. But let's go through second quarter and I think we’ll have a better clearer view of second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Fair enough. Thank you. And maybe just to switch to commercial for a second, you mentioned the replacement activity in the education vertical just now but it was interesting to see the high single digit revenue growth in new construction in commercial in Q1. I think that’s surprising for people given all the macro data on the U.S. non-resi market starts and so forth. So maybe help us understand what drove that new construction growth in the quarter, and how you see that new construction growth in commercial over the balance of the year?
Joe Reitmeier: Again, not to get too hung up on the math of things, you make the adjustment for days, its low single digits. It's a good number. It's not quite impressive as high single digits. And then it was multiple verticals. It certainly wasn't K-12. It was some of our retail customers. But maybe the largest driver was the distribution customers, people like Amazon, building new distribution.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. Thank you very much.
Joe Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Todd, I missed a little bit at the open, but did you also comment on kind of the margin impact of kind of the revenue pull forward and if there's any kind of distortive effects on the margins in resi, in particular?
Todd Bluedorn: I did, but short answer there really isn't. The revenue would have dropped through on the normal margin line. So when I think about the margin expansion in residential, I would hang my hat on the pool -- I quite frankly would hang my hat on factory productivity, the SG&A cuts that we took at the end of last year, the ability to get price in the fact that commodities and inflationary pressures haven’t worked their way into the numbers, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: And just thinking about the price given the inflationary pressure, it sounds like there's talk of kind of round two actions this year and some of those are out in the market I think already. But what do you see the kind of the likelihood of kind of a second bite of the apple one price and any kind of pushback in the channel on that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the second bite’s already taken place, Jeff, right? So we announced the price increase -- a second price increase effective June 1. Trane’s announced the second price increase, Daikin’s announced a second price increase, Rheem’s announced a second price increase, Goodman’s announced a second price increase, Carrier businesses have announced a second price increase. So we've all announced second price increases. And we feel – as you know, we give price to offset commodities as recently as 2019, 2018. We got 2% of price and we're signing up for a little bit more this year, but inflationary pressures are greater this year. So we feel pretty good about the price increases.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Nicole.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: So Todd, you kind of alluded to some challenges on the supply chain side. Could you just provide a little bit more color on what you’re seeing and what the bottlenecks are, and I guess the level of concern as we see [indiscernible]?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think the highest level message I would give is, you can see from our performance in Q1, we're delivering a lot of product and we're set up to deliver a lot of product in second quarter. We think we're as good or better shape than anyone else in the industry is what we hear from our customers. The areas that we're wrestling with, and I think everyone in our industry if not corporate America is wrestling with, is integrated circuits both on our own control systems, but integrated circuits that go in components that we buy from others. Steel and resin and sort of other raw commodities are under some pressure to make sure we get them. And then as -- since the pandemic started over a year ago, sort of a hopscotch around the globe of wherever the hotspot is, then you have pressure on a supply chain that comes from there. And right now, we think that's largely behind us, because we don't source much from India. But that's sort of has been the issue that we've wrestled with when Mexico was not going well, we had issues. And when U.S. was having some problems, we're having some issues. And then I think the final piece of it and we've talked about this over the years, it went away last year, it's now back. It's just shortage of direct labor that in our factories -- in our suppliers’ factories making sure we have enough workers to build this high demand is something we continue to work through. And unemployment has snapped back or employment has snapped back nicely. And I'm all for the President's policies. I'm a Democrat, but I would observe when you pay people to stay at home, they're less likely to come to work. And we continue to wrestle with that.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks, Todd. That's really helpful. And I guess just one follow up a little bit about channel inventory and how you're positioned as we move into the summer selling season, maybe how that compares to last year?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We think we're in really good position, as you know, but I'll say it for others on the phone call, 80% of our business is Lennox residential. And there that's when the homeowner decides to buy a product, the dealer replenishes the stock. And so we sort of have direct sell-through almost to the end customer. So dealers aren’t carrying inventory. I saw one sell-side analyst note that suggested maybe because of price increases, homeowners were deciding to preemptively replace their systems. Ain't no way that's happening. People aren't going to do that because of a 2% price increase. For the portion of the market that we sell independent distribution, we talked about the 25 million pull forward. And we got that number broadly speaking by talking to our distributors understanding their inventory levels, and so one way of thinking about it is inventory levels are 25 million higher than last year. At this point in time it’s a pull-forward inventory.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks, Todd. I’ll pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next we’ll go to the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: So Todd, maybe my first question just starting on just the growth outlook for the rest of the year, if I think about the second quarter if we resi for Q1, you still come up against the easiest comp in 2Q. And it sounds like the backlog trends are really good. So is there any reason why like the second quarter growth number can't be as good as you put up in Q1, again, kind of normalizing for the resi days and the inventory portfolio?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re set up to have a strong second quarter. So I hate the hypotheticals or any reason not -- yes, I come out with the reasons not, but we're set up for a strong second quarter and we obviously just need to execute.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. And then just like talking through the comments you made earlier, I think to Julian's question around the guidance, it's just too early for you guys to take up the back half guide at this point. But as you see today, things seem really good. And the 7% to 11% looks like a beatable number at this point, it looks conservative.
Todd Bluedorn: So let's try nuances [ph]. The guide’s the guide, number one. So the guide’s the guide. But as I said earlier, we never raise after first quarter. We raised $0.85 cents. I’ve learned many things since the tornado and the pandemic is things can change quickly. If we stay on the trend line we are in North America, because we're a North America business that we've looked the pandemic and we're back to normal economy with all the government investments in the economy. I have a nice run for a couple of years in all three of our businesses and we're prepared for that. So we feel good about 2021. Quite frankly, I feel good about 2022. But the guide’s the guide is I guess the short answer.
Joe Ritchie: Yes, I don't mean to back you in but that makes a lot of sense. I guess one last one is just thinking through the -- you mentioned the pull forward on the Allied side of the business this quarter. You think that there's any dynamics with the pricing that's going into effect in June, where you continue to see kind of stronger demand ahead of the June pricing increases?
Todd Bluedorn: I think there may be some effects. There may be some effects, but I think it's -- distributors right now want to make sure they have enough to get through the summer selling season. And they're willing -- they're going to pay what they need to do to make that happen. So I think they will be some pull forward. But again, it's sort of the demand levels we're at. We may not have all the product when they want the product to load the barns [ph] early, they may just have the product when they need the product. And so we'll continue to work through what will happen and there may be some pull forward. But again, that's 20% of our business. I don't think it'll be a material impact to us.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. Nice quarter, guys. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And next we’ll go to John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, John.
John Walsh: I was just -- you mentioned heat pumps earlier. Just wanted to get kind of your temperature on where your capacity is for this product, and if you might be spending any CapEx to increase production of heat pumps in particular?
Todd Bluedorn: We can always continue to manage capacity versus demand. And we make them on the same line. So when we talk about adding a third factory in Saltillo, that's adding overall capacity to heat pumps and every other product line that we do. So heat pump continues to be a growing market for us. We came out with a high -- excuse me, cold weather heat pump that allows us to play north of the Mason-Dixon line, be very competitive in northern climates and we think that's a growing market. And I would have said five years ago, we lagged the competitors in our heat pump offering. I'd say now we're on par with the big boys’ carrier and training and further ahead of our other competitors. And so we like that market and we're well positioned to compete there.
John Walsh: Great. And then just maybe a second question here on capital allocation, taking up the free cash flow, taking up your share repo, should we think that the majority of the excess cash goes to buy back stock or might there be anything in terms of M&A bolt-on or otherwise we should be thinking about?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I'm not breaking any news. I would think about it and I'll say for others, I know you know this is we don't want to delever. So we'll do something with the cash. And we'll have dividends grow with earnings. And we will invest in the business. And we'll do type of M&A we've spoken about, but we've done one deal of any size since I've been here and then the balance will give back a share buyback.
John Walsh: Great. Thank you for taking the questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: So I think I've got the numbers, the underlying numbers for Allied is plus 35% ex the days and ex the $25 million. Just to be clear. The $25 million, is that the full extent of the inventory restock dynamic or is there some inventory restock within the plus 35% as well?
Todd Bluedorn: The 25 million is our best guess at the extent to the inventory. The 35 million is ex any pre-buy.
Nigel Coe: Okay. So plus 35% is kind of an apples-for-apples, this is basically dealer market share gains, not inventory stock dynamics going on there.
Todd Bluedorn: It is. The 35 versus say the 15 or that I said was sell-through, the difference is we're winning new distributors. And when you win new distributors, you have a big sort of wash of volume that flows through your business. So it's not necessarily winning at the dealer level, it's winning at the distributor level. We're converting dealers from our competitors. And when we convert them, we get a slug of new volume.
Nigel Coe: Okay, that’s fair. And then your inventory levels, I think 502 at the end of the quarter, definitely a lot lower than what you'd normally have. And you answered Nicole’s question very well on supply chain, but I'm just curious, all things being equal, is that low level of inventory, is that caused by just a surge in demand and then therefore completion of end equipments or was it some of the pricing constraints that meant you weren't able to replenish your inventory. Just curious in terms of what caused that level of inventory to be so low and your confidence in sort of rebuilding those levels?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s primarily the demand. Look, I knew we were out [ph] first quarter. I didn't think resi was going to be up 37% six months ago. And so I think that's a primary issue. And then once you see the white of their eyes, if you will, and you see the demand rising, then you try and ramp up production to catch up with it. And then when you start to ramp up production, then you run into some of the issues that I talked about, which is if you're going to try and raise production 50%, 60% to get ahead of everything, then you run into integrated circuits and you're running away, but then you run into other things. So, look, I've said we're doing as well or better than anyone in the industry. But everyone, when you have this kind of demand levels, you're sort of not grinding gears, but you're running hot. And we're running hot.
Nigel Coe: Right. Okay. Thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hi. Thanks for fitting me in. So first off, you mentioned K-12 and the good outlook there. If everything goes well with the stimulus money, what kind of growth rates could you see from K-12 the next couple of years?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. I'll be honest with you. We haven't really modeled it in any great detail. I've seen some of the sell-side notes, including yours, sort of take cracks at it. We think it could be a material opportunity for us and I know people are modeling it externally. I just want to give the number that's about 10% of our segment revenue. And so whatever growth rate others are modeling looking at the stimulus number, 10% of our business will grow at that same speed.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, that's helpful. And then just talk about the resi new construction outlook, any signs of moderation or just full steam ahead there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's full steam ahead. I think the only moderation is trades. The employment issues I spoke about, it impacts builders also. And then inflationary pressures, but I don't think inflationary pressures will slow things down right now. I think people need homes. And there's not much inventory on used or existing homes right now. And so builders are trying to build. We feel pretty good about new construction for the balance of the year.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next is from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Todd, just on the mix front, I guess that number stood out to me on residential that it was plus 4, even with all that strong growth in Allied. I would imagine you have some sort of long-term model of like how much the industry should mix up or homeowners kind of buy up on features or SEER in a given year. Did we just jump like several years forward, like what's going on there? And how much ahead of where you would have been in recent years are we today on that mix dynamic?
Todd Bluedorn: I wouldn't read too much long-term macro. And so I’d tell you what I might read into it is our highest margin business as far as we had a warm winter last year, we had a cold winter this year, guess what furnace sales grew probably fast. I don't have exact numbers in front of me. But furnace sales grew strongly in the quarter and that helped the mix of business. So I think that's the biggest driver. That combined with -- we've launched some new product that's helped us. But saying that we're going to be up full year 10 million of mix, that's sort of a normal guide. I think the bigger question was, why were we guiding flat in mix for a full year in resi? And the reason we are guiding flat was because we had uncertainty of what was happening with the pandemic, and whether people are just going to buy entry level product, because they were concerned economically. That's now behind us and we feel confident for the full year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then I guess just kind of thinking about entering the selling season here, first quarter I don't know is -- it's really indicative of much of all but we're kind of through April at this point. At what point does the industry, whether it's dealers or your independent distributors even though there's not the type of bulk of the business, at what point did they just say, okay, now we're ready? Are they still positioning inventory, thinking about what price level they want to be loaded at right now? Are they sort of saying we're ready to go for the season?
Todd Bluedorn: And again, you know this, Josh, I’ll say for others, 80% of our business we're selling to dealers. They don't think that way. They're not stocking up inventory. They're not getting ready. They see demand, they sell demand, they buy some more. And some of them may have a week to really -- well capitalized dealers may have a couple of weeks, but that's not how that works. For the independent distribution, the order rates remain strong. They still want inventory and they're still selling product right now, and demand is still high at the dealer -- excuse me at the homeowner level. And so they're coming out of a very good first quarter and they want more inventory and we're selling it to them.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, that's helpful. I apologize, I’m just going to try to squeeze in one more. The Allied color that you said where a lot of that growth is new distributors, any sense on kind of same-store growth within Allied versus the contribution from new customers there?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I don't have a map in front of me because I tend not to think about same stores. I know our internal people do within those businesses. I don't have that number in front of me. We're also focused on existing distributors, getting them to grow. My guess would be the existing distributors who were selling to dealers, they were buying at 15%, 20% also, if that's what the end markets were growing.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Gautam. How are you?
Gautam Khanna: Doing well, thanks. Two questions. First, on the commercial side, I was wondering, Todd, if you could maybe give us some perspective on how quickly the deferred replacement from last year, with the commercial market down nearly 20%, how quickly that catches up and how much of it catches on?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Our experience here after financial crisis, and in my experience, I was at Carrier after 9/11 is marble [ph] rolls off the table and plan replacement goes down dramatically. And sort of at the trough last year, we were down 50%, 60% year-over-year on plan replacement. And then it comes back strongly. And my experience is it's 18 to 24 months that it all comes back. And so over the next 18 to 24 months, assuming the environment remains benign, as I suggested, it might -- I would expect all the demand that we missed during that time period, the pent-up demand, if you will, to come back plus the normal plan replacement that was scheduled during the same time period. And so that's why we're pretty optimistic on the commercial end markets for next 18 to 24 months.
Gautam Khanna: Got it. In fact, that math would suggest the guidance might be a little low. I'm recognizing nobody knows. Okay. And then just secondly on resi, I was curious, did any competitors have any issues, production issues, COVID outbreaks, whatever that may have benefited Lennox's results that might be nonrecurring? We saw the Tyler roof collapse at Trane. Goodman had issues last year. Just wondering if anything stood out to you one way or the other?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Our competitors – or better stated, Steve always gets worried when I bash competitors too much. So I actually have in my notes to say you can ask them. But I won't listen to Steve. I'll give a little bit more color. Look, our competitors had issues. When we talk to our customers, we hear about JCI having issues, we hear about Goodman still having issues. And again, I don't think about that as a one-off thing. I think it's when they aren't able to provide support, we step in and we win it, either by signing up new distributors who convert over to us in our Allied business or we win with our own dealers in the marketplace. So the competitors’ dealers can't sell product, our dealers can. We win share, we win. And that's not a one-time thing. We sort of get it and we keep it and we keep moving.
Gautam Khanna: I appreciate you not sticking to the script on that. Thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Dankert: Hi. Good morning, Todd. Just thinking about R&D priorities, I guess where is the investment focus at the moment? Is it still controls and user experience? Is it efficiency? Is it footprint and noise reduction? I guess when you think about where you want to see the team’s prioritizing investment, kind of any rank order there, any thoughts on the targeting of that spend?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think you said some of them. I think number one is digitization of the business. We continue to make significant investments, both in product, on controls, but also significant investments in the e-commerce in the back end of the business and so significant investments. And we continue to make those investments, and that's driving the productivity in part that you see in our numbers. We continue to make investments in what I would call environmental sustainable product, and so having industry-leading energy efficiency. As we go through a refrigerant change that we're going to see over the next few years to lead the industry there and do it in the most effective and cost-effective manner to lower our greenhouse gas emissions is important. I think those are probably the two big areas, right? It's about digitization of the business and environmental sustainability of our product line. Those are the areas.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Yes, thanks so much for the color there. And again, second question, forgive me if you commented on this in the past, but thinking about the Mexico facility, will there be kind of a flexible construction to it in terms of will you have the ability to build everything from entry level on up to the Dave [ph] series there, or is it a little bit more focused?
Todd Bluedorn: We don't quite build everything there. There are certain products that we only build in Marshalltown and some products that we only build in Orangeburg or in our Mississippi -- Grenade, Mississippi factory. But we continue to build our capabilities in Mexico; started as cooling, then went to furnace, then it was just entry level. Now it continues to be almost the full product line. So we continue to develop our capabilities in our Mexico facility.
Chris Dankert: Got it, makes sense. Just thinking about how having that ability to deflect the need was really brought to the fore just a couple of years ago. So thanks for the color. I appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. And quite frankly, brought to the fore right now. I think one of the ways that we're able to battle against some of these issues around labor and/or absenteeism because of COVID is we have multiple factories that can -- that have significant overlap on what they produce, and we're able to sort of meet demands.
Chris Dankert: Absolutely.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: I was just checking all the inventory in my garage. I have a bunch of different HVAC systems in my garage sitting there. I'm going to sell them for a higher price.
Todd Bluedorn: And my guess is they're probably Trane and Carrier.
Steve Tusa: Definitely not, JCI. So you mentioned that the Carrier businesses have gone out with price increases. Have you seen that across all their brands?
Todd Bluedorn: What I have in front of me is we've seen it in the ICP brands.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Steve Harrison: Carrier announced also, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Carrier announced also? Yes. So Steve's helping me. He's in a different room for security reasons. But yes, so we've seen it in the Carrier brand also. So we've seen it in all our major competitors.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got you. And then how do you kind of expect the kind of -- I know this is not a typical question, but obviously with what happened last year, how do you kind of expect the monthlies to play out in the second quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think as you'd expect, right? So May was the nadir [ph] last year for the businesses. And so April will be up, May will be up. And I think June will be up. And again, it depends on the business, quite frankly. Residential didn't go as deep and came back relatively quickly. The commercial and refrigeration business was deep and stayed deep and didn't really start to come back until fourth quarter.
Steve Tusa: Right. And I guess for sales in the second quarter, you mentioned the 55% EPS seasonality. Can you just maybe update us on what you expect kind of from a sales seasonality perspective on that front, whether it's resi or the total company?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I quite frankly don't have it in front of me. I'm not going to give the revenue guide. We just want to give the EPS guide.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just one last one. How much, I guess 2.5% of price for the total company, how much in resi should we assume a tick above that in resi, something in kind of the 3.5% range?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think if I was modeling, because we don't give segment price guide, I would assume 2.5% across the board. 
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: Resi is two-thirds of our business. So we give a guide and we don't delineate it then. I just assume resi is our guide.
Steve Tusa: I don't think you guys have -- that's kind of like a record price number year-over-year, at least the data I have looking back 10 years, right? That's a pretty decent sized number looking back historically.
Todd Bluedorn: We did 71 million in 2019. We did 72 million in 2018. Steve did have the number that went back I think in 2011, 2012 as a percentage because we were a lot smaller back then.
Steve Harrison: Yes. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think we did close to 2.5%. But yes, we've done 2% as recent as twice, two years in a row. I would tell you the inflationary pressure people see and the headlines that they have on it and all our competitors are feeling is unlike anything I've seen, because it's just not in commodities. It's sort of across the board. And better stated, it's just not raw copper, steel and aluminum. It's across the board because everyone sort of has what I would call a COVID surcharge of inefficiencies that they’re trying to pass on. So I feel very confident we'll pass it on. And again, the homeowner, it's opaque to them. They get a new unit once every 15 years, and half the price is labor and half is equipment. And so whether it's 2% or 2.5%, it doesn't matter. The question is, are competitors doing the same thing? And it looks like they are.
Steve Tusa: And you're sure that there's no – you haven't heard any anecdotes about contractors not necessarily saying, hey, your price is going to go up 2% if you don't replace it today. But that they're saying last year, there were real availability concerns. The industry is extremely tight. There's a new regulation coming in a couple of years from now. You don't think any of those conversations are going on at the kitchen table?
Todd Bluedorn: I think those conversations always take place at the kitchen table. So the way it works is there's a catastrophic failure. Compressor breaks, $3,000 to replace the compressor. The homeowner says, I'm not going to spend $6,000 for a new system. I'll just replace the compressor. You don't want to do that, and here's the seven reasons why you don't want to do that. Those are always conversations that take place. My point is, there isn't a bad -- there isn't a thermostat software issue that you go to the home and fix that and the system is working fine. You say, you should get a new system because there's a 2.5% price increase. That ain't never happening. What happens is if there's a catastrophic failure, there's a conversation. And I don't -- there's price increases every year, there's refrigerant changes, there's a minimum efficiency changes. All of that takes place year-after-year-after year. And whether it's a 2% price increase or a 2.5% price increase, doesn't change that conversation. So in '18 and '19, we had a 2% price increase. Now we have 2.5%. That doesn't tip people over to replacement units in a wholesale way than they did before. So the answer is no.
Steve Tusa: Yes. I don't think it's the price. I would say availability is a bit more of a buzzword and a hot button issue these days than it's been in the past, but fair point.
Todd Bluedorn: Our dealers have product. So they have it.
Steve Tusa: Right. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. I appreciate the details as always.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And with no further questions, Mr. Bluedorn, I'll turn it back to you for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. To wrap up, 2021 is off to a strong start and momentum continues in the second quarter. The company is executing well to capitalize on market growth and share gain opportunities and we look forward to a year of strong growth and profitability. Thanks again everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-02 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are currently in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2020. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance for the quarter and year as well as the outlook for 2021. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups, and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast for today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operation, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filing with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. In the fourth quarter, we continue to see strong momentum in our Residential business, and year-over-year improvement in Commercial and Refrigeration. Overall, for the company, revenue was up 3% and held a new fourth quarter high of $914 million. GAAP operating income was a $139 million compared to a $192 million in the prior year quarter that included $93 million net gain from insurance recoveries. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $2.91 compared to $2.92 in the prior year quarter that included $93 million of insurance benefit I mentioned in a $39 million pre-tax pension settlement. In addition, to record fourth quarter revenue, the company set new fourth quarter highs for total segment profit and margin and adjusted EPS from continuing operations. As reported, total segment profit was a fourth quarter record a $139 million up 5% from the prior year quarter that included $25 million of insurance recovery. Total segment margin was a fourth quarter record 15.2% up 10 basis points. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 18% to fourth quarter record of $2.89. From an operating perspective, excluding the $25 million of insurance benefit in the prior year quarter, total segment profit was up 29% and segment margin expanded 300 basis points. Looking at our business segments for the fourth quarter. Residential set new fourth quarter records for revenue, profit and margin. Residential revenue was up 11% on double-digit growth in both replacement and new construction business. Residential indoor air quality revenue was up more than 30% in the quarter. Segment profit rose 18% and segment margin expanded a 130 basis points to 20.9%. From an operational perspective, adjusting for the $25 million of insurance benefit in the prior year quarter, residential profit rose 58% and margin expanded 630 basis points. In Commercial, fourth quarter revenue was down 13% and profit was down 11%. Segment margin expanded 40 basis points to a fourth quarter record 19.4%. We continue to see year-over-year improvement in business in both replacement and new construction as well as in national accounts in the regional and local business. Commercial equipment revenue overall was down mid-teens in the quarter, within this, replacement revenue was down low single-digits in constant currency, with plan replacement down high single-digits and emergency replacement up low double-digits. New construction revenue was down mid-20s percentage. Breaking out revenue another way, regional and local business revenue was down low double-digits. National accounts equipment revenue was down mid-teens. On the service side, Lennox National Accounts Service revenue was down high single-digits. Some highlights to mention for Commercial. Our team added six new national account equipment customers in the quarter to bring the total to 32 for the year. As small today, we're seeing fast indoor air quality revenue growth led by our new building better air initiative. And in the first quarter, we're on track with the launch of our new Model L Rooftop unit as we continue to lead the field in energy efficiency. The Model L features variable speed technology and an all-new advanced control system. We're seeing high customer interest in this industry leading product for 2021. Overall, Commercial backlog is up double-digits. In Refrigeration, for the fourth quarter revenue was up 7% as reported, and up 3% at constant currency. North America revenue was up low single-digits. Europe Refrigeration revenue was up mid-single-digits as reported and low single-digits at constant currency. Europe HVAC revenue was up mid-teens as reported and up high single-digits at constant currency. Refrigeration segment profit declined 28% and margin contracted to 360 basis points to 7.5% on the timing of expenses in the quarter and unfavorable mix of the strong growth in Europe HVAC. Currently, Refrigeration backlog is up double-digits led by North America and we're seeing strong order flow. We expect segment margin to be up year-over-year starting in the first quarter and be up for the full year in 2021. For the company overall in 2021, we are reiterating guidance. We expect revenue growth of 48% this year and GAAP and adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $10.55 to $11.15 for the full year. While there's an economic and market uncertainty, momentum continues for the company we're well positioned for year of strong growth and profitability. Given the outlook and the company's strong balance sheet and cash generation, we are restarting our stock purchase program in 2021 and plan to buy back 400 million this year. I'll now turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. And good morning, everyone. Let me start with a quick summary of our full year 2020 for the company, and then the financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year. Overall, for the company, revenue for 2020 was $3.63 billion down 5% on a GAAP basis and down 4% on adjusted basis, excluding the impact from the divestitures in the prior year. Foreign Exchange was neutral to revenue. GAAP operating income was $479 million compared to $657 million in the prior year. That included a $179 million net gain from insurance recoveries. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $9.26 compared to $10.38 in the prior year; that included the $179 million insurance benefit and $99 million in pre-tax pension settlements. Total adjusted segment profit for the full year was $507 million compared to $610 million in the prior year. That included a $99 million of insurance recovery. Total adjusted segment margin was 13.9% for the year, compared to 16.2% in the prior year with the insurance benefit. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $9.94 compared to $11.19 in the prior year with the insurance benefit and pension settlements. From an operational perspective, excluding the $99 million of insurance benefit in the prior year. Total segment profit was down 1% and total segment margin was up 40 basis points. Now turning to the business segments for the quarter and the year. In the fourth quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was a fourth quarter record $553 million up 11%. Volume was up 10%, price was up 1% and mix was flat with foreign exchange neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a fourth quarter record $116 million up 18%. Segment margin was a fourth quarter record 20.9% up 130 basis points. And as Todd mentioned, operationally profit was up 58% and margin expanded 630 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price, lower material and other product costs, higher factory productivity and lower SG&A. Partial offsets included $25 million of non-recurring insurance proceeds in the prior quarter, the COVID-19 pandemic, and higher tariff rate distribution and warranty. For the full year, Residential segment revenue was a record $2.36 billion up 3%. Volume was up 2%. Combined price and mix was up 1% with both up. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $429 million down 8% from the prior year that had the $99 million from insurance recovery. Segment margin was 18.1% down 220 basis points as reported. Operationally, excluding the insurance recovery in the prior year, segment profit was up 17% and margin expanded 210 basis points. Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. In the fourth quarter, commercial revenue was $226 million down 13%. Volume was down 8%. Price was flat and mix was down 5%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $44 million down 11%. Segment margin was a fourth quarter record 19.4% up 40 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, lower volume, unfavorable mix and higher freight distribution and SG&A. Partial offsets included lower material and other product costs, higher factory productivity, lower warranty and tariff exclusions and refunds due to exclusions. For the full year, Commercial revenue was $801 million down 15%. Volume was down 14%. Price was flat and mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Segment profit was $137 million down 17%. Segment margin was 17.1% down 40 basis points. In Refrigeration, revenue was $135 million up 7%. Volume was up 3%. Price was up 1% and mix was down 1% and foreign exchange had a favorable 4% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $10 million in the fourth quarter down 28%. Segment margin was 7.5% down 360 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, unfavorable mix, higher distribution, warranty and other product costs and the timing of SG&A expenses. Partial offsets included higher volume, favorable price and lower material costs. For the full year, Refrigeration revenue was $472 million down 12%. Volume was down 14%. Price was up 1% and mix was flat. Foreign exchange had a favorable 1% impact. Segment profit was $33 million down 47% and segment profit margin was 7% down 470 basis points. Regarding special items in the fourth quarter, the company had net after tax gain of $800,000 that included a net gain of $3.4 million from insurance recoveries related to damage at the company's manufacturing facility in Iowa, a benefit of $2.3 million related to environmental liabilities, a benefit of $1.5 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. For charges, we had $2.7 million for asbestos-related litigation, $1.5 million for special product quality adjustments, $1.4 million for personal protective equipment and facility deep cleaning expenses incurred due to the COVID-19 pandemic and a net charge of $800,000 in total for various other items. Now, looking at special items for the full year, the company had net after tax charges of $26 million, and they included a charge of $8.5 million for other tax items, $8.4 million for restructuring activities, $6.2 million for personal protective equipment and facility deep cleaning expenses incurred due to the COVID-19 pandemic, $4.2 million for asbestos-related litigation, a net loss of $2.3 million related to damage the company's manufacturing facility in Iowa, a net charge of $600,000 in total for various other items, and a benefit of $4.2 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. Corporate expenses were $30 million in the fourth quarter and $92 million for the full year. Overall, SG&A was $143 million for the fourth quarter or 15.7% of revenue down from 16.3% in the prior quarter. For 2020, overall, SG&A was $556 million or 15.3% of revenue down from 15.4% on an adjusted basis in the prior year. For 2020, the company had cash from operations of $612 million compared to $396 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures were approximately $78 million for the full year compared to $106 million in the prior year. And proceeds for damaged property and disposal of property were $1 million, compared to $81 million in the prior year. Free cash flow was $535 million for the year compared to $371 million in the prior year. In 2020, the company paid $118 million in dividends and repurchased $100 million of company stock. Total debt was $981 million at the end of the fourth quarter. And we ended the year with a debt-to-EBIT ratio of 1.7. And cash and cash equivalents were $124 million at the end of the year. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2021. Our underlying market assumptions for the year remain the same. We expect industry to see mid-single-digit shipments growth in Residential, Commercial Unitary and Refrigeration markets in North America. The company's guidance for 2021 remains the same as we presented at the December Investment Community meeting. Our guidance for 2021 revenue growth is 4% to 8% with neutral foreign exchange impact. We still expect GAAP and adjusted EPS from continuing operations in a range of $10.55 to $11.15 with about half of the earnings in the first half of the year and half in the second half of the year. Let me now run through other key points on our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2021, all of which are unchanged. We expect the benefit of $50 million in price for the year. We expect the benefit of $25 million from sourcing and engineering lead cost reductions and a $20 million benefit from factory productivity. We are guiding for residential mix being neutral and we think that foreign exchange will be neutral as well. For the headwinds in 2021, we expect a $30 million headwind from commodities. Freight is expected to be a $5 million headwind, we will be at a more normal run rate with distribution investments this year with 30 new Lennox stores planned. Tariffs are expected to be a $5 million headwind, we are planning for SG&A to be up approximately 7% for the year or headwind of about $45 million. Within SG&A, we'll be making investments in R&D and IT for continued innovation in leadership and products, control, e-commerce, factory automation, and productivity. A few other guidance points, corporate expenses are targeted at $90 million. Net interest in pension expense is expected to be approximately $35 million. We expect an effective tax rate of approximately 21% on an adjusted basis for the full year. We are planning capital expenditures to be approximately $135 million this year, about $30 million of which are for the third plant at our campus in Mexico. We expect construction to be completed by the end of 2021 and have the plant fully operational by mid-2022, we expect nearly $10 million in annual savings from the third plant. Free cash flow is targeted $325 million, as we reinflate working capital to support strong growth. And over the long term, we expect free cash flow to approximate net income on average. And finally, we expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between $37 million to $38 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $400 million of stock this year. And with that, John, let's now go to Q&A.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And first from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Morning Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, Todd, good to see the execution was much better than your football team.
Todd Bluedorn: I think, we're both watching other people's teams this weekend.
Jeff Hammond: Yes, yes. Just I want to understand on resi margins, just the strength there. I mean, it was considerably higher, and just what were the big drivers, and if there was any real impact, as you kind of produce more to kind of restock and if that continues into 1Q?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I mean, I read your pre note, yes, the short answer is there was some benefit from absorption as we continue to produce in fourth quarter for the demand rolling into 2021. But even more important than that, as the drivers of the margin were the aggressive SG&A costs that the team took out early in the year, we haven't added back a lot of them. And so, we had great SG&A leverage. Also, we had very strong quarter material costs, and just in the factories themselves, even above absorption some of the productivity initiatives really kicked in second half of the year and we saw the benefits so, absorption helped. And it will help as you suggest as we roll in the next year. But there was benefits across, there was strong performance across the board and resi.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, and then maybe switching over to commercial can you just did book-to-bill - was book-to-bill positive in 4Q? Did you see order acceleration? When do you think that backlog starts to flow out in sales growth? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: We're seeing sales growth in first quarter so far. I mean, it's starting to accelerate in first quarter. Orders have taken a bit of a pause during the first three weeks in January, which I think is normal as you go into a new year. That's not unusual for us. And I think there's a little bit of uncertainty out there in the commercial marketplace. But we're set up for a nice quarter in Q1 and the backlogs starting to build for second quarter and balance of the year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. Maybe, hey, just the first question on the incremental margins. So just wanted to sort of check on your conviction and being able to get that 30% incremental for the year across the company. At any segment color you provide I suppose, particularly in refrigeration, how should we think about operating leverage there this year?
Todd Bluedorn: The good news for anyone who's ever worked in a large corporation, the good news after having a tough year is the next year you have great comps. And I think that's true in our Refrigeration business, so I think we'll have positive news in Refrigeration. Overall, for the corporation, we guided 30% incrementals. We're still feeling pretty good about that. We're going to have price of $50 million that'll offset the commodity headwind of $30 million, freight and tariff headwind each of $5 million to $40 million of costs, and those three buckets offset with price, and the MCR and additional volume. So, as we talked about in December, we feel pretty good about the 30% incremental.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then, maybe just following up on the commercial side. If you could just give any color around sort of different verticals, that you're seeing, any update as well on the sort of competitive landscape in commercial, and how quickly we can expect revenue to turn positive? Is it Q2 or perhaps earlier, in terms of year-on-year?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I understand. I'm not going to answer that last part. We said we have double-digit backlog going into the year, where we saw the pickup in order rates in fourth quarter where and planned replacement as large national account customers got more comfortable on placing orders. And I also think some of them had capital at the end of the year that they didn't spend because of uncertainty earlier in the year. And so, we had - we didn't deliver those units, but we booked those business and that will flow into the first half of this year. Emergency replacement was up in fourth quarter, so that continues to flow. I think the area that's weakest right now, quite frankly, continues weak is commercial new construction, given the uncertainty that still exists around the recovery from COVID.
Julian Mitchell: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, John.
John Walsh: Question around your opportunity as you see it in the K-12 vertical. We're starting to hear people talk about some of these executive actions that President Biden took, trying to get students and teachers back into schools healthily and quickly in his first 100 days. Are you seeing any of that in your commercial business?
Todd Bluedorn: The schools tend to move relatively slow. So, from the time they're sort of a mandate on top until the time you see the revenue flow through the business takes time. We have a very strong K Through12 program, if you will. We have dedicated salespeople just for that vertical, our indoor air quality product serves that market, our high efficiency product serves that market. So, we're in lots of dialogues with people, but I don't think there's been a light switch turned on that market.
John Walsh: Got you. And then, I guess, maybe not necessarily surprising. A bunch of the detailed items in the guidance walk didn't change. But I guess I'm a little bit surprised on the commodity costs, still in line with the December outlook, given the move in steel, maybe you could just remind us, I know you have a hedging program on copper, I thought you bought a little bit more spot steel, but maybe can you just help us understand that a little bit better?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I'll give you the specific answer and then I'll directly answer the broader question of why then change it narrowly. We buy steel a couple different ways. We have some fixed contracts. We have some contracts that are tied to scrap. And then majority of it is we buy from the mills based on CRU pricing the prior quarter. When you - so when we're quote unquote predicting copper and aluminum, we have a large hedge already in our books. And so, we have a pretty good view what we're going to have. For steel, we have to sort of predict what's going to happen. Now as the answer, in December, we were depending I guess what side of the trade you were on, we are either bearish or bullish but we assumed steel was going to go up and we rolled that into our guide. And so, it's plus or minus commodities is still a $30 million headwind.
John Walsh: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Good morning. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Gautam. How are you?
Gautam Khanna: Doing well, thank you, I was curious, just can you speak to any changes in the competitive dynamics, we'd heard that Daikin's Goodman facility was, there was some COVID outbreaks and then you saw kind of the big channel refill in resi in Q4. I'm just curious, like, any sort of things to think about year-over-year as we kind of comp the weirdness of 2020 in resi competitively?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I mean, I think the most important thing is what I spent a ton of time talking about in December, which is, the broader your - the larger your independent distribution network is the more our belief is that you pulled volume from 2021 and to 2020, and that distributors not only were reloading for inventory that was down, but sort of the scarcity mindset was taking over and they were trying to make sure they had lots of inventory in case OEMs ran into production issues. And so our sense is people with independent distribution have inflated sales numbers in fourth quarter and that will bleed off as you go through the year compared to us, which is, we delivered in resi up 11% overall. And that we think in fact we know in our Lennox business, which is 80% of our residential, we see demand when the customers buying the unit to a vast large degree. So, I think that's the one thing to model for. And as we talked about with us narrowly, that sort of the timing of EPS or earnings is a little bit different to normal, that we expect about half of our EPS to come in first half and about half of the EPS in second half, which is a little different weighting that what we've had in the past.
Gautam Khanna: That's helpful. And Todd, maybe I know you used to work at Carrier. I'm just curious, have you seen any change in their behavior competitively now that it's an independent company? Anything you can speak to just based on [Indiscernible]
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think the short answer is no, Carrier has always been a very good competitor and they publicly different things happen and they say different things on the earnings call, but on the ground, it's the same tried and true sales force and strong dealer network. And they've always had good product. And they haven't changed their pricing strategy, they haven't changed, I don't think how they buy components and commodities or sourcing strategies. And they haven't changed their distribution strategy. So, from where we sit, it's very similar to what we have seen in past.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: So the commentary around the first half versus second half, what is definitely helpful. But, Todd, anything you want to say about calibrating expectations for 1Q based on what you guys have seen like into January?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll answer the question obliquely. In Residential, we continue to see strong momentum. And in Commercial and Refrigeration as I talked about, backlogs are up double-digits as we ended the year. And so, we're hitting first quarter at a pretty stiff pace, we'll see how the balance of the quarter goes. But we feel pretty good as we start the year.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. Thanks. And then on the seasonality of free cash flow, how do we think about the quarters in 2021 relative to what you normally see just thinking about how the cadence of working capital used could look throughout the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it'll be more of a normal year where we'll sort of peak and working capital early and then burn it off second half of the year where 2020 was abnormal, that we never sort of reloaded on working capital second half. And so, we outperformed on free cash flow. I think it'll be more of a traditional year. And, again, just to connect some of the dots, so I'll take your question and expand on areas that I want to talk about. Maybe Nicole you didn't directly asked, but I would just sort of underline the free cash flow of $535 million in 2020, which is a record. We're guiding for 325 next year. Over the two-year period, it's about 110% of net income. So, 2020, 2021 over the two-year period, 110% of our adjusted net income which is a pretty strong performance in cash flow over a couple year period.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. And thanks for expanding. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And we'll go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. We had a pretty thorough vetting in '21 back in December. So, this is not for me. But I'm curious the 10% growth in residential during 4Q, how does that look by brands, Allied versus Lennox brands?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. Overall, we're up 11%. Our Lennox was up high single digits, and our Allied grew mid-20s. And so, what we saw in our business is what we've been saying others are seeing, which is our independent distribution business. Allied grew much stronger than our Lennox business, but not because they're winning share just, we have distributors who are reloading and quite frankly, with a scarcity mindset trying to pull some volume in.
Nigel Coe: Okay. The [ph] Hardy data, I mean, I'm not sure how accurate that actually is. But the Hardy data showed big pickup in sugar shipments in December. And I'm curious if you saw the same pattern in the announcements with in terms of the sell through to the dealers. It makes sense from the weather perspective I was just curious what you saw?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean, we didn't - I mean, just from a weather perspective, it wasn't so cold in January this year versus last year - December this year versus last year. We saw some pickup in December, but not near the Hardy data. Again, I think you're right that the Hardy data in any given month is suspect. I think directionally over a 12 month rolling data sort of gives you the right area for the number but I think in any given month, it could be a little misleading.
Nigel Coe: Thank you.
Operator: And next we'll go to Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good morning. Can you just maybe clarify the margin kind of color on resi, I think to Julian's question. You mentioned refrigeration will be good. I just didn't catch what you said on resi specifically.
Todd Bluedorn: I reframed the question. I'm not sure he asked me a question on residential margins.
Steve Tusa: Sorry, I thought he asked about residential margins. So, you had said overall guide 30% incrementals and positive - but refrigeration would be pretty positive. So, what's kind of the - what's the resi kind of view?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I think on the round they're all plus or minus 30. So, from a resi view 30, commercial 30. And refrigeration that was could probably be a little bit higher. But that's such a small part of our business, the other two will drive it then what we do on corporate expenses.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then just lastly, kind of looking out over the next couple of years. I know there's another efficiency regulation coming in. Is there any kind of change to your approach on product development beyond '22? Do you see the industry shifting more towards these kind of hybrid ductless products with the inverters in them beyond that with this new step up in cost on this efficiency regulation? And are you guys - what are you doing to kind of address that vertical that kind of hybrid ductless inverter-based product vertical?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I mean, the hybrid ductless, again, we can develop whatever product we want. But 80% of the product is replacement. And the ducts are already in the home. And so, the lowest cost solution for the 80% that's add on or replacement is our ducted systems. We are coming out with a 28 seri unit in first quarter that we talked about. We think we have as good or better variable speed technology with our compression partners. And so, we think we're playing right in the sweet spot, which is to have the lowest cost point to have the highest efficiency in the marketplace. And we think with our compression technology, our coil strategy and our Mexican Assembly Facility we're able to do that.
Steve Tusa: Got it. And when you look out to the next couple years, I mean, do you expect prebuy in '22 what's kind of your - what's your latest and greatest on kind of the multiyear view?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't think there'll be a prebuy in any meaningful way. Again, it always comes down to the fine tuning of the actual details how it's implemented. But the last time we did this, which was a more normal way to do it. You had sort of months to prepare and get it correct. And you don't have this huge step function change, like we did back in, that the industry had back in 2006, 2007. So, I think there may be a bit of prebuy, but not like there's been in the past.
Steve Tusa: Got it. So, there won't be that much of a change in competitive landscape coming away from this in your mind?
Todd Bluedorn: No, and again, it's - when we went from 10 to 13, or the industry, I wasn't here, but we went from 10 to 13, that had been the first major jump in a while that really screwed up the premium competitors in retrospect, and a big one it's was Goodman, because all of a sudden differentiation got collapsed. One, I think everybody's understood that and so one of the reasons we come out with 28 seri in 2021 is to prepare to sort of have the high end stretched out for when we have to make the transition. And then the other is, it's a much smaller bite when you're going from 14 to 15, that's as much difference than going from 10 to 13 as a percentage, obviously. So, you just don't have this huge cost shock to the system and sigh shock to the system with the big units back in 2006, 2007. So, I view it as sort of, not quite home [ph], but pretty close to home. And then the other thing that's on the horizon residential regulatory wise is changing refrigerants to lower greenhouse gas emissions. And with the current administration it looks like it's going to be national rather than just a few states. And again, we'll be prepared for that as I think the rest of the industry will.
Steve Tusa: But that California reg was pushed, right? More or less?
Todd Bluedorn: California reg was pushed. But it looks like it's going to the Biden administration, our best understanding is it will drive it as a national implementation just not card.
Steve Tusa: Wow. Okay, got it. Thanks a lot. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Maybe just starting off on refrigeration margins, I know you mentioned there was a mix issues in the quarter and some step up in SG&A. Can you guys just maybe parse that out a little further and help quantify some of the impacts this quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I mean, the two, I gave you were sort of the - are the two rattled off are the two big drivers. It was the fact that we were up in HVAC in Europe and down in our North America refrigeration business had a significant impact on the margins. And then, the other piece was just the timing of costs. And getting to the accounting sort of accrual adjustments and sort of year-over-year differences and fourth quarter took a hit compared to fourth quarter last year. As I think, I mentioned in the script, we expect to have margins up in Q1 in refrigeration and for them to be up full year.
Joe Ritchie: Got it. As you maybe take a look at your backlog in refrigeration and it sounds to me like there's going to be a mixed benefit then in 2021. Are you seeing the North America PCO business growing well versus in Europe at this point?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, cool. And then just - my one final question going back to commercial for a second. On planned replacement, I'm just curious. It seemed like you saw an uptick there in the quarter. I'm just curious, I guess in terms of like getting on-premise access for your services, like, how did things compared today with coronavirus cases surging versus what we saw maybe earlier in 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: Can you - you broke up a little bit right in here. Can you ask question one more time?
Joe Ritchie: Sure. No problem. Sorry about that. So, the question is really just around getting on premise access to do your plans replacements today versus what you saw in that?
Todd Bluedorn: We have no issue. We're able to get on the job site, do what we need to do. Our guys are matched up and commercial customers have no issue in them.
Joe Ritchie: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'll turn it over to you Mr. Bluedorn for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks to everyone. To wrap up, as I mentioned in Q&A and during the script, momentum continues in first quarter and 2021 is off to a nice start. Lennox team is executing well to capitalize on market growth and share gains. We look forward to a year of strong growth and profitability. Thanks again for everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-19 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the third quarter of 2020. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the outlook and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance and guidance. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site and available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Committee Meeting. The event will be held the morning of Wednesday, December 16. The format will be virtual this year. Please mark your calendars, invitations and more details will follow. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start with a quick overview on the third quarter that continues to be impacted by COVID-19 pandemic and then discuss our updated 2020 outlook. For the year, we are raising guidance for revenue, earnings and free cash flow driven by the continued strength in our residential business. Overall for the company in the third quarter, revenue was up 2% to $1.06 billion, the third quarter record. GAAP operating income was up 7% to a third quarter record of $167 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 16% to new high for any quarter of $3.42. Total adjusted segment profit was a third quarter record of $177 million, up 1% from the prior year quarter that included $16 million of insurance benefit. From an operational perspective, excluding the insurance benefit, total adjusted segment profit was up 11%. Total adjusted segment margin for the third quarter was 16.7% compared to 17% in the prior year quarter. From an operational perspective, excluding the insurance benefit in the third quarter last year, total adjusted segment margin was up 130 basis points. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 6% to $3.53, a third quarter record. On our residential segment in the third quarter, revenue was up 13% to a new high for any quarter of $722 million. Revenue from replacement business is up low double-digits. Revenue from new construction was up mid-teens. Residential segment profit set a new record – excuse me, set a new third quarter record at $153 million, up 21%. Segment margin expanded about 140 basis points to a third quarter record of 21.2%. On an operational basis, excluding the insurance benefit in the prior year quarter, segment profit rose 38% and segment margin expanded 390 basis points. Our residential business benefited from continued strong market conditions and favorable hot weather in July and August. Consumers continue to replace units more than repair with equipment growth rate running multiples ahead of the parts growth rate. September turned significantly cooler, which continues to – which has continued to-date in October as contractors work towards winter and furnaces. Strength in the residential market continues and the team is executing well as it continues to take advantage of market opportunities to gain share. Turning to our commercial-facing businesses, they continue to be more heavily impacted from the pandemic than residential as expected. In the commercial business segment, revenue and profit were down 18%. Segment margin expanded 10 basis points to 18.7%. National account equipment revenue was down nearly 30% and regional and local revenue was down mid-teens. Breaking down revenue another way, replacement was down high-teens and new construction was down high 20s. On the service side, Linux national accounts service revenue was down low double-digits. VRF revenue was down low double-digits. While overall commercial equipment revenue was down 20% in the third quarter, we continue to see signs of relative improvement in the business with commercial equipment backlog currently down mid-teens year-over-year and order rates reflecting gradual improvement as well. Our commercial team continues to win new business decision for future growth. Commercial won 11 new national count customers in the third quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to 26. In addition, our commercial group has launched an initiative called Building Better Air that is focused on improving indoor air quality of commercial spaces. This initiative combines our innovative product line and industry leading building services to provide comprehensive IAQ solutions to commercial customers. We are helping business and building owners evaluate for HVAC systems recommend that comprehensive indoor air quality solution tailored to the building and identify a maintenance plan to ensure ongoing indoor air quality effectiveness. Turning to our Refrigeration business segment, revenue was down 14% at constant currency. North America was down high-teens and Europe was down high single-digits. Segment profit was down 34% and segment margin contracts at 350 basis points to 10.4%. Refrigeration profitability was impacted by negative mix with Europe down less than the U.S. in the quarter as well as factory inefficiencies due to COVID-19. As in the commercial business, we are seeing signs in Refrigeration of relative year-over-year improvement from the third quarter with backlog up and order rates reflecting strong improvement. A quick update on SG&A cost savings this year. Earlier this year, we enacted a $115 million SG&A savings program. Due to the improved performance of our end-markets and our strong operational performance, we have restored compensation and volume related SG&A costs. Several examples of what I am talking about are reinstituting pay for the temporary salary reduction, increase sales commissions and paying performance-based compensation. We are now planning for $65 million of SG&A savings this year, with 45% coming from discretionary spending, 40% from headcount reduction and the remaining 15% from paying incentives that return in 2021. To wrap up with our updated guidance on 2020, we are raising revenue, adjusted EPS and free cash flow. Revenue is now expected to be down 5% to 9% for the full year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations is now expected to be $9.05 to $9.65 and free cash flow is expected to be approximately $425 million. We continue to face highly uncertain economic conditions in the fourth quarter and remain cautious on the potential impact from the pandemic heading into the winter season, but Lennox has a seasoned team, experience in managing through downturns, while continuing to invest in advanced accounting for the future. We look forward to closing 2020 strong with momentum into 2021. Now, over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I will provide some additional comments and financial details on business segments for the quarter starting with residential heating and cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was a record $722 million, up 13%. Volume was up 11% and price and mix combined was up 2% and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a third quarter record of $153 million, up 21% as reported over the prior quarter that included $16 million of insurance benefit. Segment margin was a third quarter record of 21.2%, which was up 140 basis points as reported over the prior quarter with the insurance benefit. Segment profit was primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price, lower material and other product cost, higher factory productivity and lower distribution and freight costs. Partial offsets included the year-over-year difference in insurance benefit, higher selling and incentive expenses and tariffs. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business, commercial revenue was $208 million, down 18%. Volume was down 16%. Price and mix combined was down 2% and price flat and mix down. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $39 million, down 18%. Segment margin ticked up 10 basis points to 18.7%. Segment profit was primarily impacted by lower volume driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and unfavorable mix. Partial offsets included lower material cost, higher factory productivity, lower distribution cost and lower SG&A expense. In Refrigeration, third quarter revenue was $125 million, down 12%. Volume was down 16%, price and mix combined was up 2% and foreign exchange had a favorable 2% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $13 million, down 34%. Segment margin was 10.4%, down 350 basis points. Segment profit was primarily impacted by lower volume and lower factory efficiency due to the COVID-19 pandemic and unfavorable mix. Partial offsets included favorable price, lower material costs, lower SF&A expense and favorable foreign exchange. Regarding special items in the third quarter, the company had net after-tax charges totaling $4.4 million that included a $3.6 million loss from natural disasters net of insurance recoveries related to an August 2020 high-wind damage at the company’s manufacturing facility in Iowa, $2.2 million for personal protective equipment and facility deep cleaning expenses incurred due to the COVID-19 pandemic, a net charge of $1.4 million for various other items, and a benefit of $2.8 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. Corporate expenses were $28 million in third quarter compared to $18 million in the prior year quarter as the company’s financial results in the third quarter triggered incentive compensation true-ups for performance year-to-date. Overall, SG&A was $152 million, up 6% from the prior year quarter. And for the first 9 months, SG&A is down 7%. In the third quarter, the company generated $440 million dollars of cash from operations compared to $236 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $12 million compared to approximately $25 million in the prior year quarter and free cash flow was $428 million in the quarter compared to $211 million in the prior year quarter. The company paid approximately $30 million in dividends in the quarter. Total debt was $1.01 billion at the end of the third quarter and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.8. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $59 million at the end of September. Now, before I turn it over to Q&A, I will review our current market assumptions and guidance points for 2020. For the industry overall, we now expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be roughly flat this year. We now expect both commercial unitary shipments and refrigeration shipments to be down approximately 20% for the industry this year. Looking at the company’s performance year-to-date and outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising our 2020 revenue guidance from a decline of 10% to 15% to a decline of 5% to 9% for the year. We are raising our guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations from a range of $7.31 to $8.11 to a new range of $8.35 to $8.95 for the year. We are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $7.90 to $8.70 to a new range of $9.05 to $9.65 for the year. Looking at the various puts and takes in our financial guidance for 2020 that we are updating commodities are not expected to be a $25 million benefit for the year compared to prior guidance of a $20 million benefit. We now expect a $25 million benefit from sourcing and engineering lead cost reductions compared to prior guidance of a $20 million benefit. Residential mix is expected to be a headwind of approximately $10 million for the full year as new construction has outperformed replacement business year-to-date. Earlier expectations were for new construction to slow and mix to be flat. We now expect corporate expense of approximately $90 million compared to prior guidance of $75 million primarily due to higher compensation expense related to the company’s performance. We now expect interest and pension expense of approximately $35 million compared to prior guidance of $40 million. We now expect an effective tax rate for the full year on an adjusted basis of 19% to 20% compared to the prior range of 21% to 22% due to the timing of certain tax benefits this year. And for 2021, we expect the effective tax rate to be back in the 21% to 22% range. Capital expenditures are now expected to be $100 million for this year from prior guidance of $120 million on the timing of some spending between 2020 and 2021. And our guidance for free cash flow is now approximately $425 million from the prior guidance of $340 million for the year. For our guidance points that are remaining the same, price is still expected to be a $25 million benefit for the year. Residential factory productivity is still expected to be a $10 million headwind. We still expect tariffs to be neutral and we continue to expect freight to be a $10 million benefit. The weighted average diluted share count for the full year is still expected to be between 38 million to 39 million shares and our stock repurchase plans remain on hold after repurchasing $100 million of stock in the first quarter for the $400 million that was planned going into the year. Now, with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I will first go to line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Maybe just a first question on the top line, the guidance at the midpoint and even the high-end implies sort of step down in Q4 sequentially that’s much worse than normal. Is that just because of the uncertainty in the environment or is there anything sort of specific that you are calling out? And maybe related to that, just wondered on your latest assessments of the health of the resi market entering next year, I heard you say this year you are looking at a flattish market now, any thoughts on sort of fundamentals into next year?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. On the first point, it’s a combination both of uncertainty in the fourth quarter, but also we had such a strong third quarter if you are looking at it sequentially, year-over-year, I mean, it’s a record third quarter for us. Our residential revenue was up 13% driven by hot weather so that helped. And so I think that’s part of it. In terms of looking into 2021, on markets, we continue to remain bullish on the residential markets. There is lots of moving pieces, but we called – we are calling for the market to be flat this year. And I think that’s an important perspective remember, I understand that some folks are wondering, did demand get pulled in to something from 2021 get pulled into the strong third quarter? Two points, I would make one overall, the market is going to be flat year-over-year in the middle of the pandemic. Second is just the behavior of a residential homeowner, even when there is not a pandemic, no one wants anyone into their house to replace the unit unless they have to and there is a catastrophic failure, they replace the unit. And especially in a pandemic, no one wants people coming into their houses and spending 2 or 3 days replacing the unit. So, these are being replaced when they break and they are not being repaired like they were during the financial crisis, but there has to be a proximate cause for them coming in and that’s not pulling forward demand. No one is sort of saying let’s replace it now rather than next summer. They are replacing it now when it breaks and they have no choice. And so we remain confident as we have talked before that we think there is another couple of years of this mid single-digit growth and for it to be flat in the middle of the pandemic shows the resiliency of this market. And so we remain confident in the resi market for 2021.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then my second question just on the margin outlook perhaps clarify exactly, how much of that $65 million in the savings could reverse or come back into the P&L next year? And what are you thinking for sort of residential operating leverage as you look out now that the revenue line has returned to growth again?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the way I think about it is our new guide on the SG&A, take out $65 million. And then when you look at that $65 million, only 15% of it now is paying incentives, because so much came back into the P&L this year. So, the 15% that’s paying incentives that will bounce back next year. So, that’s whatever the math is, $7 million, $7.5 million, the balance of it, the 45% that’s discretion and 40% is headcount, we control those. And it depends on how the market is performing and the investments that we want to make in the business. But our sort of goal of having 30% incremental margins is plus or minus what our target will be for next year. So, previously, our guide was $115 million with a lot more tied to paying incentives, I think that risk is now off the table for next year. It comes with it bouncing back on us in a meaningful way.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, good morning. Can you just dive into some of the commercial end-market performance to give us a little more detail?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we have caught it up somewhat out on the call. We have seen national accounts sell more than our local and regional business and that’s what we would have expected just the way the market behaves that the planned replacement gets deferred as people sort through things. And so our planned replacement was down mid 20s versus a year ago, but in Q2 it was down over 40%. So the trend line on playing replacements going the right direction. And when you look at our order and backlog playing replacement as many companies are getting more comfortable in the current environment and some of our large customers are people like Home Depot, Lowe’s, BestBuy, who are doing pretty well, are getting more comfortable spending. Emergency replacement was down 10%ish in the quarter after being down 35% in the second quarter, so again heading the right direction. And then new construction is the one that goes the other way, because new construction of things that were in flights continue to be built, but that new business starts to go down and we saw that down near 30% in third quarter after only being down mid-teens in second quarter. And then as we mentioned on the call the order, excuse me, the backlog is down mid-teens and so the backlog is heading in the right direction. But when we think about the full year, we still think the markets will be down 20%, the one silver lining in all that is the comp gets a lot easier next year. And so when we think about 2021 sort of which the way the world looks now that we would expect that the commercial market, commercial unitary market would be up after such a hard hit 2020. And when you look back on history of the commercial unitary market whether it’s the 911 downturn or the financial crisis downturn, goes down hard comes back quickly.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, that’s helpful. And then secondly, you mentioned commercial IAQ initiatives, can you just talk about how big that business is today and then what is your outlook for the coming quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, we tend not to quantify the market. And again, I think you heard in a way I talked about it, we think about it as a facilitator to win the equipment business. And our Build Better Air initiative is leveraging off our store capabilities in indoor air quality and our relationships with the building owner. And we are an industry leader in indoor air quality in both residential and commercial markets as we have talked about indoor air quality as air purification, like builders and UV lights, ventilation and circulation and humidity control. Our residential pure air equipment is the best in the industry, as noted by consumer reports and then we talked about building better air and our advantages and our opportunities there.
Ryan Merkel: Great, thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Jeff.
Todd Bluedorn: I just want to point out before your actual question that so many things changing in 2020, I personally have great comfort that the Pittsburgh Cleveland remains consistent over the decades.
Jeff Hammond: I knew that was coming.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Can you just talk about your distribution based business versus direct sales in the quarter and then just talk about how you think inventories are in your channel and at independent and maybe speak to how the channel is thinking about furnace distribution build versus maybe how they managed the cooling side?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The performances of the businesses were relatively consistent. They were both up plus or minus 13%. So, there wasn’t one that outperformed the other. And then I read to note and I thought you raised valid questions around the AHRI numbers versus the HARDI numbers one being sell out, one being sell in and we take great comfort that our Lennox business performs very similar to our allied business, i.e., the sell-through or the sellout of our Lennox business directly to dealers to sell, the 13%, 14%, whatever the exact number was that and so that’s a good sign for our Lennox business. Our allied business also did well. I think the direct question – answer to your question is inventories that are low right now, which is normal coming out of such a hot summer. And then what happens is there is [indiscernible] of short memories or however you want to phrase that of dealers. And so they had trouble getting cooling product in the summer, which many did because our competitors had trouble delivering. Then they want to make sure their bars are full with furnaces and so we see that right now as people are loading up on furnaces.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on refrigeration, I think you said backlog was up maybe what’s differentiating the order trend there? And then I think you mentioned COVID disruption there, what’s unique about the facilities there versus the other businesses?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we got it both in our European business and in our Tifton, Georgia business. If you look at Tifton, Georgia on a map, it was in one of the hardest hit areas for COVID in the country. And so that has some impact on our businesses and so absenteeism and then actually, having had the factories shutdown for a bit in both locations impacted our productivity. When you look at the backlog of commercial, as you know we are more exposed to retail there than we are in refrigeration and that’s been a softer spot and then also in refrigeration, cold storage is one of our largest verticals and that’s been relatively strong given that people are building up a cold chain to support different consumer buying habits and buying food at home and also maybe a bit of preparing for the vaccine. And so we have seen strength in cold storage and that’s helped us.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks for the color.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next go to the line for Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, good morning.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, Todd. Maybe just commenting a little bit on the resi HVAC monthly trend, obviously, you guys have told us what July was up I am just curious how the rest of the quarter went? And then as you are switching over to furnace, I am just curious whether you think there are any issues that may occur, just given how strong HVAC has been just from a manufacturing perspective, I am just wondering if there is any kind of like picking the Python type problem as you try to deliver on furnace sales?
Todd Bluedorn: The trend line during the months July and August were up mid-teens as I talked about on the second quarter earnings call we saw in July and then September was up significantly, but up more low double-digits, high single-digits as sort of got away from hot summer selling season. We are positioned as well or better than anyone in the industry to meet both cooling demand and furnace demand. So, we think we are in good shape. I think some of our competitors may have issues. And again, I think it gets more pronounced as if you have independent distributors trying to get large orders from you all at once and maybe our competitors are seeing some of that, but we think we are in good position as well or better than anyone in the industry to meet the upcoming furnaces.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, great. And then my one follow-on as you think about 2021 and I know it’s probably a little too early, but I am just trying to think about how to think about the price costs dynamics in resi, you saw copper is up a lot, but you mentioned getting good price mix this quarter on the resi is back. So, any comments on just the dynamics heading into 2021 just given the increase we have seen in commodity costs?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I will broaden the question and just sort of talk a little bit about 2021 more broadly, obviously lots of moving pieces. There is always uncertainty in October when you are thinking about the following year, but maybe as much now as ever. And I talked a little bit about the end-markets earlier I repeat that we walk out or almost out 2020 with a clear understanding of the resiliency of the residential market and again it’s demand that’s being caused by the home failing and remodel all that we think there is another couple of years of that. So, we think mid single-digits next year for residential and new constructions remains strong. For commercial and refrigeration, as I talked earlier, more uncertainty there, but after being down 25% – 20% this year, we would expect some rebound in 2021. Directly to your question is we do expect some commodity headwind for next year, but I would also just mention, we have always historically said commodities that matter most to us are steel, copper, aluminum in that order. With all the work we have done on moving to aluminum and our heat exchangers across our business, it’s now steel, aluminum and copper that’s most important to us. And so while copper still matters, it matters significantly less than it did 4 or 5 years ago and aluminum I think is behaving more, nicely if you will, sound like the President with that terminology, but has behaved better. And so we expect some commodity headwind, we expect some freight headwind at the current point of time although that still has to be shaken out. And then if we talk about, we would expect a little bit of compensation bounce back given the takeout a reduction this year. But as always, we are going to be announcing a price increase here shortly. And we expect to get price next year just like we do every year. We are going to benefit from sourcing and engineering cost reductions. We talked about raising that number from $20 million to $25 million this year. And so that’s order of magnitude that we have done for the last decade $20 million to $30 million depending on the year. Factory productivity after not really having much of any factory productivity issue, because of all the disruptions because of COVID, we will get back on track there. And then as always, our target of 0.5 point of market share gain. So I know I haven’t quantified a lot of those, but it’s to send a signal that we think the setup for next year will be not dissimilar to the setup of prior years, where we have markets saw share gain, priced offset commodities and then continued productivity and material costs and factory productivity.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning
John Walsh: Maybe just a finer question on that commodity discussion we just had there, you took commodities and the sourcings combined up $10 million relative to where we were in Q3. Just how much of that falls through in Q4 versus how much has been realized kind of the year-to-date?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not sure to be honest with you, John. Maybe we can sort of guide that I think that the commodities, I think people are scrambling diligently to sort of find, I think the commodities can’t tamper down as we go through the year, where the material cost reduction starts, continues to increase as we go through the year. So, if I had to guess I would say commodities are around $20 million, $22 million year-to-date and then MCR, I think the raise is just confidence that we will continue to execute for the balance of the year.
John Walsh: Great, thank you for that. And then just I guess maybe you talked a little bit about 2021 just kind of to two questions on my mind. I mean, you just talked about your normal kind of market share gains. But as I understand it, one of your competitors, right, had factory disruption and so they might have not been able to fulfill orders and that arguably comes back online next year. So, does that make it harder to get that kind of normal market share gain that Lennox has been getting? And then maybe just on this replacement pull-forward question, I guess it depends on how you think we look from a work-from-home benefit next year, but wouldn’t because we were sheltering we would see more breakage this summer that needed replacement arguably that pulled from ‘21 into ‘22 or is that just not the right way to think about it? We would just like to get your perspective there.
Todd Bluedorn: I will answer the second question first and not as you, John, have heard others talk about that. I don’t think that’s how it works. And what I mean by that is I don’t think people set their thermostats to 85 when they go to work and then when they come home, they set it to 68. That I think the majority of people don’t even set their thermostats on a timer, it just sort of remains constant over time. And then I think people raise it, maybe to 78, 80 when they are gone and then 75 when they get back. So I don’t – in terms of usage that doesn’t drive a spike up where units all of a sudden have huge acceleration of use of breakage. And so I just step back and say the market is flat year-over-year in 2020, that doesn’t show pull forward to me, it’s flat and a hot summer. So, the market is flat and hot summer that doesn’t show pull forward to me that shows people were hesitant to spend money unless they had to, but when the unit breaks, they replace the unit rather than repaired it. I don’t think there is – I don’t think anything was pulled forward, because people were at home. Remind me what the first question was?
John Walsh: Just on the ability to kind of get your normal market share gains, I mean, I know its end of April right?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, one give me personal privilege to just sort of observe that when we lost because of tornado everyone assumed we would never get it back and now that we have taken it from others, there is an assumption that maybe we won’t be able to hang on to it. I think a couple of things. I think haven’t been on the other end of it, we were cognizant the constrained supply environment to supply the dealers who we thought we had the best chance of keeping business to sellers. We weren’t selling arms to anybody. We were selling arms to our units to those dealers who we thought we had. We are already sort of in the conversations with and converting over and those are the ones we sold to. So, we may – we are not hang-on to all that we get, but we are going to hang on to a lot of it, a whole lot of it. And then we are also on the attack to gain more share. So, I remain confident that we will – we are gaining significant share this year and I am confident we will gain share.
John Walsh: Great. Thank you. That’s really helpful color.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Operator: And next from the one line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Hi. Good morning all.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Deepa.
Deepa Raghavan: Todd, can you provide your thoughts on when you think you can resume share buybacks? Looks like you are starting to loosen up on some of the variable costs and getting comfortable given your strong cash outlook. So, will it be normal for us to assume buybacks return in 2021?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I will be more direct put it in your model. We are not going to start it up here in fourth quarter getting some of the uncertainty, but when we give the December guide for 2021, we will be back to a more normal stock repurchase program for 2021.
Deepa Raghavan: Great, thanks. Can you – how do we think about normal volume-driven leverage in 2021? I mean, you have – you are going to have all these costs in and out rollbacks more seems like more headwinds. I don’t know if price gets that much more incrementally better. So, should I think about your volume-driven leverage to be slightly below trend or should all those dynamics not impact just given that you probably should be able to price for them or take costs elsewhere?
Todd Bluedorn: Our variable gross margin is around 40%. So volume drops through it sort of a normal 40% either direction and then obviously in a year, where we are spending SG&A and doing other things then the incrementals, goes down. And so that, that’s how we end up with the 30% incremental that we are making investments into business building out distribution, driving productivity, but the third normal volume leverage is about 40%.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Thank you very much, Todd.
Operator: And next, we will go to Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks. Good morning and great results.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: I had a couple of questions. First, I was wondering if you could maybe frame the magnitude of the pricing opportunity for resi. You mentioned you are going to announce some price increases, just should ‘21 be a better net realization year than normal, any framework for that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean I am going with hope what we will announce will be what we always announce publicly for the second quarter what the final number is going to be. So, we will announce price, but yes, I do think there is when we expect the market to be up after having been constrained the year before. That sort of leads you to believe you can get price in the marketplace as we spoke about when we are having challenge meeting demand as we did – as the whole industry did in 2020 wasn’t really the right time to raise price dynamically the middle of a season. When we go into next year, we will be looking to raise price and for a couple of reasons. One, we talked about commodities. COVID has added cost to our cost structure. We talked a little bit about what happened in our refrigeration margins because of it, but quite frankly, it’s impacting the entire business both on the SG&A side and we think we have to do to manage suppliers and manage our own business, absenteeism in our factories and then we think rate is going to be up. So, those are all reasons on why we are going to need to pass price on and I think our – in fact, I know our competitors see the same for us.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks. That makes sense. And also could you just expand upon the IAQ opportunity level of engagement with customers does it drive like a much bigger revenue cycle, anything you can talk about that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean – I maybe – I don’t know what the right phrase is, maybe more clear-eyed on IAQ. I don’t think its billions and billions and billions of dollars of opportunity at least in unitary, where we play and in residential. I think if you are showing $5,000 residential units, your indoor air quality component is $400 or $500. On commercial, it’s maybe less of a percentage. So, I don’t think it drives the overall ticket. I think what happens is you have to have knowledge and expertise in it for those customers who want it and you want to steer customers who wanted to be able to handle their questions. And so, commercial customers have Build Better Air, sit down with them, talk about what we have and we have everything, and then put it in place and then use our NAS, our national account service to measure and monitor the compliance. In our residential business, it’s our PureAir S, which has both passive filters and active UV lights that allows us to clean air and then also it’s digitized, so those part of our iComfort controller. You can measure and monitor what’s going on. And so I think it’s being an expert in the area that allows you to win the jobs and convert dealers and that’s where we are focused on.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you very much, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase : Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: We covered a lot of ground here. But I guess on the free cash flow guidance, it doesn’t really embed a whole lot of free cash flow in the four quarter. I am getting to something a little bit more than $30 million. So, just thoughts on – I am guessing that working capital is kind of the biggest swing factor there. So, any thoughts that you have about what we should expect for 4Q?
Todd Bluedorn: That’s the answer. I know the sequence of the quarter is different this year. By the way, they are going to be different next year and we will talk about that in December. But we are typically at this point in time driving down production levels and burning off inventory. But given the hot summer selling season and given that we expected the markets to be down, while we saw summer selling season was a burn off of inventory, burn off of receivables, payables and then what we see in Q4 is on a year-over-year basis the inflation of inventory and working capital. And so that’s why you see – we typically have the big cash quarter, fourth quarter. This year, we had the big cash quarter in third quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, totally makes sense. Got it. And then just one more on refrigeration, so I think you characterized you quantified a bit of what’s going on with order and backlog within commercial, could you just provide some detail around what you are seeing in refrigeration, Todd?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, our backlog is up year-over-year, right now where we stand, and the order rates on a 3, 6, 9-week basis are all up in refrigeration. So, the trend lines are good. I think it’s both. In our North America business, there is distribution business where we sell through – about half of its distribution business we sell through large refrigeration wholesalers and that has bounced back from being down significantly in second quarter. And then the other business is project business or our cold storage. And that, as I mentioned earlier, has been relatively strong. Our Europe business has been strong. But we are a little, obviously, a little over-concerned about COVID and lockdowns in France and Spain and what the trend line is there. But again, on – for the last 3 or 4 months, our business in Europe are at the order rates and also trending the right direction.
Nicole DeBlase: And what – have you actually seen any slowdown in Europe or is that just reading the headlines and being concerned about what could materialize?
Todd Bluedorn: We are starting to see things slow down.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Okay, thanks. I will pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we will go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Obviously, residential margins were exceptionally strong ex the prior year insurance benefit. I am just curious, can you – you think if volumes remain sort of high-single digit, low-double digits in the 4Q and maybe even ‘21, you can maintain above 40% incremental margins? And then within your commentary on the margins, I think you mentioned sourcing commodities actually now more the benefit than you expected last quarter. Is that mainly volume-related? And then, I am just surprised that freight isn’t turning into a – it’s more of a headwind. Can you just maybe just address what you are seeing on freight utilization?
Todd Bluedorn: Freight remains tailwind this year, and part of that we were aggressive on – we are managing freight like we have managed over the last year or two, we have invested in Freight management like we did in NCR 15 years ago. And so, we have a pretty sophisticated team. We now have the tools to measure it. And so, I think part of it’s just productivity on our side, regardless of what’s happening with the overall rate, and we expect to be a tailwind this year and a bit of a headwind next year. In terms of residential margins, I think you sort of see a peak out in the current environment, where we had volume, we had done aggressive SG&A cost reduction and we had invested in stores because of the tornado. I think on an ongoing basis, since residentials 60% of our business, we talk about 30% incrementals. I think that’s plus or minus what you should think about residential. I don’t think it remains 40%, because we are investing in SG&A. We are investing in stores and we will start to back up in 2021. And so, we will have the investment headwind, if you will, that feeds the engine on an ongoing basis. And then was there another question? Did I miss anything?
Nigel Coe: I think actually you covered that one. Just wanted to touch back on the buyback comments, you mentioned ‘21 would be obviously a more normal year on buybacks. I think normal for you, Todd, would be 350 to 400 would be sort of the run rate. Is there any catch-up from the ‘20 air pocket on buybacks, or are we back to the $350 million, $400 million?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the way to think about it is and you can run the model on your own, right, is we don’t want debt-to-EBITDA to go above 2, that’s sort of our peg point. And so, we will invest in the business with CapEx, we will do acquisitions, but we don’t. And then what’s left, we will pay dividends and share buyback. And so, I think you model all of that and I think we start to peg what we do. I don’t think this year we will do $600 million or $700 million, if that’s a direct question. But there maybe we do a little bit more, but it’s all going to come down to that formula.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our final question will be from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, how is it going?
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Steve. Good.
Steve Tusa: On tax rate, what’s kind of the go forward you guys – is this kind of 19% to 20% the right number, and have you guys kind of evaluated? Does that kind of revert if there is – I know you like to talk politics, if that – if there is a blue wave or buy-in, does that revert to a certain level, maybe not back to where it was, but what’s kind of the long-term view on the tax rate?
Todd Bluedorn: As Joe mentioned in the script, we – for ‘21, we think tax rate is going to be 20% to 21%, so it goes back to more normal rate as we got it this year. We had some discrete items this year that allowed us to take it down. But 20%, 21% is what we are seeing next year. And then beyond that, who knows. But we will react whatever is done and we will adjust accordingly.
Steve Tusa: Just going back to this kind of resi cycle discussion, so are you saying this year was kind of ended up being a normal year despite the pandemic, so there wasn’t really a push or pull in and out of this year? And I know you guys had had that housing echo boom chart out there, we are kind of a couple of years into that chart. So, are we still thinking that that’s the swing factor in this cycle? I mean, housing peaked in 5, 16-year useful life. I mean, is that still the way to think about it that ‘21 from an echo boom perspective is kind of a peak year or is there something that happened this year that kind of changes that profile?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I would answer 2020 this year is we had a warm summer, and we also had a pandemic. And I think broadly they offset each other and we have flat market. So, I think if we didn’t have a pandemic the market would have been up more. And I think if we hadn’t had a hot summer, the market would have been down. And I think – we think the right comment is, when you look at the AHRI numbers, I am doing this from memory, but through August it’s down about 3%. We think from a year-to-date basis, that’s close to flat when it all shakes out.
Steve Tusa: Right.
Todd Bluedorn: So, that’s our call. In terms of the market going forward, yes, I think we have been pretty consistent. I know we disagree, Steve, I know that. But we – when we model it and look at it, we still think we have another couple of years a mid single-digit growth, everything else maybe more. And if it’s a hot summer, maybe better; cold summer will do worst.
Steve Tusa: Is that echo boom analysis still in play or is there something else driving it?
Todd Bluedorn: No, it’s still in play.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last…
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think the pandemic pulled anything forward. If people are sort of saying there is another couple of years but it all got pulled in this year, I would say – no way, because it’s flat market. Hot summer doesn’t make any sense.
Steve Tusa: Right, absolutely. And then just one last one on free cash flow, you have bounced around a bit here in the last couple of years, what is kind of the normalized conversion rate for you guys? And again, just to reaffirm, that’s on a GAAP basis when you talk about conversion, right?
Todd Bluedorn: It is. I read a note, it said 90%. I think if you look at a longer horizon, it’s closer to a 100%, and that’s our number, 100%. And this year we are having strong cash flow and that’s obviously because – one, we performed EBIT wise, but obviously if you deflate working capital, you generate cash net. So, we did. And so, in the years where we were inflated working capital, we have more headwind in years where we were building Mexico, we have headwind and then tornado, so lots of moving pieces. But over a longer perspective, it’s a business that will generate 100% of net income.
Steve Tusa: Yes, I think [indiscernible] was talking about adjusted, to be clear, so that would be more close to 100% if it’s on a GAAP basis, so just to be clear on that one. Alright, cool. Thanks a lot, guys. I appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. Thanks, everyone. To wrap up, the residential market remained strong entering the fourth quarter and commercial and refrigeration markets continued to improve. The Lennox team is executing well and taking advantage of market opportunities and share gains. We look forward to closing 2020 strong with momentum into 2021. And again, thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-20 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2020. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the outlook, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and guidance. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site and available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start with a quick overview on the second quarter that was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and then discuss the updated outlook for 2020, in which we’re raising guidance for revenue and earnings for the year. For the second quarter, company revenue was $941 million, down 14%. GAAP operating income was $136 million, down 36%, and GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $2.62, down 7%. The second quarter last year included an insurance benefit of $26 million and a pension settlement charge of $61 million. Total segment profit was $153 million, down 24% from the prior year quarter that included an $18 million insurance benefit. From an operational perspective excluding the insurance benefit, total segment profit was down 17%. Total segment margin for the second quarter was 16.3%, down 210 basis points as reported and down 50 basis points from an operational perspective. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $2.97, down 21% as reported and down 12% from an operational perspective. And our Residential segment in the second quarter revenue was down 6%; revenue from replacement business is now high single digits; revenue from new construction was down low single digits. Residential segment profit was $127 million, down 17% as reported and down 6% on an operational basis excluding the $18 million insurance benefit in the second quarter a year-ago. Segment margin was 19.7% in the second quarter, down 260 basis points as reported and up 10 basis points on an operational basis. Our Residential business improved each month through the quarter and was up 7% in June as the economy continued to reopen and weather heated up for the summer. Cooling degree days for the second quarter overall were up 4% from the prior year quarter. For the month of June, cooling degree days were up 12% from last year. The hot weather has continued month to date in July and we're seeing strong Residential growth on excellent operational execution by the team to capitalize on market opportunities. Turning to our commercial-facing businesses, they're more heavily impacted from the pandemic as we expected. On the Commercial business segment, revenue was down 28%, segment profit was down 34%, and segment margin contracted 170 basis points to 18.9%. National account revenue was down approximately 40% and regional and local revenue was down approximately 20%. Breaking down the revenue another way; replacement was down 35%, and new constructions down nearly 20%. On the service side, Lennox National Account Service revenue was down about 20%, VRF revenue was up low single digits. While overall commercial equipment was down 30% in the second quarter, we're seeing signs of relative improvement in the business with commercial equipment backlog currently down 20% year-over-year. Commercial continues to win new business and position for future growth. Commercial won 15 new national account customers in the first half, including 6 in the second quarter. Turning to our Refrigeration business segment. Revenue was down broadly across our businesses in North America and Europe, declined 26% at constant currency. Segment profit was down 53%, and segment margin contracted 460 basis points to 8.2%.North America revenue was down more than 20% and Europe revenue was down about 30%. As in our Commercial business, we are seeing signs of relative improvement in refrigeration as well. Backlog is down approximately 20% year-over-year. Overall for the company for the second half of the year, we continue to face highly uncertain market conditions. Our stock repurchase program remains on hold, currently given the high uncertainty. But we continue to be encouraged by the performance of Residential business and relative improvement in the Commercial and Refrigeration businesses. We continue to maintain a strong balance sheet and expect a strong year of cash flow generation. We continue to target $340 million of free cash flow for 2020. The company has executed well on its $115 million of in-year SG&A savings for 2020, and we manage decremental EBIT margin of 20% on an operational basis in the second quarter. We are raising our financial guidance for 2020 and now expect adjusted revenue to be down 10% to 15% and adjusted EPS from continuing operations within a range of $7.90 to $8.70. As I turn it over to Joe, I will just mention that Lennox has a seasoned team with experience managing through economic downturns, while continuing to invest and advance the company's position. All of us are focused on capitalizing on market opportunities and share gains. Now over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $645 million, down 6%. Volume was down 8% and price and mix combined was up 2%, and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $127 million, down 17% as reported. Segment margin was 19.7%, down 260 basis points as reported. Segment profit was negatively impacted by the year-over-year difference in the insurance benefit, higher warranty expense and the COVID-19 pandemic that led to lower volume to factory inefficiencies. Partial offsets included, favorable price and mix, lower material, freight and distribution costs and lower SG&A expense. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was $188 million, down 28%. Volume was down 27%, price and mix combined was down 1%, with price up and mix down. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $36 million, down 34%. Segment margin contracted 170 basis points to 18.9%. Segment profit was negatively impacted by unfavorable mix, higher warranty expense and the COVID-19 pandemic that led to lower volume. Partial offsets included lower material, freight and distribution costs and lower SG&A expense. In Refrigeration, second quarter revenue was $108 million, down 27%. Volume was down 27%, price and mix combined was up 1% and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $9 million, down 53%. Segment margin was 8.2%, down 460 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher warranty expense and the COVID-19 pandemic that led to lower volume and factory inefficiencies. Partial offsets included lower material, freight and distribution costs, lower SG&A expense and favorable foreign exchange. Regarding special items in the second quarter, the company had net after tax charges totaling $13.4 million. This included $7.9 million for the restructuring activities, $2.6 million for personal protective equipment and facility deep cleaning expense incurred due to the pandemic, and net $2.9 million in charges for various other items. Corporate expenses were $19 million in the second quarter, down 22% from the prior year quarter. Overall, SG&A was $130 million, down 15% from the prior year quarter. In the second quarter, the company generated $105 million of cash from operations compared to $30 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures were $19 million compared to $16 million in the prior year quarter that also had approximately $6 million of proceeds from insurance. free cash flow was approximately $87 million in the -- up in the quarter compared to $20 million in the prior year quarter. The company paid approximately $30 million in dividends in the quarter. Total debt was $1.39 billion at the end of the second quarter, and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.4. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $49 million at the end of June. Now, before I turn it over to Q&A, I will review our current market assumptions and guidance points for 2020. For the industry, overall, we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be down mid-teens. We expect both commercial unitary shipments and refrigeration shipments to be down 25% for the industry. Looking at the company's performance in the first half of the year and the outlook for the second half, we are raising 2020 revenue guidance from a range of down 11% to 17% to a new range of down 10% to 15%. We are raising 2020 guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations from a range of $7.07 to $8.07 to a new range of $7.31 to $8.11 for the year. We are raising 2020 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $7.50 to $8.50 to a new range of $7.90 to $8.70 for the year. The various puts and takes in our financial guidance for 2020 remain unchanged. We continue to expect a benefit of approximately $25 million in net price for the year. We still expect a $20 million benefit from sourcing and engineering lead cost reductions. Residential factory productivity is still expected to be a $10 million headwind. Residential mix is still expected to be flat, and we still expect tariffs to be neutral. Commodities are expected to be a $20 million benefit this year, and we continue to expect freight to be a $10 million benefit. Now, a few other points to mention in our financial outlook. Corporate expenses are still targeted to be $75 million. And as we talked about last quarter, we have taken $115 million of SG&A cost reduction actions in total to benefit the second, third and fourth quarters of this year. Net interest expense and other expense guidance remains approximately $40 million. And we still expect an effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22% on an adjusted basis for the full year. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full-year to be between 38 million to 39 million shares. We repurchased $100 million of stock in the first quarter and the $400 million plan going into this year. Our stock repurchase plans currently remain on hold. We continue to target capital expenditures of $120 million this year. And our guidance for free cash flow remains approximately $340 million for the year. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Maybe just the first question on the revenue outlook. So it looks like your guidance on revenue implies the second half is down mid-teens year-on-year, so similar to the Q2 decline. But you seem to have better momentum in Residential. And you even talked about stabilization in the other two divisions. So maybe just help us understand that second half revenue outlook.
Todd Bluedorn: I'll be very clear. So I won't dance around the question. If the market environment remains like it is today, we're going to do better than the midpoint of our guide. The concern that we have is that there's a lot of moving pieces, both medically with the pandemic and the impact that it has on end markets. And so we baked that into our guide, but if you've been asked a question, I'll answer a question in July, our Residential business was up mid-teen. So we have strength in July. And if things stay the way it is, we're going to do better than the guide, but the concern is a changing world and a changing marketplace, and that’s reflected in the guide.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then just secondly on the profit margins. Maybe clarify if you can, how much of that $115 million of SG&A cost out is still left to be booked in the P&L in the second half? And also clarify the decremental margin, I realize there's different categories of it, but I think if you take the adjusted number of 20% in Q2, are we right in thinking that the second half you're assuming that's around the mid-teens number at the midpoint of guidance?
Todd Bluedorn: I will answer the last part first, yes, you're right to assume that second half of the year it's mid to high teens is the adjusted number of decrementals at the current guide. On the first part of the question, as we -- as we think about the $115 million this way, we implemented May 1 the vast -- or all the cost reductions were implemented by May 1, and the salary reductions were implemented effective May 1. And so I would think about May and June sort of full run rate savings for the $115 million and then third, fourth -- third and fourth quarter will be all three months will be run rate of the saving.
Julian Mitchell: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff. I want to start with your headline in your note of weather beats COVID was the best headline I’ve seen in a while. I enjoyed it.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. I give my associate credit for that. So just we -- in our checks, we picked up a lot about supply chain. I know some facilities, not yours were shut down in Mexico. And I think your inventories on your balance sheet are low. Can you just speak to -- it seems like certainly Residential coming in better and just your ability to kind of manage inventory, manage demand, get the right product to your dealers.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we did a really good job in second quarter. And there's a continual triage going on, I think across corporate America, certainly within our industry and certainly within our company, almost a whack-a-mole is another analogy, but our team and suppliers have done a great job through this. Our supply chain is flowing and our manufacturing plants are all up and running and we're focusing on meeting the demand in the market. I think we're as good or better positioned than anyone in the industry as we flow through the balance of the year.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on Commercial, I think you said some signs of stabilization what's getting better is that just work stoppages abating, or are you seeing kind of better -- where are you seeing better trends ultimately?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me go a little bit into detail on the questions, Jeff. When I think -- we think about the commercial unitary business North America, really think about it in three parts. About 40% of the market is planned replacement. That's primarily for national accounts. We expected a quick decline in that and we saw that in April, May orders were down 40%, 50%. But they picked up and are stronger in June, so that the clients may be half of that at this point. 20% of the market is new construction and commercial new construction didn't drop as quickly as what we saw in the planned replacement, because planned replacement is discretionary, people can make the decision right away. New construction projects are ongoing. So we didn't see that drop early, but we're now starting to see that drop. And 40% is emergency replacement or flow business sort of like the residential business. It's slowed down, but not at all like national accounts that’s been more in the 15 -- down 15%, 20% during the process. So, that's a lot of words, but I think the answer to your question is where we've seen improvement has been planned replacement national accounts where we have an outside position. As I mentioned in the script, while revenue was down 30% in Q2, our backlog is down about 20%.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: Couple of questions. First, I was wondering any discernible trend on mix in resi? Are you seeing a mix down or because mix held up pretty well in July and …
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, the mix in the Residential business was up slightly in the second quarter. We're still guiding for it to be flat year-over-year. There's lots of moving pieces on mix in any given quarter, but I think one strength is our Lennox branded product performed better than our ally branded product, and at the gross margin level it has higher margins.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. So you're not seeing a mix. And then secondly, just competitively, have you seen any change in behavior from your principal competitors in the U.S on the resi side?
Todd Bluedorn: No change in behaviors. That's a specific question about Trane and Carrier that's often asked. I mean, I don't think it's a secret and certainly not a secret in the industry that Goodman's had some production issues, and that's opened up some opportunities for us and others in the industry to sort of pick up some of the business that Goodman hasn't been able to meet.
Gautam Khanna: And lastly, just pricing. I mean, obviously you're getting a little bit of price mix hasn't been worse. So any potential to actually raise prices in this environment, or is it not supportive of that type of dynamic?
Todd Bluedorn: The pricing is more as you go into the season, you put a price in place and we have a price in place. And again, we have long standing relationships with these customers, with these customers, with these dealers. And sort of in a hot summer to raise prices, you really don't want to do that. So I think we are going to get the price that we committed to and the markets help and support that with the demand.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you. Nice results.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. New construction pretty, I mean, strong, just given results especially in Residential. Curious how you're thinking about new construction trends for rest of the year? This is residential question. And would that be -- would that pays better than replacement?
Todd Bluedorn: Our best guess is that it won't stay better than replacement. I think new construction, although it's been very resilient and low interest rates are helping. Our best guess is second half of the year that tails off and add on or replacement which has -- which was increasing sequentially stronger April, May and June continues to hang in there. And so we expect new construction to tail off. Another thing that I just want to weave into the conversation around some of our confidence about add on or replacement is, if you remember, Deepa and others on the call, during the great financial crisis, the canary in the coal mine in our industry was parts sales started to grow very quickly and that was an indicator that people were repairing rather than replacing. We haven't seen that yet. So what we saw in the second quarter was that for our Lennox business, our residential replacement was down low single digits, while parts were down high single digits. And for -- just for the month of June in our Lennox business, our residential replacement was up mid-teens and parts and supplies were up 1%. So we're not seeing anything like we saw during the financial crisis. And to me that's an indication that our replacements hanging in there and I would expect new construction to slow down.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Thanks for the color. My follow-up is on cost actions. The last time we spoke about cost actions, because some of them are temporary mostly on the salary front. Just given how Residential trends have outpaced expectations in Q2 and how July is trending strong. I understand the uncertainty ahead, but how are you thinking about the timeline of rolling back some of those temporary measures, and does your guide range to assume any rollback, at least at the better end of it?
Joe Reitmeier: Our guide range assumes our perspective on how the balance of the year is going to play out. And I understand that sounds like a political answer. So, yes, it encompasses our best guess of things coming back. In terms of the $115 million coming back, about 40% of the $115 million were what we call pay temporary salary reductions, STI [ph] or short-term incentive that sort of thing. And as we do better in 2020, especially second half of the year, I can imagine someone that would come back, but that's all encompassed by our guide. So there won't be bad news that we give you later because we decided to pull some of it back.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: And next we go to line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey, Todd, just my first question, there's a lot -- there's been a lot of commentary around the length of the resi replacement cycle and how far we are into that specific cycle. Do you think that the kind of changes is working from home dynamic, potentially taxing, HVAC systems actually changes the trajectory of that cycle? Just love -- we'd love any color around that.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it could. I don't -- the honest answer is, I don't know. But when you think about it, I think about people working at home, it becomes their Island, it becomes their life, perhaps if you will, and the desire to sort of invest in it and protect it. Now, I think that's in a world where unemployment doesn't go back up to 20% and that people have money to spend. But certainly the repair versus replace dynamic I talked about earlier supports that answer, that things have changed. I also think as we said for a while, it's an inexact science and some -- not you, Joe, the -- any work Goldman does is spot on, but other sell-side models have attempted to sort of guess how this is going to work. There's some false precision. I'm not sure anyone would have guessed that with degree cooling days up 4% that we would see this kind of performance in the face of COVID including us. And so I think the market is pretty resilient.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, good to hear. And I guess just the second question, just thinking about the Commercial business, appreciate the breakdown that you guys gave us. So when you kind of think about this opportunity for like the potential service tail that come back quicker, and I know that we're in a bit of a difficult time right now with the surging continuing in the U.S., but how are you thinking about the -- just like the service tail to that business specifically for you guys and your ability to get onsite access to do -- to repairs and service on your commercial equipment?
Todd Bluedorn: We have access. We have access today. Our North American -- NAS, our North America service business were up and running. We never shut down. We are an essential business. ON the product that we sell through our distributor, through our dealers, they are essential businesses, that are onsite. They're working. And so the service revenue were down and in second quarter we expect it to be flat, maybe even up second half of the year. And then on -- I talked a little bit about planned replacement that goes down steep, and I think it comes back steep too. So when it comes back, it comes back quickly. I think you have to have a bit more of a green light than what we have now, although, as I mentioned it's gone -- the order rate is gone from being down 40%, 50% in April, May time to half of that now. So it's not healthy, but it's certainly better than it was a couple of months ago.
Joe Ritchie: Great. I'll get back in queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
John Walsh: Good morning, John.
John Walsh: I guess just a question about the strength of the exit rates you're seeing and trying to understand if any of that, or if you can quantify how much of that is kind of from contractors, maybe not getting into a house, as we were kind of more at the peak of COVID in those kind of April and May months. Is some of this a catch up of that, or do you think -- we're at -- these exit rates are something we can kind of roll forward?
Todd Bluedorn: You broke up a little bit on the beginning of the question. So can you restate it for me, John?
John Walsh: Oh, sorry. I was just thinking about if some of the strength in the exit rates you're seeing is kind of a catch up from when contractors couldn't get into people's homes to do kind of replaced regular maintenance?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don't think so. I think when we talk [technical difficulty] when we talked to our contractors, I mean, they've had access to the entire time. I think it has to do with the hot June. And so degree cooling days going up 4% for the quarter were up -- I'm looking at my notes to make sure I have the right number.
Joe Reitmeier: 12%.
Todd Bluedorn: We are up 12% …
Joe Reitmeier: For June.
Todd Bluedorn: … in June. So that warm weather helped us in June. I think the other thing that we're going to have to see is, we think we can share in the second quarter. In fact, I know we gained share in the second quarter because I see the industry data, and we had mentioned exiting 2019 that we had regained business with 80% of our contractors that have -- and dealers that have been impacted by the tornado and we're now seeing that flow through in our volumes. We also -- as I mentioned in the first quarter call in the last fourth quarter call, that we are focused on new business and we had a significant backlog of additional new business coming into the year. And we're seeing the benefits from that. And as I mentioned earlier, some of the issues that our competitor or competitors producing products. So I think it's a combination of a repair versus -- replace versus repair, staying in place, some hot weather. But I actually think share gain is one of the largest reasons we have such a strong June and quite frankly, we’ve a very strong July.
John Walsh: Great. Thanks for that. And then, just curious if you're seeing your customers on the resi or the commercial side do more add-ons around indoor air quality. I don't know if that rolls into the mix piece, but just trying to see if there -- they might not go higher on the sphere, but they're doing other add-on that you might be able to benefit on as you capture that?
Todd Bluedorn: Indoor air quality scenario, we focused on for years, both in residential and commercial. And when you think about in sort of a bit of a baseline for folks online, John, when we think about indoor air -- well, I think when industry thinks about indoor air quality, it's about air purification, which is filters, HEPA filters and UV lights without ventilation and circulation. And then third is about humidity control. And it's always about balancing bringing in outside air and that's part of the ventilation in that humidity control, and also the capacity, as you bring out the outside air that's untreated. We’re definitely seeing increased interest in IAQ, indoor air quality in both Residential and Commercial. Our Residential pure air equipment is the best in the street. And that's just not our saying that, that's consumer reports and Commercial similar to Residential. We work with our customers to address their solutions. So I think it's important. And I think it's about you have to have the capability to win the customer and serve the customer, but it's not a big enough dollar item, even if people add it to the mix of the equipment to sort of have an outsized impact on sales and margin. I think it's about a binary item that you have to have this capability to be able to talk to your customers and customers and your dealer contractor customers to win business, and we're well positioned to do that.
John Walsh: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Just maybe starting with the free cash flow guidance, just curious why that's not also moving higher as EPS was higher and maybe same topic, any thoughts around working capital, potentially flipping to an inflow in the second half of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we'll still continue to generate cash from working capital in the second half of the year. Given the caution that I identified around the EPS, even a greater caution around cash flow, just historically our ability to forecast it. So, I mean $340 million is our best guess right now, but similar to what I've said on earnings, if the world stays the way it is, we'll do better than $340 million.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. Thanks, Todd. And then second question, just around the potential for dealer inventory restocking. I know that was something that hadn't really happened, obviously because of COVID as it normally does seasonally. Are you starting to see dealers restock inventory? And if not, is that -- and does that create potential for more uplift in 3Q, if that does start to happen?
Todd Bluedorn: We've seen dealers restock in second quarter and hopefully if the weather continues to be hot, and it's a strong July and August, we'll see some more sort of loading on the distributor level, which is our allied business, which does 20% or so of what we do. It's more of an impact of when distributors decide to reload and they put off a broad degree April and May. We start to see them reload and sort of do some buying in June -- significant buying in June. And so I think that's where there's more momentum and sort of replenishing the channel for us. It's on our allied channel on the Lennox side, dealer started buying in May, June.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And next we go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Todd, on the surface, the comps start looking tougher in the back half. I'm just wondering if you could give us a little color as we try to think about Q3 and this really strong result here in July. How the comps for the remainder of the quarter kind of play out, and was July particularly easy this year?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don’t -- I'm doing a little bit from memory, I'll be honest with you, Jeff. I didn't spill up on that exact question. I don't -- July wasn't necessarily easy last year. As I recollect, we had a cool beginning to the summer last year. And so I think May and June, maybe -- might've been easier, but we saw that in degree cooling days and I think July was sort of a normal July for us. And then as I remember fourth quarter, we pitched about warm weather and the impact that it had on our furnace stations. So I think -- I don't think the comps are that dramatically harder. I think that when you look at the reported numbers, the tornado impact was much more pronounced during the first half of year than was second half of the year. But when you sort of adjust for the tornado impact, the comps weren't that much different.
Jeff Sprague: And on the factory inefficiency side, can you give us some sense of what we're talking about? Is that the -- just the $10 million that Joe mentioned, or there's just kind of other, perhaps harder to measure kind of noise, efficient -- inefficiencies going on in the factories?
Joe Reitmeier: The inefficiencies were driven by both traditional absorption, right, which is we don't have the volume, so the fixed costs don't get absorbed. And then there's -- absenteeism is up a bit. As you could expect our factories that are in places like Georgia and Iowa and South Carolina, where there has been COVID and that has impact. I broadly think about it as we entered the year saying we were going to get $10 million of factory productivity, and now we're saying we're going to have $10 million of inefficiencies. So $20 million swing is what I would think about, driven both by volume and by the absenteeism, right.
Jeff Sprague: And then finally what do you need to see to restart the share repurchase? Everything you said here today sounds pretty constructive. Obviously, the future is cloudy, but anything in particular you need to see just another quarter under your belt, how are you thinking about that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the world is still changing quickly. So I think we certainly need another quarter under our belt. We will see how third quarter goes. And I think I've been -- I don't know if I said this on an earnings call, but I certainly have said publicly before. I think the other issue that we have to continue to ensure up is we've asked for shared sacrifice from our employees around pay cuts and zero bonuses. I think we have to start making some of the [indiscernible] before we aggressively make investment in share buyback. I think we've got sort of balanced on how the benefits flow out.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning. We've covered a lot of ground already, Todd. So thinking about -- just take a step back and going back to 2Q and I'm looking at the kind of the cadence month-by-month. I'm not looking for a blow-by-blow count here. But the plus 7 in June, do we need to do any adjustments on sales -- selling days, because I think a lot of companies had to upsell days in June. Any distortions there, or is that plus 7, a good exit rates for 3Q in your view?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the plus 7 is good. That's it.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then on the inventory side, obviously your inventory is …
Todd Bluedorn: [Multiple speakers] I'd say the up mid-teens in July, I know that for a fact is day for day.
Nigel Coe: Right. Exactly. Yes. And then inventory down 10% from 4Q, which is obviously very unusual -- these are unusual times. What needs to happen given -- it seems Residential continues with this mid-teens cadence through 3Q. Do you actually need to raise production levels to kind of restock? I mean -- and then any color you have on where that inventory -- how that looks by business would be helpful? I'm just wondering, your free cash flow guidance, I wonder how much of that's embed some level of inventory kind of rebuild for you. And then any color on income taxes in 3Q? We're seeing some deferrals of income tax payments as well.
Todd Bluedorn: On the inventory build, we started -- I don't know if it's 6 weeks ago, 7 weeks ago, 8 weeks ago, as soon as we started to see the markets and how they were behaving, we ramped up production. So we've already ramped up production to stay ahead of the demand curve. And as I said earlier we're all in the summer when it's hot, you have to work through both the supply chain and inventory levels lay on top of that COVID. So our teams are working hard, but we feel we're in a great position and certainly as good as anyone in the industry to meet demand. And I'm not sure I understood the question on taxes.
Nigel Coe: Yes. With the CARES Act, I think there was a bump down in cash tax payments into July from …
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, it's a bit of a cash bump for us on the timing of the cash. But honestly it's the minimis for us.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, it's a modest benefit for quarter or two, but once again it's a timing issue.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Breindy Goldring: Hi, this is Breindy on for Josh.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey.
Breindy Goldring: I wanted to ask about how the tornado customer reacquisition was going in this current environment? And in terms of the incentives and rebates that -- how that was trending versus the $10 million range that was given in part in December?
Todd Bluedorn: It is tracking as we had hoped and expected and guided that it would. As I mentioned earlier, we think -- in fact, I know we gained share in second quarter, because I've seen the numbers and a big piece of that, as we talked about that we had 80% or so of the tornado impact we had gained back with our customers, we would see it flow through in 2020 and we're seeing that. Then in terms of incentives and benefits that we gave to dealers, that lines up what we committed to do, we're following through. Even in the -- even with a strong market, we're not going to back off those incentives, we are committed to doing them. And so, that's all in line also.
Breindy Goldring: Okay. That's great. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Steve.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa: Todd, that shot at the sell side really hurts. It's just little sensitive these days. So I thought I was on the Watsco call there for a second. But …
Todd Bluedorn: I thought I complimented Jeff Hammond.
Steve Tusa: Yes, yes, you did. But talking about how our -- there is some false precision in our models, which is factually, correct. But I guess there was also some false precision in your models as well because things are playing out better than you had kind of expected when we talked in April. And you did say that if consumer confidence rolls down, you would -- you were concerned about what it would do to the consumer and obviously unprecedented situation that is very hard to call for, I think everybody. What factor do you think is driving this? Obviously, this is very different than '08, '09 when there were negative savings rates and housing was imploding. Is it the fact that people are saving a lot more? Is it the fact that people are running their systems harder, because they're just sitting at home and so if you have a little bit of savings from stimulus checks or whatever it may be, I mean what is kind of the feedback you're getting on why unemployment and why consumer confidence is not rolling through these numbers to a more significant degree?
Todd Bluedorn: I think its several factors and I will be humble in that we're in the throes of this. So it's good news. We're not 100% sure what's driving it, but we're damn happy that it is. And that's the -- boil it to a point, it's about we're not seeing repair versus replace, replace is hanging in there. I think it's a combination, I think, Steve. I think it's -- one, just psychologically, people are in their homes, they're working in their homes and it's all of a sudden, it's more important for them to invest in their nest and that where people could defer things and put it off because they're not at home. I think when you're there all the time, you want it dealt with. I don't think it's because people are running the units that much harder, because when we do studies and have done research even it's always shocking what percentage of people don't have programmable thermostats and even those who have programmable thermostats never set them. So units tend to sort of run steady state to a large degree, plus or minus a few degrees. So I don't think it's that. I also think it's -- we're not all in agreement with this. I continue to yell that this is the reason and our team says they're not sure this is the reason. But I continue to believe that people will not invest in depreciating assets. And so with the height of the financial crisis, when all you read was that your home is worth 30%, 40%, 50% less; the thought of putting in a new unit is something that was less -- work that much less was hard to swallow. I think -- we so far has been -- that hasn't been the case. In fact, it's sort of been the opposite that homes continue to appreciate new construction seems to be strong, demand is high for homes. I think people are willing to invest. So I think those are sort of the things that are happening. I also think there is may be a psychological viewpoint that with COVID, people can tend to see the finish line of when this may end, where the financial crisis, having lived through it, I thought is more nebulous about even what the causes were as you lay them in and when it would all sort its way out. Well here, we can understand it and can see a finish line, we can debate when that finish line is.
Steve Tusa: Right, is -- outside of kind of the whole in April and May, I mean if we look out to kind of next year and a more normalized environment, but one where maybe unemployment is sustainably higher, what -- do we kind of look to next year and say where this wasn't kind of the reset of the cycle perhaps we were expecting that this is kind of back to more kind of normalized fundamentals as people kind of go on living their lives?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know Steve. I mean, again, that's sort of the humble nature of my answer. I think we are going to have to see how this plays out. For example, I mean, if everything goes back to traveling and work a 100% and everything is exactly as it was back at the end of '19, then some of the factors that I talked about are no longer at play. I can imagine a world that might be different.
Steve Tusa: Right. Right.
Todd Bluedorn: You work some more and so I'm not exactly sure how do we set for 2021.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: I think we are happy. And I wasn't taking a shot at your model, I was just making the point that we and you and others maybe had thought the cycle had ended and it is the case maybe not.
Steve Tusa: No, I'm not taking it personally. I speak for all the sell-siders with false precision in our models. Just a second question, just remind us on the $115 million. Any update as to how -- just remind us of what's temporary and what's structural kind of as we look to next year?
Todd Bluedorn: About 20% of $115 million comes from salaries, headcount reductions; about 40% comes from discretionary spending like travel, marketing, incentive trips, sort of things. And about 40% comes from pay actions including executive incentives and salary reductions for -- 6% for the salaried employees, 12% for executives and then 50% for me. The way I think about it is, if pay actions bounce back the other 60% will depend on what's happening in the end market and how we want to respond.
Steve Tusa: Right. A little more kind of variable with what's going on with the volumes.
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Steve Tusa: Okay. All right. Thanks a lot. Thanks for the [indiscernible] color, as always.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Dankert with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Chris Dankert: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I guess first off, any color or additional details as far as kind of how labor markets are impacting growth, whether it's in terms of the actual construction market or just are we seeing good access to customer sites, what are you hearing from contractors on the ground in terms of both labor and then being able to access customer sites today?
Todd Bluedorn: Almost no barrier that I'm aware of, customer sites both Commercial and Residential. We're an essential industry and they needs us and we're going in personalized. I just had my air conditioner repaired. I had an issue with it and technician arrived and matched up, it's booted up, it's plugged up. And my wife and kids in the bedrooms and the guys did a magnificent work and left and I think we're seeing that across the industry in the offsite. In terms of labor availability, I think it's strong. I think it's better than it was a year ago. I think the only issue that we are seeing is when you're running a factory or a service business, if you have COVID strike, then you have to deal with it and continue appropriate way in quarantine, so that causes absenteeism and so we and our channel partners work through those issues, but I think we're all focused on safety and taking all the right measure and are working through all the issues.
Chris Dankert: Got it. Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then, my apologies, I fully appreciate the difficulty of trying to be precise to moment as we've kind of gone through, but I just have to ask again, thinking about the cadence of just volumes in a typical year, for things to kind of fall apart as maybe the guidance assumes, things would have to really tick down in August. Otherwise, we're kind of through the bulk of the selling season now. Is there any visibility as to why things might slow in August or is it just conservatism and just taking a cautious view?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I mean August is the end of selling season for AC, but obviously in the fourth quarter, whatever -- I'm doing the math, 20%, 25% of our volume is in fourth quarter, so it's the furnace season for us and look and see [indiscernible]. So fourth quarter still matter to us. So, yes, it's tied to earn about -- frankly, about COVID, what [indiscernible]. It's been surprising to me, humbling to me if you use that word again about how quickly things went down, how quickly they bounced up, I think Steve was right to sort of call me on it, on my bell-shaped distribution curve, I had no bell-shaped distribution. It said three weeks into the July, in Residential we would be up mid-teens. So we've been pleasantly surprised. We never have guessed it. But humble enough to know that it could go back the other way. And so we're going to play this a quarter at a time.
Chris Dankert: Yes, I absolutely appreciate that. And then just, as I was thinking about it, again, you can deal with some sweating. But I think when -- when it's cold outside, it's 32 degrees, you're going to replace that furnace, right? I just think it's a matter of flexibility there. But yes. Thank you very much for the color. Appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Although in my House, my dad would make us freeze. Okay, but enough about me. Let me wrap up; market conditions remain highly uncertain as we just sort of talked about here, but we are executing well, very well on market opportunities and share gains. Third quarter is off to a strong start for Residential and our Commercial and Refrigeration business just continue to see relative improvement. We’ve raised our guidance for 2020 and look forward to the remainder of the summer and second half of the year. Thanks everyone for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-20 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International, First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2020. I'm here today with Chairman, CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the outlook, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and expectations. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site and available for replay. We would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call today over to the Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. Let me start with a quick overview on the first quarter, then discuss our current outlook for 2020 and the actions we’re taking in this unprecedented time. For the first quarter, company revenue was $724 million, down 8% on a GAAP basis, down 4% on an adjusted basis that excludes the impact from divestitures last year. GAAP operating income was $36 million, down from $95 million in the prior year quarter that included approximately $47 million of insurance benefit related to the 2018 tornado. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.32 compared to $1.73 in the prior year quarter that included $0.87 from insurance benefit. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit was $38 million compared to $99 million in the prior year quarter that included $40 million of insurance benefit. Total adjusted segment margin for the first quarter was 5.2% compared to 13.1% in the prior year quarter as reported and 7.8%, excluding the insurance benefit. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.56 compared to $1.68 in the prior year quarter that includes $0.75 of insurance benefit. Looking at the business segment performance for the first quarter, there are a couple of overarching comments to make. First, weather continued to have a significant adverse impact. Heating degree days were down from last year and every month down 15% overall for the quarter. Second, we saw an increasing impact on our business in March from the COVID-19 pandemic, first in Europe and then in North America. On the demand side, we saw contractors stop stocking up less residential equipment ahead of the spring and summer seasons due to the rising economic uncertainty, and national account customers in both our Commercial and Refrigeration businesses have pushed orders out. Operationally, HVAC has been designated an essential business in North America, Europe and in Mexico. We have managed the supply chain well across regions that we source from, including Asia and combined with our buffer stock we have not seen an impact on our manufacturing capability in this regard. In late March, we did make the decision to close some of our factories for a couple of weeks and broadly protected the Lennox team from COVID-19 cases at those locations. These factors are all back up and running and of course, protection for the team members are in place. In our Residential segment, in the first quarter, revenue was down 5%. Revenue from replacement business was down high single digits impacted by the warm weather. New construction revenue was up high single digits as the warm weather generally enabled homebuilders to get an early start in the year. Residential segment profit was $33 million, down from $87 million in the prior year quarter on a reported basis that included the $40 million of insurance benefits that I mentioned earlier. Segment margin was 7.4% in the quarter compared to 18.6% as reported or 10% excluding insurance benefit in the prior year quarter. In Commercial, revenue was up 3% in the first quarter and segment profit rose 24%. Segment margin expanded 180 basis points to 10.5%. Commercial equipment revenue was up low single digits in the quarter. New construction revenue was up high teens and replacement revenue was down high single digits. Breaking out the business another way, revenue from regional and local business was up low single digits. And national account equipment revenue was also up low single digits in the quarter. On the service side, Lennox national account service revenue was up low double digits. In Refrigeration segment for the first quarter, adjusted to exclude the impact from divestitures in the prior year, revenue was down 11% at constant currency. Segment margin declined 730 basis points to 0.7% and segment profit was down 93%. The segment has approximately 55% of its revenue from North America and 45% from Europe, which has seen soft markets for some time and that was impacted earlier from the pandemic in North America, including shut down at both of our French factories. North America revenue was down mid-single digits and Europe revenue was down high teens. Looking ahead for the company overall, market conditions are highly uncertain and there are significant challenges we are addressing. But Lennox has a focused and seasoned team with experience managing through economic downturns in difficult times. For me personally, I manage Carriers HVAC business in Southeast Asia in the wake of the Asian financial crisis in the late 90s. Those of you who don't remember, I urge you to go Google it. I manage Carriers North America HVAC businesses through the impact from 9/11 and then a CEO at Lennox through the residential new construction collapse in the global financial crisis of a little over a decade ago. Based on how HVAC markets performed in those prior downturns, our current view is that the North America residential and commercial unitary HVAC in refrigeration markets will be negatively impacted about 20% this year by the pandemic. We have reset our financial expectations for the year based on that level of market impact and now expect revenue to be down 11% to 17% from last year versus our previous guidance for growth of 4% to 8%. We expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $7.50 to $8.50 for the year. We have already taken cost reduction actions to realize approximately $150 million in SG&A savings for the balance of the year. The decremental drop through on the guidance reduction, on our revenue is 25%, which reflects our aggressive cost actions. We expect cash generation to remain strong for this year as working capital requirements shrink and capital expenditure plans have been reduced from $153 million to $120 million this year. We tend to think of maintenance CapEx levels of being around 10% to 15% of that. We are targeting $340 million free cash flow for 2020. Lennox is rated investment grade by both S&P and Moody's and we expect to remain well within our debt covenants. Our bank revolver and asset securitization line do not have to go through renewal again until the latter half of 2021 and our senior notes will not mature until November 2023. The company's quarterly dividend plans are unchanged. Most recently $0.70 per share or more than $150 million in total for this year. We repurchased $100 million of stock in the first quarter of our $400 million planned going into this year. But we have placed repurchases plans for the second quarter on hold and we will review plans for the third and fourth quarter as the year progresses. As I turn it over to Joe to discuss financial results, I will just say that while we execute -- while we execute on what is required in these current economic conditions, we remain mindful of the future and are confident we will once again strengthen our position in the market as we emerge in the recovery. Now I will turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $442 million, down 5%. Volume was down 6% and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $33 million, down 62% as reported, or down 30% adjusted for the insurance benefit in the prior year quarter. Segment margin was 7.4%, down 1,120 basis points as reported, or down 260 basis points adjusted for the insurance benefit in the prior year quarter. Segment profit was negatively impacted by the year-over-year difference in the insurance benefit, unfavorable weather, COVID-19 pandemic that led to lower volume and factory shutdown costs, higher other product costs and unfavorable mix. Partial offsets included favorable price, lower material costs, lower tariffs, favorable warranty costs, lower freight costs, lower SG&A expenses and favorable foreign exchange. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was up 3% to $170 million. Volume was down 2%, price and mix combined was up 5% and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit rose 24% to $19 million. Segment margin expanded 180 basis points to 10.5%. Segment profit was favorably impacted by favorable mix, lower material costs and lower SG&A expenses. Partial offsets included the COVID-19 pandemic that led to lower volume and unfavorable warranty costs. In Refrigeration, on an adjusted basis, first quarter revenue was down $103 million, down 12% -- excuse me, first quarter revenue was $103 million, which was down 12%. Volume was down 12%, price and mix combined was up 1% and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $1 million in the first quarter, down 93% and segment margin was 0.7%, down 730 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic that led to lower volume and factory shutdown costs, higher other product costs and unfavorable mix. Partial offsets include favorable price and lower SG&A expenses. Regarding special items in the quarter. The company had net after tax charges totaling $9.2 million. This included $8.3 million for -- in total for other tax items net and excess tax benefits from share based compensation, $1.3 million for loss from natural disaster net of insurance recoveries and a net benefit of $0.4 million for various other items. Corporate expenses were $14 million in the first quarter, and overall SG&A on an adjusted basis was $131 million or 18.1% of adjusted revenue, down from 18.7% in the prior year quarter. In the first quarter, the company used $99 million of cash from operations compared to a usage $141 million in the prior quarter. Capital expenditures were $25 million compared to $37 million in the prior year quarter that also included $7 million of proceeds from divestitures and insurance. Free cash flow was a use of approximately $123 million in the quarter compared to a use of $171 million in the prior year quarter. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, the company tends to have a cash -- have a use of cash early in the year and generates cash later in the year. The company paid $30 million in dividends and repurchased $100 million of stock in the quarter. Total debt was $1.44 billion at the end of the first quarter and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.3. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $43 million at the end of March. Now, before I turn it over to Q&A, I will review our current market estimates for 2020. For the industry overall, we now expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be down mid-teens compared to prior expectations to be up mid-single digits, a 20 point negative impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect both Commercial unitary shipments and Refrigeration shipments in North America to be down 25% compared to our expectation for flat markets. Under these market assumptions, we expect our revenue to be down 11% to 17% from the prior year compared to our prior expectations of 4% to 8% growth. We expect GAAP EPS from continuing operations to be in a range of $7.07 to $8.07 for the year, including a pre-tax charge of approximately $10 million expected in the second quarter for restructuring actions. We expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations to be in the range of $7.50 to $8.50 for the year. Previous EPS guidance for both of these was a range of $11.30 to $11.90. Looking at the various puts and takes in our financial assumptions for 2020, we now expect a benefit of $25 million in net price for the year compared to our previous guidance of $30 million. We now expect $20 million -- a $20 million benefit from sourcing and engineering led cost reductions compared to prior guidance of $25 million. Residential factory productivity is expected to flip from a $10 million benefit to a $10 million headwind given the significantly lower volume. Residential mix is now expected to be flat compared to prior guidance of a $5 million benefit. Tariffs are now expected to be neutral compared to prior guidance for a $10 million -- excuse me, a $5 million headwind and commodities are still expected to be a $20 million benefit and freight is still expected to be a $10 million benefit. A few other points to mention in our current financial outlook. Corporate expenses are targeted at $75 million compared to 20 -- excuse me, compared to $90 million previously. Net interest expense and other expense is now expected to be approximately $40 million compared to previous guidance of approximately $50 million. We still expect an effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22% on an adjusted basis for the full-year. We continue to expect weighted average diluted share count for the full-year to be between 38 million to 39 million shares. And as Todd mentioned, our repurchase of $100 million of stock in the first quarter of our $400 million plan going into this year. But we have placed the repurchase plans for the second quarter on hold and we will review plans in third and fourth quarters as the year progresses. The company's quarterly dividend plans are unchanged. Most recently $0.77 per share or more than $115 million for the total year. We are targeting capital expenditures of $120 million this year, down from $153 million previously. Free cash flow is expected to be $340 million this year compared to previous guidance of $410 million. And as Todd talked about, we have taken SG&A cost reduction actions to realize $115 million of savings over the remaining three quarters of this year. We are well-prepared to manage through these market conditions and make adjustments as needed along the way. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. So first off, Todd, can you break down the resi mid-teens decline to -- into your replacement and new construction?
Todd Bluedorn: We haven't broken out that guide. We usually don't give the annual guide, but I think sort of the phenomenon that you saw in first quarter will play out for a little bit longer, which is the starts that have started will continue. And so I wouldn't be surprised to see in the near-term new construction up as that on replacement continues to go down. But I think certainly, I think during the second half of the year the new construction will start to pull back significantly.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then maybe talk about the sales cadence through March and into April. Are you seeing resi down 10% plus at this point?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we are. I mean, what we've seen is through the end of March, it's sort of hung in there. And then during the first two weeks of April, it's been down mid-to-high teens. And that's, quite frankly, what I would expect. I mean, what we're seeing is we really have two broad buckets of add on the replacement this time of the year. Demand business, which is dealer sees a job, buys the equipment, installs it. The demand business actually is hanging in there relatively well. I mean, it's down low single digits. But where we're seeing a real slowdown is dealer stocking up for the summer selling season. They're just not doing that given all the uncertainty.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: And I will get a little bit more into this later is, we are an essential business and so we're going to continue to produce. People need our products and that’s going to continue to flow. So I -- we'll see what happens.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. All right. And just lastly, on the $150 million of cost saves, how much of that is temporary versus permanent? And then what's the quarterly cadence for our model?
Todd Bluedorn: I would look at it -- I would think about the $150 million cost savings this way. About 20% of the savings comes from salaried headcount reductions, about 40% comes from discretionary spending like cuts, like travel, marketing, incentive trips, etcetera. And about 40% come -- comes from pay actions, zero executive incentives and a salary reduction for our salaried employees, 50% for me, 12% for other executives and 6% for other salaried employees. And when you think about those snapping back, I would -- if I was modeling 2021, I would certainly assume that the salary reduction snap back in 2021 because if you do longer than 8 or 9 months, it's really not temporary. And then the other two categories, we just wait and see what was going on with the market conditions.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Just my first question around decremental margins. Those were pretty steep in Q1. I think you're expecting a narrowing of those as we work through the year, even though the sales trends deteriorate, presumably in Q2 and Q3. So maybe just help us understand the logic behind that. And also, what impact did the under absorption that you've cited back at the Q4 call that we should expect in Q1? How bad did that end up being given you had an additional volume shortfall?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think there's sort of a lot to unpack. The decremental margins in the first quarter were primarily driven by the bad mix that we had in residential. And we talked about that publicly at Steve Tusa's conference about midway through March. And while we said there was that the warm weather had impacted our furnace sales and our parts and supply sales, and those are our two most profitable business lines and that had a real impact to the business. When I think about the balance of the year, the reason we're able to get 25% decrementals is we've taken $115 million costs out of the business. So our normal contribution margin is order of magnitude 38%, 40%. And if we took no cost actions and the decrementals come in around 40%, but we took out $150 million of cost. And so we're now going to see decrementals in the order of magnitude of 25%. And then, the other point I would make, I’m going to ask the question -- but I will ramble when I'm talking. I mean, 20% is an uncertain number. We -- that’s after an obvious statement for the day. And as I mentioned on the call, I've been through a couple of these. And when I was a carrier in North America, run a commercial business after 9/11 and then here at the financial crisis, and so the 20% sort of feels right given what happens in those downturns. But it's sort of a ballpark number. And we're -- we were able to get 25% decrementals on a 20% drop in the market. But if the market goes down more than 20%, the cost levers are harder to find. And so if you're building your own model, our decrementals after we're down more than 20% revenue are going to be more like 30%, 35%. But for that first drop of 20%, $150 million are cost take outs allowed us to -- will allow us to deliver a 25% decremental.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you. And maybe just my follow-up question. You've talked a fair amount about residential trends. Maybe just clarifying in the commercial side of the business. Are you seeing -- what are you seeing in terms of, I guess, the aftermarket parts of commercial and any major bifurcation you'd call out in your guide for commercial unitary between OE and aftermarket just for 2020 as a whole?
Todd Bluedorn: The broad -- the guide that we gave is down 25% from North America unitary. We haven't bifurcated it. I would -- without putting numbers on it, tell you that my experience what will happen, quite frankly, what is happening is that the new -- it's like residential, new construction continues until all the projects that have started wind down. And that hasn't happened yet, but it will. The planned replacement continues to flow for a little bit until all the decision makers decide what they need to do to pullback to get their companies lined up correctly. So planned replacements, some of its slowing down over the last two weeks. And then the third piece of the business is at want demand or emerging replacement. And that continues to flow even in the tough times because people need to buy HVAC. And so my experience when I ran Carrier during 9/11 is the marble rolls off the table on commercial quickly and are better stated. When it happens, it happens quickly. And the marble hasn't rolled off yet. I mean, we're down. Backlog order rates are down maybe 10%, not 25% yet, but our guess is that it will.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Joe Reitmeier: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So can we just talk about just obviously a lot of moving pieces here, just what you're seeing from a share [ph] dynamic and being able to get that back and just what plans have changed if any for kind of parts plus build out?
Todd Bluedorn: The parts plus build out as we’ve put the 20 stores that we're going to add in 2020 on pause for right now. So right now, the plan is not to add. We're not in the process of adding any new stores. We'll get partway through the year just like on the share buyback and reevaluate that. What we've been very focused on is we made these SG&A cuts. Again, my experience from prior downturns is it's easy to cut costs, it's easy to gain share, it's hard to do both at the same time. And so we've been very focused about what are the investments we want to protect. And so we've protected all our new product development programs. We've protected all our key digitization programs. And while we aren't adding new stores, we're not decimating our distribution network. We're keeping it intact. And so it's protection of the key growth initiatives that we have. We're still keeping those intact. And we've asked for shared sacrifice of employees as we've taken a salary reduction rather than cut some of those key programs.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just on the -- it sounds like the biggest impact on Q1 was kind of seasonal build. What kind of feedback are you getting from, contractors in terms of like the selling season and people change them being able to kind of get out just that I'm just wondering if -- if you go into the season with less inventory and then maybe things are a little more normal, do you get some spring loading here, catch up?
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is yes to that final piece, which is we've got lots of inventory and we're not -- we're going to manage inventory appropriately to hit our free cash flow target. But we're prepared for the spring back. And so we hope we're wrong on the 20%. I hope it's a lot less than that. And if it is, then we're going to be chugging [ph] and we will be selling product and our dealers will be ready to go. They just don't want to carry the inventory right now, so we are carrying it for them. When we talk to the dealer contractors depending on what part of the country you're in and you could figure that out on your own, where there's less concern about all this, they're still relatively optimistic. But again, my experience on prior prices was if you rely on your dealer contractor to tell you the market is going to turn, then you've waited too long. But there's sort of quick in the debt and all this and you either sort of figure out that the market is turning, you get your costs in line and you have inventory takes you wrong and then you bounce back with it. If you don't do that, what happens is you chase the market down with cost cuts and you end up cutting costs right when the market is getting ready to turn. And it's better to cut them now, get it behind you and move on, that's what we've done. The optimistic answer to your question is, if we're wrong on the market and the market starts to come back, we'll rock and roll several of our dealers.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then if I could just squeeze one last in. The refrigeration margins got hit pretty hard and I think you mentioned a couple of things. But just maybe speak to that business, what really happened?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, there were a couple of things in the quarter that …
Jeff Hammond: 2Q from a margin perspective.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, there were a couple of things in the quarter that really drove the margins down and obviously they were disappointing margins. One is, we had our two French factories shut down because of COVID virus and that was about $2 million of EBIT negative impact. We had year-over-year difference in refrigerant sales. Remember, last year we said had this windfall of a couple of million in the first quarter, that didn't repeat. And then the volume being down 10%, the volume are down 10% and we hadn't taken all the cost actions yet. And so we had some painful decrementals. As we go through the balance of the year, hopefully the factory shutdowns are behind us, but who knows, the refrigerant noise is behind us and we've taken the cost actions to adjust our costs for the lower volume.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Thanks for all the detailed visual. A lot of companies are obviously not have been giving guidance. And so the color is always very helpful and you guys are also on top of the stuff. So I appreciate that.
Todd Bluedorn: I will just sort of give an advertisement then for my colleagues. We've always been transparent, but every training and leadership instinct I've ever been taught or learned is in a crisis you want to even be more transparent. So I think sort of pulling guidance and hiding isn't the way to go now. Again, we're putting large caveats around our guidance, I mean 20% god knows whether we're right or not, but we're trying to give you a view of our decrementals, the 20%. Our decrementals -- if it's worse than 20% and the costs that we've taken out and sort of how those costs will behave when the market recovers. And so that's what we're trying to communicate.
Steve Tusa: Right. I mean, I was giving more credit to Joe and Steve anyway, so. But you're doing -- you’re -- you've got a little bit of credit as well. I mean you have the [multiple speakers]
Todd Bluedorn: I'm so glad to see this crisis hasn’t softened you in any way.
Steve Tusa: You've got -- yes, you got to get the rubber stamp. So anyway, how much of your business is housing now? I feel like a couple of years ago you guys were a little bit overweight on the housing front. How much of your businesses is builders and housing?
Todd Bluedorn: 15% -- 15% to 20%. 15% to 20%.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Got it. And then just …
Todd Bluedorn: Resi.
Steve Tusa: Yes, resi, of course. And then just on the guidance, so if I kind of do the bridge of the midpoint negative kind of 14% revenue and then 25% decrementals, it's kind of more around the $7 of EPS range, not $8, is that -- Am I missing something there, or maybe there's a few kind of below the line items that we haven't kind of squared away on that front. We can -- I can also take that off line if it's …
Todd Bluedorn: You can take -- the answer is rates are down and so we have better interest costs, that may be a piece of it. But I don’t know if that explains the whole dollar, but that's it. But take it off line, I mean, as you can -- we’ve worked and modeled detail ourselves, so we can work with you.
Joe Reitmeier: I think [indiscernible].
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then how are you balancing this? I mean, it seems like you have embedded some share gains in your numbers, or are you no longer embedding that? I mean, how you're kind of balancing these cost cuts with that drive to kind of recapture some of the tornado share?
Todd Bluedorn: We still have some share gain in there. But again, as we talked about at the end of December when we were together, a lot of that share gain is already baked into the cake. In other words, those were dealers we were converting in third and fourth quarter and as we turned our new business development process loose. And so now we just need those dealers to buy. So I think we already have some new share baked into the cake. And then again as I mentioned earlier, we continue to sort of protect our key investments to gain share. And our sales guys, while they’re not physically calling on many of our customers, they’re calling on our customers and we are still out there pushing and driving to get share of wallet of our customers. So again, there is not heroic share of gain in that number, but there is some share gain in that number.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just one last quick one. Usually commercial kind of has a weak 1quarter and then steps up to almost double that in the second quarter and then bounces around a little bit, perhaps kind of fade to the rest of the year. Given you kind of, you didn't really see a drop off there yet, but you’re -- you're going to kind of experience one here in the next couple of quarters, are we -- should we just kind of assume like a, flat to up type of number from the first quarter for the rest of the year like, I'm just trying to kind of better understand the seasonal dynamics, or the lack thereof.
Todd Bluedorn: So let me get this right. Most of my peers are pulling guidance and you want me to give a segment revenue forecast by quarter?
Steve Tusa: No, I guess just do you anticipate that seasonal step up, I guess, is the simple question. It would seem like you and your guide, but I'm just that's the simple question.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think that the answer is our commercial team is on a roll. And they were on a roll before the virus hit. And so the virus is going to impact them in a meaningful way. Down -- the market's going to go down 25%. But they're gaining share and they're winning in the marketplace. And I think all that's going to be consistent even with the market that's down 25%.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot guys. Really appreciate the details again. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Nicole.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi.
Nicole DeBlase: So maybe carrying on from Steve's question a little bit. With respect to the 20% revenue impact that you've embedded for the full-year, is all of that coming in the second quarter? And I guess, was there any in 1Q and are you embedding like a pretty quick snapback in the second quarter? Just trying to get a sense of like where that impact is lying.
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, I'm not going to necessarily give quarterly guidance, but what we baked in was for the balance -- for full-year our guide is down 20%. And so for balance of the year its down even more than that. And it gives you the weighted average of what happened in the first quarter, it's down 21%, 22%, 23% for the balance of the year. And that's the guide that we are giving. Now I think it may be worse in second quarter than it is in third and fourth quarter, but I'm not sure. But the way we've loaded it into our internal models is equally split across the quarters, so it's down the same each quarter because again, it's -- I don't want to give too much precision assumption around the 20%, I mean, it's not like we did this bottoms up roll by quarter by business unit, by AOR, by new construction and came up with this detailed number, it's 20% and we ran it across the business. We did it by quarter and we set our costs that way and we're going to stop to see how this plays out. There's too many variables to really know for certain how it's going to play out.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Totally fair. Got it. Thanks, Todd. And then just for my follow-up, then maybe drawing on what you've seen in your career and past downturns, is there a risk that in the resi business we see a big shift away from replacement and towards repair Band-Aid of systems over the next several years as this plays out?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think when you -- if we end up in a world which it looks like we're going to do 25%, 30% unemployment, people are going to try and Band-Aid their units. So, yes, I think we'll see a spike up in parts and repair parts and then a decline in units. I think that's assumption sort of baked in broadly speaking to our number. But yes, that's what happened. Now how's this for trying to find a silver lining? That just like we saw after the financial crisis, that demand doesn't go away, it just gets pushed out. And I'm looking forward to, I don't know if it's a year from now, year and a half now, we'll have a new model out about all the pent-up demand that was created in the throes of all this, and all that demand will come back to us. And just like in 10, 11 and 12, we'll have resi markets that are up double digits because all this pent-up demand will be unleashed. So we're not Carnival Cruises, we're not Caesar's Palace. It's not when this demand goes away and never comes back or you lose it forever, this demand gets pushed out. And so we're pushing it out. But it will come back.
Nicole DeBlase: Thanks, Todd. I will pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Timothy Wojs: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Tim.
Timothy Wojs: I guess among -- some of your third-party distributors and just some of your larger stocking dealers, how do you feel about just kind of their financial profile and kind of access to credit, I guess more broadly.
Todd Bluedorn: It's a great question. We keep a close eye on that. They're in good shape. Broadly speaking, I'm not aware of any of our large dealer or distributor customers having any issue. They’re savvy business people. We've -- we aggressively reached out to the dealer network and had webinars and training around the small business loans that were available or grants and hopefully there's more of that money coming. And we've worked with our partners to make sure they have access to that, that's something that they want to do. But again, it's a little bit of a survival of the fittest. Most of our customers survived the financial crisis and the housing downturn and the bubble of residential market. And so they're savvy and they know how to -- they know what they need to do.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. And then just on mix. Have you seen, I guess, on the demand oriented business, have you seen any changes in mix, over the last probably 4 to 6 weeks, and then are you embedding some deterioration as you kind of go to the summer?
Todd Bluedorn: We've -- again, it's early, because we're only a couple weeks into this. But what our expectation would be you'd have some mix down in resi and that's built into the numbers.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Okay. Thanks for all the color and good luck to this.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Nigel.
Nigel Coe: And I do want to say, well done on the guidance, because I don't think there's going to be too many people giving us perspective. So it's really well appreciated. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Nigel Coe: So on the components of the guide, you took down the price by $5 million. Is that purely just on the lower volumes you get of the less price benefits, or is there some element of pricing pressure across various businesses? And I guess the question is, are you seeing any deterioration in pricing?
Todd Bluedorn: No. You've got it, it's broadly speaking, the reduction in volume.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then on -- you mentioned shutting down factories at the end of March in both the U.S and Europe. We've seen this across the board. To what degree did that impact your productivity? Actually having those factories shuts for a week or so in the quarter. And then on a go-forward basis, testing employees and maintaining distances within the factory, to what extent does that limit or maybe raise costs in terms of ramping up production and raising the kind of go-forward costs.
Todd Bluedorn: We've managed it well so far. We've -- cleaning the factories, lots of hand gel, even things like putting plastic barriers between some of the assembly stations, we’re in the process of ramping up PPE gloves, taking people's temperatures, those sort of things. And so we’re like most of industrial America, we're working our way through this. We had a shut down on our two French factories. We had a shut down in our Marshalltown factory because we had some cases and also quite a few quarantines, but both those factories are up and running. As I speak today -- I didn’t check first thing this morning, but as I speak today, all our factories are running. Different levels of absenteeism in our factories as people stay away from work. And again, this isn't a political statement. It's just an observation that our factories in places like Iowa, Arkansas, Georgia, and they're not in New York City, they're not in California. And so some of our workers have a different perspective on the virus than I do maybe. And so they're coming to work, but even beyond that, we're taking care of them. Make sure it works. I mean - and then second order equation, obviously, in our factories has to do with the supply chain. And our team has done a great job of managing that first in Asia, and that's now way in the rear-view mirror. Increasingly, it's about Mexico and U.S. of making sure that our supply base runs and it has. And then the final piece is you get a little bit more wiggle room on this when the markets are declining. So the markets are declining even if we have some issues around production, we're able to absorb it in a natural way because even if we had a 100% production capability, we would have to bring down our factories in any case to help manage the inventory levels. And so even if we have some places where we have to take it down, we take it down in an orderly way.
Nigel Coe: That's great color. And then a quick one on the Mexican supply chain. I hear there's one or two factories were shut down by the Mexican government. Is that now back up and running?
Todd Bluedorn: Our factory was never shut down, so we actually went through -- I’m going to be careful I don’t advertise it to the -- too much to the government where they want to prove me wrong. But we had the federal Mexican government come in and inspect us on an afternoon and we got a stamp of approval, both as an essential industry and also about all the processes that we were using to protect our people. And so we were down in Mexico, we took it down just for production reasons, but we haven't taken it down because the government thought we should.
Nigel Coe: Okay, guys, good luck. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, John. Hey. So I guess, I think it was in response to an earlier question when you were talking about how the decrementals throttle a different volume declines. You’ve obviously running that scenario analysis. So what are you watching for to see if volumes could actually be down worse than you're kind of expecting? Is it the employment numbers, is it consumer confidence, something else? Maybe what are the indicators you're watching for that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, this is as you know, an imprecise science. And I think we are watching macro trends, but I mean, we're sort of off the board with macro trends. And so we're trying to spend time with our customers for looking at order rates, we're just seeing what happens. The one number that I have taken most comfort in today has been the demand business in our residential. And as I said earlier, that was down a little bit month to date, but still reasonably solid, now all things considering. And that gives me comfort that when people's air conditioning breaks and need to get it fixed, they need to get it addressed, they’re at home and it's still flowing. And the other thing that I -- that we keep track of is that we're happy that we're in the central business. And so our dealers are working across the country and they're up and running and they're going out taking care of their homeowner customers. And so as long as all that's in place, then that's a good sign that we look at. But the way I think about this is we measured twice and then we cut once. So we measured 20% down, we cut. And now we quite frankly just got to let it play out a little bit. I'm not sure we are going to know a whole lot more next week than we know today or even three weeks or a month. I think we've got to get through the summer selling season or into the summer selling season to see how things are behaving, and then we'll readjust our thinking then.
John Walsh: Thank you. And then maybe just a follow on a high level picture here. Obviously, one of the nice secular tailwinds in HVAC is around energy efficiency regulations, refrigerant changes. It might be too early, but are you hearing conversations that some of the bodies that govern this might be wanting to throttle back or push back instead of when we get some of these changes, or is that not something we would expect to see, depending on the duration of this downturn?
Todd Bluedorn: The honest answer is, I don't know. We haven't heard anything yet. I mean, two ways to look at it. One would be some may think that's a stimulus to the economy, not to force industries to add costs. Another view may be the scientists may actually be right on some of these things and protecting the environment may make sense. So I think it could cut both ways.
John Walsh: Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning, all.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Deepa.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, can you -- Todd, can you talk through how your revenue mix is right now on the residential front versus geographies that are being hard hit with the lockdown? I mean, New York, California, Pennsylvania and some parts of the Midwest, obviously, but are you underrepresented or over represented in some of these places? Can you talk through that broadly, please?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don't -- I'm not worried about being underrepresented anywhere or over represented somewhere else. I think, again, it's a small sample size, but sort over the last three or four weeks, there's parts of the country, the Southeast, that continues to do well. So our revenue in resi over the last three weeks in the Southeast is actually up. Our revenue in Canada is down and down pretty significantly. And I think that reflects the Canadians took the lockdown pretty serious and things are flowing as well there. But I don't think we're under -- we're not under -- we have lower share, certainly, and higher share depending on where you look in the country. But there's no step function difference. So we're ready to play no matter where the markets are strong.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. So you've not necessarily been additionally hit in places where the lockdown has been stronger. It's the best to now have you …
Todd Bluedorn: No, I misunderstood the question. Yes, I mean, when -- in the parts of the country where people are abiding most closely. So in the Northeast -- in the Northeast, we're down much more than we are in the Southeast. And so in Florida, we're actually up year-over-year in April. And in the Northeast, we're down and down pretty significantly year-over-year. So, yes, I think you think about it that way.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay, got it. My follow-up is on, some color versus last cycle. You obviously divested some businesses since the last recession, Hearth, etcetera. Can you talk through some data on how the repair and replacement dynamics played out, not including those businesses? And how maybe you're thinking through -- how unemployment rate or any of these other metrics that you probably analyze at your end that actually will determine when people actually get back into replacement mode. I mean, obviously going to recession, people choose to repair. You have mid-teens unemployment rate, but that probably starts to peter out. But is there like a threshold metric, like an unemployment rate or something [multiple speakers]?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean, there's not a math formula. When I think about what happened during the financial crisis, it was a multitude of things, and some of them are true now, some of them aren’t and then there's a whole new set of things now. So one thing we saw during the financial crisis, it was a housing led problem. And so that was in our sweet spot. And existing home values went down in many parts of the country 30%, 40%, 50%. And that had a chilling effect on people wanting to spend $5,000 to put an air conditioner in. And then you laid on top of that the housing crisis turned into a financial crisis, which led to unemployment and lack of consumer confidence. Now where we sit today so far in this is, it's hard -- it's going to be higher unemployment. Consumer confidence, we'll see how that plays out, but I guess -- my guess is it's going to follow unemployment. But we haven't had a crash in the housing market so far. And so I -- and then the other question is, what's the recovery look back like and how quickly do people come back? And so I just think there's variables out there. I think there's clearly going to be some repair versus replace in the near-term. How long it lasts, I’m not certain.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Thank you so much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. And I'll say thanks to you for the guidance. And I wonder if you could talk a little bit more, kind of a follow on to the last question about this 3-recession analysis, which I think looks like the right way to look at this. But each one of those recessions was a little bit different. And I wonder why, considering what you just said in the last question, why you took the conservative route with the guidance versus you expecting more of a snap back in the second half?
Todd Bluedorn: My experience, especially from 9/11 running the Carrier Commercial business, is it was death to chase the market down. I think you've got to get out ahead of it and get your cost sized right. And the costs that we took, a lot of them were pay cuts and incentive cuts and things that can -- that we can sort of unleash again if we had to if the market takes back. But the worst thing to do, I think or one of the worst things to do is to, one call we say the market is going to be down 5, then it's down 10, then it's down 15, then it's down 20, because that means we're running our business that way. And then if you’re chasing the cost down, it's just so disruptive to the organization. It's better to get it out of the way, measure twice, cut once. And if you're wrong, have enough inventory to prove everybody that you can manage the upside also and I think that's what we've done. I just find that a better way to run the business.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. The bad debts this quarter didn't look that bad yet. And I wonder if you can talk about how bad debts should trend given your outlook and how they did in the last recessions.
Todd Bluedorn: They held up well last time. We didn't have much of a debt problem. And again, we are not -- we are exposed to tens of thousands of small customers. And we have a pretty good group who is constantly monitoring that. And even on the national accounts side, we sell to pretty high caliber brands and customers. And so that wasn't a concern last time. I don't expect it will be a major concern this time, although we're focused on it and watching it.
Walter Liptak: Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Rob.
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for all the color. Two questions and I know we're getting kind of top of the hour, so I will keep it quick. One, on the commercial side, it looks like you took a very appropriate assumption for that 25% decline. I guess, and again, thank you for all the detail on the guidance. So this is a bit of an unfair question, but it probably takes into account the initial disruption. But we just hosted a call with a former CFO of a large retail based restaurant company for quick service dining in a lot of malls and from that standpoint, given what we're seeing with casual dining and then the expected cut in units and then also the independents, we could be in kind of a nuclear winter for commercial real estate for quite some time. How do we think about that in the context beyond the guide of how you're going to manage your business, because could it be maybe not as bad as a 25%, but could we would be looking at 2 to 3 years of just kind of a really tough slog here on the commercial real estate side? And let us know how you think about it?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I would say a couple of things. I mean, in our commercial business, we're two-thirds close to 70% replacement. And so we're buffered from commercial new construction in many ways. And that's because we're a replacement market and replacement units are going to have to flow. And then I think there's pockets of demand, I mean, Amazon is a customer, Costco is a customer, Walmart is a customer. Those are all big customers of ours. And so, yes, new construction, you pick your worst case and it could be bad, but we're replacement and we have some large customers and some are doing well and some aren't doing well. And again, as I said earlier, look, I don't have a crystal ball and I can convince myself it's not snap back, I can convince myself to put my head underwater. But we picked a middle path and have sized the business accordingly. And if we're wrong, either direction we will adjust.
Robert McCarthy: And then just anything else you can add to what you've talked about in terms of just cash collection. And should we be nervous about cash conversion this year, just given kind of the -- through [ph] generous nature of this downturn, or do you think that's going to be something that's fairly manageable.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it would be fairly manageable. I mean, we'll see how it plays out. But I mean, we've -- we're going to shrink our working capital. We will -- we have a line of sight with our customers and we're collecting receivables to not aging fast yet and we will shrink the inventory and so we will generate cash there. And then we pull back on working capital. And if you look what happened during the financial crisis, and again, it was different and I know you lived through it, Rob, I'm not sure everyone on the call did, intimately but you didn't have the fear of dying, but you certainly had the fear that the world was on fire. And even during the financial crisis, we generated more cash during the financial crisis than we did before because we were able to take working capital a lot quicker than our earnings go down. And that's what we'll see this year.
Robert McCarthy: And the last thing is, it sounds like from a financing perspective, the fixed income and financing markets remain very robust. Wouldn't you confirm that from your seat?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I don't know if -- I'm not sure, I'm in a position to say very robust. I'd say we have no concerns. We have no concerns. No issues. We're in great shape.
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for your time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Damian.
Damian Karas: Appreciate all the color on your preparedness to navigate through this downturn as well as on how you get into the 20% forecast. Just have a quick follow-up question on resi mix. You talked about in the past during the global financial crisis how you kind of really saw a bifurcation, if you will, in the resi market with a much higher proportion of the population flocking to minimum efficiency. Have you started seeing that dynamic play out yet? It sounds like in your guidance here you're expecting to some extent that to happen. Could you just kind of remind us of how this sort of price and margin variance is as you move from the minimum efficiency up through your premium product?
Todd Bluedorn: It scales rough on the price side, it scales rough -- roughly in line this year. So a 26-year order of magnitude is twice as expensive as a 13 SEER. And then the margin percentages, they don't scale quite that way, but a margin percentage at the high-end -- we have a greater margin percentage on the high-end than we do on the entry level, although much closer than it was 7, 8 years ago as we've taken costs out of the entry level product. Yes, as I said earlier, we expect certainly some mix down and it's early, but 2 or 3 weeks in April, we're seeing some of that. And again, as you mentioned or you right, correctly remembered what we saw during the financial crisis was a barbell distribution. People who had money continue to have money and people who were in trouble weren't or didn't and so bought entry level. But in all these things are different. We certainly expect some mix down. We built that into our guide.
Damian Karas: Okay. That makes sense. And with the current lockdown situation, just wondering if you've seen any change in trends with your online platform. Is there a potential here to maybe see an acceleration in the ramp there, or just kind of too soon to tell with the softening demand environment.
Todd Bluedorn: Our online platform is for our dealers, contractors. And our sales guys are talking to them all the time. So they want to give us an order over the phone, we'll take that -- take it there. So I don't think there's a huge ramp up online. It's not like a signal to the grocery store, I'm using ships instead to buy it and it's all going online. Our relationship with the dealers hasn't changed that much. We are not going into their office every day, but we're talking to them every day. And a lot of the orders, quite frankly, they don’t come online, the dealers just tell us and we place the orders ourselves.
Damian Karas: Makes sense. Appreciate the color, guys. Good luck.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks, guys, and appreciate the …
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna: How are you doing? I appreciate the granularity as well. I'll be brief. A lot of questions asked and answered. But first, Todd, I was hoping you could give us some historical perspective on how pricing behaves in these downturns and why the industry will be more rational this time?
Todd Bluedorn: Even in the financial crisis, we got price. We got -- I'm doing it from memory, but I think the worst year in pricing, we got $15 million, $20 million of price on a smaller business than we have today. And we're able to pass it on because there's still sort of pressures that you have on the business. They're not commodities anymore, but it's the additional cost that we have to help protect us from COVID. It's the absenteeism that we have to manage through. So it's sort of the inflationary pressures from, or the cost increases that we're having in that direction, we passed the price on. And we’ve already in many ways passed the price on, it's in the price books. We've had the conversations with our customers. And so we're going to pass it on. And my expectation is our competitors will do the same thing.
Gautam Khanna: And as a follow-up, we've asked about consolidation forever. Do you think the current environment makes it more or less likely to happen?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, I think I will just give you a textbook answer. I think it would be if someone gets into a liquidity issue, it certainly helps. And it would have to go on -- the equity values at the current levels would have to stay there, hopefully they don't. But would have to stay there for some period of time before people reset expectations. But it's hard to imagine that very many deals get done in the near-term anywhere in any industry, because people just don't believe that they were 30% less than what they were a month ago or two months ago.
Gautam Khanna: Right. And I'm sorry, a last one, if I could sneak one in. Just to play macro economist. When -- what year would you expect to get back to 2019 levels? I mean, do you -- just based on historical context, is this a 3-year work out of 5-year workout? How bad is it in your -- from where you're sitting?
Todd Bluedorn: [indiscernible] I don't know. And the reason I don't know is I think you have to answer the – in my opinion, you have to answer the medical question first. And I just don't know. And so, look, if we have a -- if we have therapeutics in two months, I'd say it's Katy, bar the door. If it's 3 years and we're still searching for a vaccine and the barn's burned down. So you have somewhere between those two and I just don’t know.
Gautam Khanna: Appreciate the candor. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys, and appreciate all the detail. So I'll keep it quick. I'm not sure I heard your answer to Julian's question earlier on the cost outs. Are they linear? And then secondly, if this does turn out to be worse than a down 20% market Todd, what other kind of levers do you have at your disposal to try to offset some maybe more dire weakness?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not sure I answer that or I answered that question earlier, so I will answer for you. But broadly speaking, the cost take outs are linear, although all things being said, as you can imagine, some of these things kick in a little later in the year. But we've already announced internally the restructuring. They’re already effective. The salary reductions take effect on May 1. And so all that's happening. And then in terms of what other costs we have, I mean, it's still the same three buckets. I mean, it's -- can you -- do you have to attack heads, you attack discretionary spending and you'd have to attack pay. But as I said earlier, we were able to get to a 25% decremental with a contribution margin of close to 40. And so the next tranche down, I would expect the decremental to be closer to 30%, 35%. And so that means while there's some cost there, you run out of -- diminishing opportunities.
Joe Ritchie: That makes sense. Thanks very much, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. Appreciate it. Okay, everyone. Appreciate the time, appreciate the interest. To wrap up, these are unprecedented times, but Lennox has a focused and seasoned team with experience in managing through difficult challenges. We will execute on what needs to be done near-term while mindful of the future and are confident we will again strengthen our market position as we emerge in recovery. Thanks, everyone for joining us today. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T events conferencing service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-04 09:30:00) =====
Company Representatives: Todd Bluedorn - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Joe Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer Steve Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International, Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At the request of your host, are lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2019. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions.  In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call today over to the Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn : Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start with a quick review of 2019 overall and then discuss some fourth quarter highlights. For 2019, the company reported record adjusted revenue, margin, and profit and had strong cash generation. As you talked about over the course of the year, weather was a significant headwind to growth in the second, third, and finally fourth quarters.  GAAP revenue overall for the company was $3.81 billion for the year, down 2% including a negative 5% impact from divestitures. GAAP operating income rose 29% to a record $657 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations rose 18% to $10.38.  On an adjusted basis for 2019, excluding the impact from divestitures, revenue was up 3% to a record $3.77 billion. Total segment profit rose 12% to record $610 million. The total segment margin expanded 140 basis points to a record 16.2%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations increased 18% to a record $11.19.  Of note in 2019, we completed the divestitures of our non-core Refrigeration businesses. We operationally recovered from the tornado and resumed capturing share in the market, and we introduced new products and continue to make investments for future growth and profitability that position the company well for 2020 and beyond.  Turning to our business segments for the year. Residential reported new record highs for revenue, margin, and profit. Residential revenue rose 3% on comparable growth in both replacements and new construction business. Residential property rose 16%, and segment margin expanded 230 basis points to 20.3%. For the year, residential had negative tornado impact of $109 million to revenue, and $59 million to segment profit, offset by $99 million of insurance recovery for a net benefit of $40 million of segment profit.  Our Commercial business set new records for profit and margin for the year. Commercial revenue and profit rose 5%. Segment margin was flat with prior year’s record level of 17.5%. Commercial equipment revenue was up mid-single digits for the year, with both replacement and new construction up mid-single digits. Looking at the business another way, revenue from regional and local business was up low-single digits. National account equipment revenue was up high-single digits for the year. On the new business front, the company won 25 new national account customers across diverse vertical markets in 2019.  On the service side, Lennox National Account service revenue was up high single digits for the year. In the Refrigeration segment on an adjusted basis that excludes impact from divestitures, revenue is up 1% at constant currency and down 1% on a reported basis. Segment profit was down 12% and margins were down 140 basis points to 11.7%. At constant currency, North America revenue was up low-single digits, Europe refrigeration was down mid-single digits and Europe Commercial HVAC was up high-single digits.  Turning to the fourth quarter, the company revenue on a GAAP and adjusted basis was $885 million. GAAP revenue was up 5%. Adjusted revenue, excluding the impact from divestitures was up 8% to a new fourth quarter high. GAAP operating income rose 64% to a fourth quarter record of $192 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is up 57% to fourth quarter record, $2.92.  On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 19% to fourth quarter record of $133 million and total segment margin expanded 140 basis points to a fourth quarter high of 15.1%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 24% to a fourth quarter record of $2.45.  Looking at our business segments for the fourth quarter, residential reported new fourth quarter records for revenue, profit, and margin. Residential revenue was up 8% on a high-single digit growth in replacement business, and a mid-single-digit growth in new construction business. Segment profit was up 20%, and segment margin expanded 190 basis points to 19.6%.  As provided in December, residential business had a negative tornado impact of $23 million to revenue and $13 million to segment profit in the fourth quarter, offset by $25 million of insurance recovery for a net benefit of $12 million to segment profit. In commercial, revenue, profit, and margin were all new fourth quarter records. Commercial revenue was up 12% and profit rose 24%. Segment margin expanded 180 basis points to 19%. Commercial equipment revenue was up low-double digits in the quarter. New construction revenue was up mid-teens, and replacement revenue was up high-single digits.  Looking at the business another way, revenue from regional and local business was up high-single digits. National account revenue was up low-double digits in the quarter. On the service side, Lennox National Account revenue was up mid-teens.  In refrigeration for the fourth quarter, revenue was relatively flat at constant currency. Refrigeration profit rose 5% and segment margin expanded 70 basis points to 11.1%. At constant currency, North America revenue was up low-single digits. Europe refrigeration was down high-single digits and Europe commercial HVAC was up low-single digits.  Looking ahead for the company overall in 2020, we are reiterating guidance. We expect adjusted revenue growth of 4% to 8% this year, and GAAP and adjusted EPS from continuing operations to be $11.30 to $11.90 for the full year.  The company has a strong cash generation profile, including $371 million of free cash flow in 2019. Beyond our investments for the future performance of the business, we plan to continue to grow the dividend and repurchase stock, including $400 million this year.  Now, I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with Residential Heating and Cooling.  In the fourth quarter, revenue from Residential Heating and Cooling was a fourth quarter record of $499 million, up 8%. Volume was up 3%, price was up 2%, and mix was up 3%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue.  Residential profit was a fourth quarter record $98 million, up 20%. Segment margin was a fourth quarter record of 19.6%, up 190 basis points. Segment profit was favorably impacted by the benefit from insurance and tornado recovery year-over-year, higher volume, price and mix, and lower material, tariff, and warranty costs. Partial offsets included lower factory efficiency, higher distribution, freight, and other product costs.  For the full year, residential segment revenue was a record $2.29 billion, up 3%. Volume was up 1%, price was up 2%, and mix was flat. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a record $465 million, up 16%, and segment margin was a record 20.3%, up 230 basis points. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. Commercial revenue was a fourth quarter record $260 million, up 12%. Volume was up 12%, price and mix were flat, and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue.  Commercial segment profit was a fourth quarter record, $49 million up 24%. Segment margin was a fourth quarter record 19%, up 180 basis points. Segment profit was favorably impacted by higher volume and price, lower material and other product costs, and lower SG&A. Partial offsets included unfavorable mix, lower factory efficiency and higher distribution, and warranty and tariff costs. For the full year commercial revenue was $947 million up 5%, volume was up 2%, price was up 1% and mix was up 2%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Segment profit was a record $165 million up 5%, segment margin was 17.5%, flat with last year's record level.  In refrigeration on an adjusted basis, fourth quarter revenue was $127 million down 2%. Volume was up 2%, price was up 1% and mix was up 1%. Foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $14 million in the fourth quarter up 5%, segment margin was a 11.1% up 70 basis points.  Segment profit was favorably impacted by price and mix, lower material, distribution and tariff costs and higher joint venture income. Partial offsets include lower volume and factory efficiency, higher warranty and other product costs, higher SG&A and unfavorable forging exchange.  For the full year refrigeration revenue was $534 million down 1%. Volume was flat, price was up 1% and mix was flat. Foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact, segment profit was $62 million, down 12%. Segment profit margin was 11.7% down 140 basis points.  Regarding special items in the fourth quarter, the company had a net after tax gain, totaling $18.7 million. This included a gain of $51 million for insurance recoveries received for property damage incurred from the natural disaster, a benefit of $4 million for excess tax benefits from share based compensation, a charge of $28.9 million for pension settlements, and a total charge of $7.4 million for various other items net.  For the full year the company had net after tax special charges totaling $31.1 million. This included a charge of $74.4 million for pension settlements, a charge of $7.7 million for restructuring activities, a $6.5 million net loss on the sale of businesses and related property, and a total charge of $13.2 million for various other items.  Also included is a gain of $59.8 million for insurance recoveries received for property damage incurred from the natural disaster and a benefit of $10.9 million for excess tax benefits from share based compensation.  Corporate expenses were $28 million in the fourth quarter and $82 million for the full year. Overall SG&A on an adjusted basis with $144 million in the fourth quarter or 16.3% of revenue, down from 16.7% in the prior quarter. For 2019 overall SG&A on an adjusted basis was $581 million or 15.4% of revenue down from 15.5% in the prior year.  For 2019 the company had cash from operations of $396 million compared to $496 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures were $106 million for the full year compared to $95 million in the prior year, and proceeds for damage to property and disposal of property were $81 million compared to $11 million in the prior year. Free cash flow was $371 million for the year compared to approximately $411 million in the prior year.  In 2019 the company paid approximately $111 million in dividends to repurchase $400 million of company stock. Total debt was $1.17 billion at the end of the fourth quarter and we ended the year with the debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.7. Cash and cash equivalents were $37 million at the end of the year.  Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2020. Our underlying market assumptions for the year are unchanged. For the industry overall we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North America commercial unitary shipments to be flat, and we expect North American refrigeration shipments to also be flat.  The company guidance for 2020 remains the same as we presented at the December investment community meeting and we continue to expect adjusted revenue growth from 4% to 8% with neutral foreign exchange and we still expect GAAP and adjusted EPS from continuing operations in a range of $11.30 to $11.90.  I would like to highlight that we expect the flow of EBIT over the quarters for 2020 to be a bit different this year than historical seasonal averages due to some affects stemming from a tornado that I will detail in a moment. Specifically first quarter historically averaged about 14% of annual EBIT. This year we expect about 11% of the annual EBIT to flow through the first quarter, with the difference coming in the second half of the year, which will then be higher than historical seasonal averages.  There are a couple of primary reasons for this. The first relates to factory productivity. As mentioned previously, we have incremental depreciation from the new equipment in Ohio facility and we also have lower factory absorption in the first quarter. As you recall, we made the decision to level load the Iowa factory in the third and fourth quarters of 2019, to pre-build ahead for the 2020 summer season. We mentioned the decision not to do a typical season ramp down in that factory to avoid the disruption in the labor force and production in that facility post the tornado.  The second reason relates to lower margin business we expect to have in winning back business after the tornado impact. This lower margin business is planned for in our annual guidance and is expected to primarily impact the first half of 2020.  Now let’s run through the other key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2020, all of which are unchanged. We expect a benefit of $30 million in net price for the year; commodities are expected to be a $20 million benefit and freight a $10 million benefit. We expect a $25 million benefit from sourcing and engineering net cost reductions and $10 million of benefit from residential factory productivity. Residential mix is expected to be a $5 million benefit.  For the headwinds in 2020, we expect $5 million of headwind from tariffs. We are planning $15 million for distribution investments. As part of that, we are resuming Lennix Store openings and have 20 planned for 2020. Within SG&A we will continue to make investments in research and development and I.T. for continued innovation and leadership in products, controls, ecommerce, factory automation and productivity.  A few other guidance points. Net interest expense – net interest and other expenses is expected to be approximately $50 million. Corporate expenses are targeted at $90 million. We expect an effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 22% on an adjusted basis for the full year.  Capital expenditures are still planned to be approximately $153 million, including $53 million funded by insurance proceeds received in 2019. And finally, we continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 38 million to 39 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $400 million of stock this year.  And with that, let's go to Q&A. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is going to come from the line of Deepa Raghavan from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning all. Thanks for taking the question. Todd, can you talk about the momentum in your residential business, especially how we should think about weather actually normalizing. Weather normalizing being a plus or minus to your existing guide. I guess it wasn't pretty clear to us at the Investor Day how we should think about it, you know based on how you are thinking about weather impacting guide in fiscal ’20? 
Todd Bluedorn: I'll answer what I think the question is. I think weather last year was cooler, especially in the summer selling season, and then as we've gone into November and December it was warmer in the furnace season. And so, in a more normalized year, I would expect weather to be a tailwind in 2020. When I think about our guide, we call for the market to be up mid-single digits in resi. If we get a warm summer, then the market will do better than that. 
Deepa Raghavan: Got it! Yeah that was my question. If there is any way to normalize you know how we should think about fiscal ’20, but thanks for that. My follow-up would be on Q2. I mean you called out – obviously Q1 now, you reset it a little bit for us, but – and you are expecting everything to be second half loaded at this point in time whatever delta has been captured. Anything with Q2 we should think about? I mean do things just start to get normal from Q2 on or is there some impact from this Q1 falling into Q2 as well. 
Todd Bluedorn: The exact words that Joe used when he was talking about the lower margin business we expect to have, he referred to lower margin business as planned and our annual guidance is expected to primarily impact the first half of 2020.  So as you know, we don’t give quarterly guidance, but we in essence just did for first quarter, but there will be a lingering impact in the second quarter. So, the way I think about is, we spent quite a bit of time at the December Analyst Day, which obviously you were at, talking about the rebates and the different things we had to do to win back some of the lost share, and we start to lap that mid-year, although it will be most pronounced in the first quarter, there will be a lingering effect in the second quarter also. 
Deepa Raghavan: Alright, thanks very much. I’ll pass it on. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will comes from a line of Julian Mitchell from Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning. 
A - Todd Bluedorn: Hey Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Hey, maybe just a question on the commercial business, very good performance in terms of sales as well as incremental margins. So, just wondered if there was anything on the revenue line you’d call out that surprised you, and on the margin front you know the margin performance in commercial was a bit volatile quarter-to-quarter over the past sort of six, seven quarters. Do you think that we're now on a sustainable footing for steady margin expansion in commercial? 
Todd Bluedorn: First, on the revenue point, as you well know commercial, [indiscernible] commercial can be lumpy. We obviously – if you just look at one quarter, we obviously, significantly outperformed the market in the fourth quarter. That was driven, as you heard in Joe’s comments, you know a nice quarter in national accounts, nice quarter in new construction. That all doesn't repeat itself as we go into 2020 for the whole year, but we still think we're going to – you know we’d call for the market to be flat, maybe the market does a little bit better. I think momentum in commercial is stronger than what it was even a month ago when we had the December Analyst Day and our business is gaining share.  On the margin impact, our plan is that we're going to have more steady margin improvement in 2020. The item that really sort of bounced – two items that bounced around in 2019 was one, our factory performance and we've talked in some detail around that, the major driver being labor availability and we've addressed that in multiple ways that we've talked about in December, and then just the mix of the business and that can bounce around.  We do better, have higher profit with national accounts and so on a strong national account month like we did in the fourth quarter then, we see even stronger margins. But I would think the sine curve amplitude starts to dampen and it's an upward trend rather than an up and down trend.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you. And then my follow up would be on Residential. Just wondered, you know you talked in December about the lower margins or lower operating leverage coming through on some of that market share recapture. So even with that, you still had very good gross margins firm wide in Q4. So maybe just any update on how that incremental margin in resi is trending versus what you had thought?
Todd Bluedorn: No changes from what we talked about at the Analyst Day. So there was nothing in fourth quarter that materially changed. You know again, we changed [ph] the guide in mid-December, so we have a pretty good view of what was happening, and so everything I said in December is standing today.
Julian Mitchell: Great! Thank you.
A - Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question then is going to come from the line of Jeff Hammond. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, just on kind of share recapture progress, we're hearing in the channel you know people kind of discounting to hold on some of that borrowed share. Just what are you seeing and kind of what – you know where do you think share capture has you know kind of played out in the fourth quarter versus expectation?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean it played out broadly where we expected it to Jeff. I mean, we called it in December that we are going to get back 80% or so of the lost share, and we roughly did that in the first quarter and we're feeling pretty good about where we're at. I mean, as you know it's always a competitive marketplace, but broadly a disciplined structure. We announced price increases for 2020 that we're going to get $30 million of price, and that's net of any of this matching that we have to do to hang on or win back some of our lost share.  So, I know some of the sell-side notes, not yours, but others have sort of talked a little bit about it. I don't think it's much different than it's been in past years. Now we've called out that there is going to be some impact and our incrementals are 20%. So the normal 30% in 2020 that's part of this, but that's all accounted for in our guide.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then it sounds like some of the commercial issues in the plan are resolved and your margins are going to be more stable. Can you just speak to you know any kind of labor inflation inefficiencies in Refrigeration, Residential, and kind of how those play out through the year in terms of normalizing?
Todd Bluedorn: You know we feel – I think the guide that we gave – I must just check my fact-sheet here. We guided in December that we'd have $10 million of factory productivity in 2020. We had negative factory productivity. I think that's called inefficiency in 2019, and so we're feeling better about things across the enterprise, and so some of the initiatives I talked about, maybe specifically around commercial are moving more to full-time labor versus the temps, doing more level loading.  We've done that across the enterprise, as well as quite frankly have made some management changes and sort of streamed some talent into our factories to improve things and so we're feeling much better going into 2020. Obviously we need to do it, but we feel better at this point in the year than we've quite frankly felt the last couple of years.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. I don't know if I missed it, did you give independent versus company-owned distribution growth in 4Q?
Todd Bluedorn: We did not.
Jeff Hammond: Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not afraid to give it, so I'm just turning to make sure we got it. If I could find it, if someone can find it in the fact sheet, we'll call it. I think roughly they were the same in fourth quarter. We didn't have the outflows that we've had in prior quarters. Quite frankly, we just spiked it out in the script, but we'll dig that up and make sure we say it.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question then is going to come from the line of Nigel Coe from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, good morning. So hey Todd, so you mentioned the level loading back in December. Is this the way it's going to be going forward or is it because you know we've got a new setup at Marshalltown, maybe tight labor markets? Obviously you don't necessarily want inventory to build up too much, but is this - do you plan to level load more going forward?
Todd Bluedorn: Most likely the answer is yes, but I mean we have the flexibility to sort of adjust as need be. But I – again, there is a benefit quite frankly to inventory and cash management when we adjust up and down, especially when the sensitivity that we had around the labor force. You know we've always done quite frankly some amount of level loading. We never go to zero and then ramp back up, so in some ways it's on the margins and so we’ll retain some flexibility. But I think we'll most likely – unless labor loosens up, we'll most likely do it for a while.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great, that's great. And then Joe, I appreciate all the color on the bridge and the 1Q seasonality. Does the 1Q seasonality also embed a slightly weaker market growth in 1Q? And I'm just curious how January might have trended relative to 4Q.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean the guide or the earnings had nothing to do with revenue growth. It was the things that Joe talked about. It was gross margins, both around factory productivity and around the lower margin business.  January, what was a little soft, I mean the weather was warm. If you look at degree heating days, it was down 20% from a year ago. So January is a little soft, but look March is half the quarter, and March is much about dealer sentiments and confidence. At AHRI dealers are confident and we spend a lot of time with our dealers, their confidence. We just came out of a sales meeting, people are ready to go. So it's too early to be nervous about anything because of the weather. So you know we'll see how it goes, but first quarter guide didn't have anything to do with revenue.
Nigel Coe: Okay, thanks Todd. I appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Just to go back to the question that Jeff asked, we had the people in charge of the Iowa caucus print this out, sort of real-time. So our independent business was up high-single digits in fourth quarter, and our Lennox business was also up about the same. So they both had roughly the same growth rate, which is the overall growth rate.
Operator: Our next question then will come from line of Nicole DeBlase from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you saw with respect to backlog within Commercial and Refrigeration.
Todd Bluedorn: You know in commercial our backlog is relatively flat year-over-year. We sold a lot in fourth quarter and so it drained it a bit, so it's flat, slightly down. But again when we're looking at the order quoting activity, we still feel pretty good about 2020 in the first quarter. On Refrigeration, it's up slightly year-over-year. And again it's seasonally a light time to really be looking at backlog. It becomes a bit more important as we get into first quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it, thanks Todd. And then my follow-up is just around refrigeration margins. You guys saw that year-on-year expansion come through. It looks pretty good in the fourth quarter. Any like major drivers to call out or like sustainability of that level of improvement through 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: Again, it’s a similar conversation I had around Commercial. Our big issues – well slightly different. Our big issues in Refrigeration in 2019 around margins were one factory productivity or lack thereof. And just like commercial, I think that's now behind us both at our US factory and our European factories, and then the other issue in our Refrigeration business was a mix that we had a stronger year in our Europe business than our North America business and our North America business has higher margins. And the other issue year-over-year in 2020 was from, excuse me 2019. It was from 2018 to 2019. We had less of refrigerant allocation change that impacted us.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it, thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question then comes from line of Robert Barry from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Yeah, hey guys, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry: Do you actually have an estimate for how much the share recapture contributed to the revenue in 4Q for resi?
Todd Bluedorn: The way I calculate, and I don't have the math, the sheet in front of me, Robert, is take the impact from fourth quarter last year, the revenue that we guided to in order of magnitude, it's 80%. And so when I talk about the 80% share of gain, back, I look back a year and multiply times 0.8 and that's order of magnitude, the number that we've been talking about.
Robert Barry: Got it! And so with the difference between if we back that out and what you actually did versus a mid-single digit number, all the weather or do you think kind of the underlying fundamentals in the market are also just weaker. 
A - Todd Bluedorn: I think its exclusively weather is the short answer. If I understood the question right, but I think it's hard to sort of back us out that way. But I think if you look, I think about it this way. If you look at industry data, the market was flattish in the fourth quarter and so that's how I would think about what the market is. 
Robert Barry: Got it! And then I just did want to follow up on this comment about the – I guess the mix impacts of the share recapture to make sure I'm understanding that. It was my impression that the share that you lost because of the tornado was generally very rich mix. You know like 50-60 plus incrementals, but there'd be a lot of room for discounting and still have above average incrementals on that business as it comes back. Is that inaccurate or…
A - Todd Bluedorn: I think there is – some of the – I think it's a mix of the mix. So I think clearly there were some very high profitable and we saw the drop through on that, but there's also sort of this mid-tier deal or if you will that we had back and we’ve had detrimental margins because of it. 
Robert Barry: Got it! Alright, thanks guys. I'll pass it on. 
Operator: Our next question, it will come from the line of Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Pat Baumann: Hi! Good morning Todd. Good morning Joe. This is actually Pat Baumann on for Steve Tusa. Thanks for taking my question.  Just with regard to the lower margin business your winning back that’s first half weighted, can you update us on your assumptions for just the overall market share recaptured of resi in 2020 and the expected cost to you know win that share back, and then any reason why that's expected to be a first versus a second half thing. 
A - Todd Bluedorn: I’ll answer the first – or second part of the question first. It’s because we had already started gaining share back during the second half of the year, so it's really a lapping effect right. So we started gaining share back in the third quarter when the factories were fully running mid half of the year, and then fourth quarter I just called out that we in essence gained back the 80% and so it completely lapped in the fourth quarter and partially lapped in the third quarter, so the real impact is in first and second quarter.  You know and the guide is no different than what we talked about at the December Analyst Day that it’s a 20% incremental drop through and we went through at the December Analyst Day, the impact of that lower margin business and none of those guide points have changed. 
Pat Baumann: I guess with the first quarter margin softer in resi, I assume resi, so there’s definitely no change there your seeing about resi margins for the entire year. What is your guide on that for the year versus the 20% in 2019? I don’t think you gave a guide on the actual margin? Did you for resi? [Cross Talk] 
A - Todd Bluedorn: No, we don't give segment guides for margins and so the 20% was the incremental drop through for the corporation, but we hadn’t given a resi margin guide. 
Pat Baumann: Okay, but no change in – it’s just the profile of the year versus what we had in our models versus anything that you were expecting that's different. 
A - Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I mean the way I characterize what we talked about new here was we talked about both those effects, both the fact of productivity and lower margin business to some great detail at December. What we didn't do was calendarize it and we’re using this as an opportunity to revisit the exact same things we talked about. Full year impact hasn't changed, our assumptions haven’t changed, nothing's changed. We just want to be more transparent around the cadence of it during the calendar year quite frankly, so there wasn’t a disconnect between how investors were anticipating things and how we were anticipating things in 2020. 
Pat Baumann: Yeah, okay. Yeah I appreciate the color. Thanks for the time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question, it will come from the line of John Walsh from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
John Walsh : Hi, good morning. 
A - Todd Bluedorn: Hey, how are you John? 
John Walsh : Hey, so really good performance on the commercial side of the business. You know it sounds like from walking around HR, we're going to see a lot more competition in that space around kind of refreshed product, etcetera. One, I don't know if you agree with that characterization and then maybe what are you doing from a new product or pricing perspective as we think about commercial? 
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, we think we have a very, very good product line. Our altered emergence is the best in the market for high efficiency and our landmark and radar is as competitive as it gets in entry level. There's always a long – better stated, there's a time lag from people announcing that they have a new product to the market accepting and going.  You know I think one of the competitors you're talking about also sort of bragged about the new residential product line they were having a year or two years ago and I think in the fourth quarter they were down mid-single digits in York and residential. So there's a gap between we have a great new widget, to the market accepts the widget, your sales force can sell the widget, your sales force can inspect the widget. So we'll put our product against anyone in the market place. We’ll certainly put our unitary sales force, so yeah, I'm not worried that they had a big boost at the AHRI and are talking about new products. 
John Walsh : Got you, and then you know maybe you can just remind us obviously with VRF you have the partnership there. You know as we think about also heat pump versus kind of gas furnace, can you just remind us your mix there as we think about electrification? 
A - Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I don't know if we publicly talked about our mix with the heat pump, but we have a very strong heat pumps line-up. We view it as an intrical [ph] part of what we do and we make significant investments there and when we come out with new products we – the heat pump is part of it. So again, we’re as good as anybody with our heat pump product line and continue to make investments there. 
John Walsh : Great! Thank you.
A - Todd Bluedorn: Super! Thanks.
Operator: And at this time I have no further questions in queue. 
Steve Harrison: Thanks everyone. To wrap up, we're well positioned for a year of strong growth and profitability in 2020 and look forward to driving performance to another record year and I thank everyone for joining us today. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-21 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2019. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and requeue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Community meeting. The event will be held the morning of Wednesday, December 18, at New York City. Please mark your calendars, invitations and more details will follow. The meeting will also be webcast. Now let me turn the call today over to the Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me start with an overview on the third quarter, our view on the rest of the year and provide some thoughts on 2020. For the company, overall, in the third quarter GAAP and adjusted revenue was $1.03 billion. GAAP revenue was up slightly including 7% of headwind from the tornado and divestitures, 2% from the tornado and 5% from divestitures. Excluding the impact from divestitures, adjusted revenue was up 6%, including the 2% of negative impact from the tornado and set a new third quarter high. Foreign exchange was neutral to both GAAP and adjusted revenue. GAAP operating income was $157 million, up 8%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations rose 11% to a third quarter record $2.94. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit was up 15% to a third quarter record of $175 million and segment margin expanded 140 basis points to a third quarter record of 17%.Adjusted EPS from continuing operations is up 26% to a third quarter record of $3.34. In our Residential business revenue hit a new third quarter high of $638 million. Revenue was up 7% from the third quarter a year-ago in which the tornado damaged a major manufacturing facility and disrupted our high-end business. Revenue from the replacement business was up high single digits and revenue from new construction is up mid-single digits. Residential segment margin expanded 80 basis points to a third quarter record 19.8% and segment profit rose 12% to a third quarter record of $127 million. Residential business in the third quarter continued to face adverse weather conditions with cooler weather than last year in key swing regions and for the U.S overall. This was a significant headwind to Residential performance on the cooler and wetter weather of the second quarter. Residential revenue was negatively impacted $23 million or 4% from business not recovered following the tornado. Segment profit was negatively impacted $12 million, offset by $16 million of insurance recovery for lost profits. The net $4 million benefit to segment profit was $3 million below our guidance. For the full-year of 2019, we continue to expect $99 million of negative tornado impact to Residential revenue, a negative $54 million impact to segment profit, and insurance recovery for lost profits of $94 million. The resulting $40 million of net benefit to Residential segment profit in 2019 is unchanged. For the fourth quarter, we continue to expect an impact of approximately $14 million to revenue. We expect an $8 million negative impact on segment profit offset by approximately $20 million of insurance recovery for lost profits for net -- for a net benefit to segment profit of $12 million in the quarter. Taking a step back and looking at the big picture for both core and non-core related to the tornado, we continue to expect total insurance proceeds of approximately $372 million. We've received $262 million of that as of the end of third quarter and we're working towards receiving the remainder by the end of 2019. The 2019 non-core gain expected for the difference in book value and replacement value of assets remains approximately $91 million or a benefit of approximately $1.73 per share to GAAP EPS. A tornado financial chart is posted on the front page of the company website summarizing the guidance I just discussed. Turning to Commercial in the third quarter. Revenues was up 7% to $253 million. Commercial profit was up 5% to $47 million and segment margin was down 30 basis points to 18.6%. Commercial revenue in the third quarter was led by double-digit growth in national account equipment business. We won 13 new national account customers in the quarter across medical, fitness, entertainment, education, hospitality and retail end markets. Regional and local equipment revenue was up mid-single digits. Breaking out the business another way, Commercial new construction revenue was up high teens at constant currency and replacement revenue was up low single digits. Both planned and emergency replacement revenue were up low single digits. Our VRF business was up double digits in the third quarter. On the service side, Lennox national account service revenue was up mid-single digits. In Refrigeration, for the third quarter, adjusted revenue was flat at constant currency. North America revenue was up mid-single digits and Europe was down mid single digits. Adjusted segment profit was down 10% to $20 million and margin was down 130 basis points to 13.9%/. Looking at the end of 2019, we're now in the heating season and the fourth quarter is off to a nice start. We continue to expect top line growth and margin expansion year-over-year across each of our businesses to exit the year with strong momentum heading into 2020. For 2020, a few thoughts. Setting aside the adverse weather impact we saw in the summer months of 2019, underlying market conditions look solid, led by Residential and Commercial. We’ve regained about 85% to 90% of business impacted by the tornado and now -- have now pivoted back to company initiatives to win new market share in 2020 and the coming years. Many of the cost headwinds we saw in 2019 flip to tailwinds in 2020. We expect commodities to reverse from a $20 million headwind this year to a benefit next year. Likewise, we expect freight to moved from a $15 million headwind this year to a tailwind next year. As it stands today, we expect tariffs to still be a headwind in 2020, but less than the $10 million impact that we saw in 2019. We continue to take mitigating actions as well as -- as well to offset the tariff impact with price. Just as we capture price in 2019 for a 2% yield to full-year, we plan to capture additional price in 2020. We will continue to make investments and distribution expansion as well as information-technology and research and development, but generally plan to benefit from leveraging SG&A next year. And we will continue to drive our sourcing and engineering led cost reduction initiatives for similar order of magnitude savings as in prior years. Finally, we plan stock repurchases to maintain our debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.5x to 2x on a normalized basis. We will put numbers to all these elements for 2020 in our investment community meeting this December to just provide some color on our current views of 2020. Now let me turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I will provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was up 7% to a third quarter record $638 million. Volume was up 6%, price was up 1% and mix was flat. Foreign exchange was neutral. Residential profit was up 12% to a third quarter record $127 million. Segment margin expanded 80 basis points to a third quarter record 19.8%. Segment profit was favorably impacted by a $4 million -- by a net $4 million of benefit from insurance proceeds for lost profits relative to negative tornado impact in the quarter, which was $3 million less than our guidance. Segment profit benefited from higher volume, favorable price, lower material costs, favorable warranty and tariff rebates for prior periods. Partial offsets included cooler weather, the tornado impact, lower factory efficiency and higher other product costs, unfavorable mix and higher distribution, freight and SG&A expenses. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was up 7% to $253 million. Volume was up 4%, price was up 1% and mix was up 2% on the strength of national account growth. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit rose 5% to $47 million. Segment margin was down 30 basis points to 18.6%. Segment profit was favorably impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. Offsets included higher commodity and other product costs, tariffs, lower factory efficiency and higher distribution, freight and SG&A expenses. In the Refrigeration segment, adjusted revenue was $142 million, down 2%. Foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact on revenue. Volume was up 1%, price was up 1% and mix was down 2%. Adjusted segment profit was $20 million, down 10% and margin was 13.9%, down 130 basis points. Adjusted segment profit was impacted by lower factory efficiency, unfavorable mix, higher commodity and other product costs, tariffs, and higher SG&A expenses. Partial offsets included higher volume, favorable price, sourcing and engineering led cost reductions and lower freight costs. Regarding special items in the third quarter, the company had net after-tax charges totaling $15.3 million. This included $5.9 million for the partial advance in the second quarter of 2019 of insurance recoveries related to lost profits, $28 million for restructuring activities, $2.7 million for other tax items and a net charge of $1.9 million for various other items. Corporate expenses were $18 million in the third quarter compared to $28 million in the prior quarter. Overall SG&A on an adjusted basis was $143 million, flat with the prior year quarter. Adjusted SG&A was 13.9% and adjusted revenue down from 14.7% in the third quarter a year-ago. Net cash from operations in the third quarter was approximately $235 million compared to $266 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures, proceeds from the disposal of PP&E and proceeds of property damage totaled $24 million compared to $13 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was $211 million compared to $253 million in the prior year quarter. The company repurchased $150 million of stock and paid $30 million in dividends in the third quarter. Total debt was $1.45 billion at the end of September and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.2x. Cash and cash equivalents were $46 million ending the quarter. Now turning to our guidance for the company, overall for 2019. We're updating guidance for adjusted revenue growth from a range of 2.2% to 5% to a new range of 2% to 4%. We're updating GAAP EPS from continuing operations from a range of $11.91 to $12.51 to a new range of $10.65 to $10.95. This includes a non-cash pension settlement charge of approximately $28.9 million after-tax or approximately $0.73 a share that we expect to recognize in the fourth quarter of 2019. Similar to what we did in the second quarter, this pension settlement charge relates to an agreement, we entered into with Pacific Life Insurance company in October to annuitize $78 million of our defined benefit pension obligation. As part of this transaction, we also transferred $75 million in pension assets to Pacific Life. This event required a re-measurement of the pension plan and resulted in a non-cash $28.9 million after-tax settlement charge we expect in the fourth quarter to write-off the related accumulated actuarial losses. We continue to expect a pre-tax gain of $91 million in 2019 related to factory construction costs and the associated gain from replacement value above book value. For adjusted EPS from continuing operations, we're updating guidance for a range of $11.30 to $11.90 to a new range of $11.15 to $11.45. Now let me run through the other key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2019. First, the guidance elements we're updating. For price, we still expect a 2% yield for the full-year, but with lower volumes through the summer season this now equates to $75 million versus the prior guidance of $80 million. Corporate expense is now expected to be approximately $85 million, down from our prior guidance of $90 million, primarily due to lower bearable compensation. Free cash flow is now expected to be approximately $320 million for the year compared to guidance of $390 million. The change is due to approximately $15 million of lower earnings and $55 million of inventory. Given the tight labor market for manufacturing employees instead of reducing direct labor as is typical for a cooler summer, we decided to be more level loaded -- we decided to more level load production from the Iowa factory and pre-build some product for 2020, which will burn off over the course of the year. For the 2019 guidance elements that remain the same. We still expect a $25 million benefit from sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. We continue to expect $20 million -- a $20 million headwind on a full-year basis from commodities. We still expect $15 million of headwind from freight and $10 million from tariffs. We continue to expect headwinds of $15 million for distribution investments and $15 million from SG&A. Net interest expense is still expected to be approximately $45 million and we still expect an effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 23% on an adjusted basis for the full-year, most likely on the low-end of that range. The weighted average diluted share count for the full-year is still expected to be between 39 million to 40 million shares, which incorporates the $400 million of stock we repurchased this year. And finally, we still -- still plan approximately $155 million of capital expenditures with $55 million of that funded from insurance proceeds. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of  Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Maybe just the first question on the Residential business. Just give us some updates, Todd, on how happy you are with the Commercial side of things in terms of sales and market share traction? And also within resi, any update? It still looks on incremental margins over the next 12 or 18 months. You’ve got perhaps more efficient refreshed operations now in Marshalltown and some tailwinds or normalized cost environment. So just wondered how will that roll together to overall resi incrementals?
Todd Bluedorn: On the small C, commercial side, I think we're satisfied where we are at is the way I would put it. I think we are happy with the end markets. I mean, the consumer still feel -- still strong adjusting for the tornado impact, while revenue in resi was up 7 and we had negative 4 of tornado impacts up a 11, if you just for that. So, I think the end markets still feel strong -- or consumer still feel strong. And then what we guided at last call of recovering 85% to 90% of the tornado impact, that’s still where we are at. That’s -- where we will end the year at. In fourth quarter, we're a little less than that and third quarter if you go through all the math more or like 75% and we will end the year at 85% to 90% of it recovered. In terms of the drop through, I think everything you said is true. I think the numbers will be clouded by the fact that the $40 million of net insurance recovery was a one-time item in '19. But if you strip that off, the things you talked about are true and then I'd lay on top of that given some the softness because of weather in second and third quarter, we’ve taken some action on the SG&A side and cost-containment as we go into 2020. And so I think that will help the margin drop through also.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then my second and last question just around the Commercial segment, capital C. You lowered the end market outlook, a touch for North America back on the last earnings call, good revenue numbers today in Commercial, I think particularly in the new construction or OE side. So maybe just give any updates about different verticals, we were surprised by what's happening in Commercial. Any color on backlogs?
Todd Bluedorn: Going into fourth quarter our backlog is up slightly in the Commercial segment. I mean, we had a really good third quarter, but it was chunkiness of some large national accounts as you saw in the script that it was driven more by new construction and replacement growth. And again, that’s just timing year-over-year differences. So pleasantly surprised in the third quarter. Again, the verticals that are hanging in there most for us, believe or not, continue to be retail as a both build and replace small office buildings. So, entertainment, theaters and light healthcare. So those verticals continue to stand up and we were pleasantly surprised in the quarter.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we will go to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Just going back on kind of the moving pieces with insurance recovery in the lost EBIT. So I guess on the $54 million of lost EBIT in '19, what -- just given some of the share recapture that you're not getting, how much of that do you expect to get back ultimately and what’s some of the mix dynamics?
Joseph Reitmeier: I would pausing to make sure I thought about that right way. I would -- out of the $54 million for lost profits, I’m going to sort of fire from the hip and say -- oh, I will look over a 2-year period. So I look at what we lost in '18 and what we lost in '19 and we are going to get 70% -- we are going to get 85% to 90% of that back, both on revenue and on profit. So I would look nearly at the $54 million. I'd have to look at sort of 2 years combined and say we’re going to get 75% or 85% to 90% of that back. That's the average, Steve?
Steve Harrison: Yes.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. There's no mix dynamic from that being an higher mix share that you're not getting fully back, or …?
Joseph Reitmeier: No, I think over the longer-term, the mix will be fine. I mean, we will guide it all in 2020. I think there's some absorption and productivity issues that were buried in that $54 million that may not come back, but it will be absence of badness is goodness is one way to think about it.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just a couple on Refrigeration. One maybe just give us a view of the demand outlook into 2020. And I think you mentioned some manufacturing inefficiencies. Just talk about what's going on that? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, in Refrigeration on an end market, we were flat in third -- revenue was flat in third quarter. What we're seeing in North America is the market continues to be hanging in there low single digits, we were up mid-single digits for the quarter. Europe, we're seeing some slowdown, specifically in Germany where we’ve a process cooling business where auto is a large vertical. And as everyone understand that’s slowing down and even in our commercial HVAC business, which is predominately France and Spain, we’ve seen some slowdown. So this continues to bubble along in North America, slowing down in Europe. And then I think there was a question about factory productivity. The issue that we’re seeing in Resident and Refrigeration and then also quite frankly in Commercial is a very tight labor market where our factories are located at. Refrigeration in North America, it's Georgia. In Commercial, it's Arkansas and in the product, the lack of improved efficiency year-over-year in the factory in large part it's driven by the labor scarcity, it's hard to find and hold on to folks and that's impacting what we can do in the factories around productivity.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Couple of question. So first, I just want to understand the resi profit performance a little bit better, since I’ve missed my model. So is the story simply lower absorption and unfavorable mix and that was offset by positive price cost. Is there anything else to think about?
Todd Bluedorn: No, that’s -- I mean, ahead of the Q&A here and you answered it, but I will rattle through, so everybody hears it directly from me. I mean, the margin has been down 300 basis points adjusted for the tornado, really two major drivers you hit them. One is mix, down year-over-year and a big driver of that is our entry-leveled Allied business that has lower margins was up over 20% in Q3, much less impacted by the tornado than what our Lennox business was and also some mix down quite frankly with some customers. And the second was factory productivity due to lack of absorption. Joe talked about on the cash side that we allow the Marshalltown, Iowa factory to continue to throttle level load. But our other North America factories we had to take down production because of Q2 and Q3 we had pretty significant negative absorption that impacted margins. And those are the two major drivers.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. All right. Well, you sort of answered my next question. So, we should be looking at the unfavorable mix to sort of a one-off this quarter, we wouldn't extrapolate that into 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: I wouldn’t extrapolate it into 2020. I think what we will do is we’re -- we are going to snap a new baseline and we move forward and I think mix will improve. In fact, our guide will be for mix to improve next year.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. And then just lastly, maybe just a little color by geography would be helpful, most interested in the Midwest and Southeast, if you can give us anything.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The key swing regions where we saw the most impact from weather was the Northeast and the upper Midwest. And if you look at degree cooling days since July and August where it really mattered, it was down about 10% and that's sort of the swing areas. Chicago up to Pennsylvania through Ohio up into the Northeast and those were down and had an impact on our revenue. Sort of on the flip side, you look head of state like Texas, cooling degree days were up 9% in Q3 and our revenue was up 10%. So, again, just like in second quarter, where it's cooler, revenue was down. Unfortunately, we're more skewed towards the north than others and where we had warm weather, we -- revenue was up significantly.
Ryan Merkel: Perfect. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next is the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So just want to kind of be clear on this resi margin dynamic. You’re saying that there are things that will flip or at least turn next year. I mean, it sounds though like it would have been worse if you didn't run your factories and kind of level load over time. So shouldn't that be somewhat of a material headwind next year? So, I mean, are we talking about more of a, okay, this will improve off of a lower base, but not necessarily flip next year? So just trying to kind of understand what are the kind of one-time items and on a kind of a net basis, how should we think about this? Maybe just some color around, hey, this on a net basis, it should have been -- the margins would have been 50 basis points higher or something like that to give us some idea given all the moving parts here for next year?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, let me directly answer the absorption point. We did one factory that accounts for about 25% of our hours and we level loaded, more level loaded when we normally do. I’d also tell you that it's sort of -- it came down. It just didn’t come down as much as the volume would have -- better stated, production was down year-over-year but it wasn't down as much as the volume with the demand that we do it. And then the other 75%, which is our other three factories in North America, we took those down. And so, sort of on a year-over-year basis, it's going to be more sort of avoidance of bad news and it's going to be having a tough comp year-over-year, if that makes sense. And then, I think I’ve understood your question and I probably won't give you so much granularity as you might want, but if order of magnitude of our margins were down 300 basis points in resi year-over-year adjusting for tornado, order of magnitude about 40%, 45% of that was mix, about 40%, 45% of that was factory productivity and then there were sort of knits and gnats of other things that I won't bother to call out.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. I guess when we kind of -- why are we -- haven't we kind of anniversaried the tornado comp? I mean, why are we still calling out kind of like lost profits and lost sales from this -- at this stage of the game?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I mean, because we guided for 2019, we thought it would be sort of chicken halfway through the year, if we are talking about it. So we won't talk about it going into 2020, but we gave full-year guidance, we thought it was appropriate to continue to guide through the year.
Steve Tusa: Got it.
Todd Bluedorn: Number one. Number two is sort of the impact of the tornado didn’t follow a calendar that 12 months afterwards everything was completely gone. We guided at the beginning of the year or when the tornado happen that was just going to be order of magnitude an 18-month recovery and that's sort of the guides that were given.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Any update on the consolidation dynamics over the next 12-months? Any update there on how you're viewing that, or no real change?
Todd Bluedorn: No real change.
Steve Tusa: HVAC consolidation?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, we -- as you know, think the industry could benefit from consolidation, we’d love to participate. And it's going to require others to sort of make a similar calculation that we'd love to participate.
Steve Tusa: Got it. Okay. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to Robert McCarthy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I can. Hey, Rob.
Robert McCarthy: Good. Well, I guess, moving on from chicken shit, let's talk about the fourth quarter dynamics, or actually it might be doubling down. Could you talk maybe -- you talked about the strength in the fourth quarter and then also some of the dynamics around the season in terms of obviously anecdotally, I think cooling degree -- excuse me, heating degree days should probably be up given some of these episodic events we've been seeing so far in the month and then also, obviously, the compare in association with the disruption last year. Can you talk about kind of the factors and how that’s shaping up at least qualitatively for the fourth quarter in your Residential business?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, high level it's -- the elements that you talked about, I said were up to a nice start, which is a calibrated word. We're halfway into the first month and things look good, but when you think about the months and the quarter, it's in essence a third in the third this year between October, November and December for us. And so there's still a lot of work to do. I think the important thing to get through in October is this sort of bridge period. And what I mean by that is it's not really cool enough for dealers to rush out by furnaces, so in some ways, they’re buying on faith and sentiment. And the fact that we're off to a nice start in the case of the dealers are still confident and feel good about things as they go into the furnace selling season. And then as we get deeper into the furnace -- furnaces selling season, November and certainly December, then it's more about the weather driving demand. But, yes, we feel pretty good about things, but there's still long way to go for the quarter.
Robert McCarthy: As a follow-up, I mean, you said some tantalizing things about obviously your rise at -- in growth at Allied and obviously some of that’s due to comps tornado disruption, but you did cite anecdotally some trade down there. Obviously, the cycle still looks good, because excluding kind of the tornado impact you’re kind of comping to close to double-digits. But are you seeing anything on the horizon that’s getting you incrementally nervous about consumer replacement as a whole?
Todd Bluedorn: No, and I wouldn't. The Allied point was to mathematically -- explain the mix down. It's not to make a point that overall the consumers mixing down, it just explains our math. I mean, our growth in Allied's across the Board a great story. We are converting distributors from our competitors sort of all the noise of some of our competitors about investments that they are making, is the business going to be sold. How is it going to be handled, allows us to convert this distributors from others, competitors over to our business and that's all good news for us. It's just -- we don't sell Dave Lennox Signature series, we don't sell 26 SEER in Allied. We don’t sell sort of all the high-end products. But net-net it's incremental to our margins, our EBIT margins and very good business for us, and we're just doing very well there.
Robert McCarthy: So actually it's more of a share story given the disruption we are seeing with some of your competitors with these …
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean -- yes, that's exactly. So we have the tornado overhang on Lennox, but our Allied business doesn't have that and so all the initiatives that we've talked about are paying off there and we are gaining share.
Robert McCarthy: All right. The last question, I don't want to delve too much into political views, because probably not particularly helpful on a call for a variety of reasons. But given the fact that we could be seeing perhaps some more progressive administration and policies over the next -- with the next election cycle, is there anything that's been on the drawing board for energy efficiency or increased standards of global warming being accelerated, anything around code, standards or practices that could be very stimulative to your business across the board, or anything you would cite?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think the point I would make, and again, in the spirit of being a political is as a business person and certainly in our industry, having clarity and advance warning on regulations is critical. And so quite frankly you tell us the rule book and give us enough advance warning, we will play by it and make good money off it. The danger is when things change quickly and swing one way or another that causes problems. And so I would expect whatever new policies could put in place whoever wins the election, I would hope we'd have advanced warning and clarity of what the changes are going to be.
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for your time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Robert Barry with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Robert Barry: I just wanted to follow-up on a few earlier things. First, you touched on the weather helping some places, hurting others. Was there a kind of net estimate for what it impacted you buy in the resi segment in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: We didn’t -- it's hard to know, Robert. We didn't even do that. So I don't think we did that in second quarter. Net-net, it was degree cooling days were down about 5% or so for the quarter and especially in the swing areas that that's where it hurt us.
Robert Barry: Got it. And I know you -- I think touched on this briefly earlier, but the price in resi kind of stepping down from what was four last quarter to just one this quarter, what was driving that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's just lapping on the price increase. We had a midyear price increase last year where we sort of jammed it hard, and we lapped that. And so now we're just, if you will, comping against the beginning of the year price increase, which is a more traditional yield of 1, 1.5.
Robert Barry: Got it. So when we think about price for 2020, you seem confident, you will get some, but it sounds like that should be a pretty modest expectation, is that fair?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think, I go back two years where we had significant commodity deflation and the markets were strong. We still got a half a point of price. And so I -- my expectations would be that’s absolutely the floor, but I think we will do better than that.
Robert Barry: Got it. And then I just wanted to clarify how to read the comment about the $23 million impact from the tornado on the resi revenue. Is that how much you are still bound since before the tornado?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. I'm turning to people making sure that’s the answer, yes.
Robert Barry: So I think like last year you had a headwind of $50 million. You clawed back an implicit $27 million, so you're still down $23 million?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Robert Barry: Got it. And so that $27 million versus the $50 million implies about just over 50% recovery?
Todd Bluedorn: I think if you add the two years together. I'm looking at the data, to make sure I got it right. I'm sorry, I don't have that.
Robert Barry: This is the first year of the recovery?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, when I did the math on the third quarter and I added the two together, I got about 65%. So I will double check the math and we will make sure we gave it to you right.
Robert Barry: Right. Well just to clarify, when you say you expect to get 85% to 90% back over, how much time is that?
Todd Bluedorn: We are expecting as we go in the fourth quarter when you do the math over 2-year period, you look what we lost fourth quarter last year, what we lost fourth quarter of this year. And then how much of it we clawed back, it will be about 85% to 90%.
Robert Barry: Got it. And this $23 million -- sorry, for all the questions on this. The $23 million that is kind of the second year of lost impact here, is that going to be covered by insurance or at what …
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Robert Barry: … what point? Okay. So if next year you're still down 10%, 15%, like where do you just kind of snap the line and it's just the insurance won't recover, won't pay, is that still up for debate?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We are expecting to have full insurance recovery by the end of the year and we are in negotiations with them about what's transpired so far and then what we're projecting will happen in the future and that's sort of all in the guide that we've given. Now -- so we will work that through with our insurance providers who I assume are listening. In terms of our guidance, going into 2020 and Steve and I sort of talked a little bit about that, when we go in 2020, we're not going to talk about tornado anymore, we will snap the line at the end of '19 on public guidance. And so we will give revenue and we will give EBIT and we will talk about misses and over achievements and tornado won't come up after the end of the year.
Robert Barry: Got it. And sorry, just one more. Do you know what year-to-date you're kind of ex tornado margin is -- in resi, I'm calculating like just above '18, but …
Todd Bluedorn: I'm turning to the guys. We can get you that answer, Robert, I don't have that math right in front of me.
Robert Barry: Yes. Because I was just curious if your expectation would be that next year, whatever that number is, would that be up, flat or down?
Todd Bluedorn: Our sense is, it should be up year-over-year.
Robert Barry: All right. All right. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to good Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: Couple of questions. First, I was wondering on parts plus rollouts, what's the expectation for the number? How many have you done this year and what do you expect in next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm turning to someone to make sure I got the right number for this year. So on a year-to-date basis, we’ve done a handful this year sort of relatively flat, that we've opened a couple of stores, closed a couple of stores. As we go into 2020, we're still finalizing what we want to do for new store build. I think majority of new stores, next year most likely will be second half of the year. We are also aggressively just looking at, now that we are up to 200, how many stores we have?
Joseph Reitmeier: 236.
Todd Bluedorn: Now they were up to -- around 240 store -- 240 stores. We are also sort of looking at what we should prune and what we should get out of and we've identified some stores that were closing between now and the end of the year, because they’re just not covering, they’re not a handful stores, so there will be -- those would be some sort of net eliminations and then some additional stores added.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. In terms of the national account business in Commercial, what sort of -- is the pipeline of opportunity, there is still as robust as it appear to have been going into the third quarter? Just curious, like what are the forward indicators there?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean as I called out earlier, backlogs up slightly in our Commercial business. When we entered the quarter it was up from memory, high single-digits. Customer is still strong, they are still spending money. I think it's -- I don't think I know this time of year, we do some business mostly planned replacement at this point, very little new construction or less new -- excuse me, new construction. And they're looking towards the Christmas -- many of our retail customers towards the Christmas selling season decide what they're going to do. So I think net-net it's still solid. I think it's less solid maybe than it was a year-ago. I don't know about quarter-over-quarter because of the macroeconomic uncertainty. And so there is some risk there, but customers still feel pretty solid.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just to round out your comment on pricing, getting some net price next year in resi, have you seen or do you anticipate any change in competitive behavior with Ingersoll splitting with Carrier, splitting what have you? Just anything that you've seen or that you are starting to be concerned about incrementally?
Todd Bluedorn: No, haven't seen any changes. Don't expect any changes on that dimension, I mean the people who -- maybe a part of a larger conglomerate or not, they understand that they need the price to offset commodity increases and labor shortages and all the thing, freight and tariffs and all the things we have to price for. And so I -- we are confident, we are going to get price and I don't think the industry dynamics are going to change.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Joe one last one, Q4 tax rate …
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes.
Gautam Khanna: … just making sure we are conforming what are you guys implying there?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, for the full-year, I think we will be slightly above the 22% rate, but for the full-year it will be closer to 22%. So that's what I would expect in the fourth quarter.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Hey, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Deepa.
Deepa Raghavan: Couple of questions for me. So still a pretty wide range coming into Q4, especially since it's a nice start. Just curious what's embedded in the high-end versus low-end, especially for Residential growth? I mean your resi mix margins should get better, you're going into the seasonally margin in a higher margin furnace sales season. I guess where I'm trying to go this is -- is there any scenario where you might have lost some furnace demand because of the limited pre-buy that happened in spring? And also maybe you have this lower overall dealer recapture, any impact? How do I think about the lower end versus higher end given your range?
Todd Bluedorn: Hi. Short answer to the back end of the question, no, we don't think we've lost, other than the tornado impact that we publicly called out over and over again, we are not losing furnace share, in fact, when we look at the numbers the public numbers in July and August we think, we're doing well and it's sort of tracking the way we'd expect it to. So I don't think there is any concern there. I think the range on the high-end, it's, we -- residential markets -- we start revenues a little stronger than what we think it might be or could be or better stated the midpoint of our guidance adjusted. And so I think the real swing is Residential revenue. I don’t -- it's not really mix, it's Residential revenue.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. That's helpful. My follow-up is, Todd, how do we think about your market share gains going forward, just given your experience with this dealer recapture coming in slightly below expectation. Is the 50 bps of share gain, still what you're planning albeit from the lower base? Just curious if that's the case, what would -- what drives that confidence now and especially as you're lapping all these stronger market share gains that cumulatively that cumulatively -- you’ve accumulated cumulatively over the years? Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Our guide will be half a point of market share. And I get confidence because of strategies that we focused on, continue to work, I think building out distribution, we've taken a pause for that and I suggested we will take a bit more of a pause as we go into beginning of 2020, but that's still a strategy that works. The significant investments we're making on supporting our dealer network through e-commerce and prognosis and diagnostics with our iComfort controllers, our ability to support the dealer on our LennoxPROs portal, all those things are still working. All the investments we make are significant having to put the best product lines. So the strategy still work and we're making significant investments to growth and even in this tornado year, we've continued to make investments and we will see those benefits in 2020. And so, there is a sort of -- and also just quite frankly, we've done our best, even though the numbers have sort of moved around the bit to be a bit of a duck [ph], right? So what we publicly show is every -- or the sailing is clear and we are gliding. But underneath the team has been pedaling very hard and pedaling very hard and going lots of work to offset the tornado, and take care of customers and work through compliance and manage inventory levels to get the right product to the right people and handle a lot of negative phone calls. All that's now goes away because we have the product we can support everybody, and all of a sudden you snap a line and you're back on the offense, rather than on the defense and that's now behind us and so we're doing all the work now quite frankly with many of our customers to convert new dealers to win in 2020 and we're focused on doing that. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Nicole.
Nicole DeBlase: Hey. So I guess just two questions around margins into 4Q. On the Commercial segment, I think the expectation was for a return to year-on-year expansion in 3Q, you kind of talked about the reasons why we didn't see that. But can we see Commercial return to year-on-year margin expansion in the fourth quarter? And then, similar question with Refrigeration since the comp gets so easy?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We expect both Commercial and Refrigeration margins to be up year-over-year in fourth quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And then around price cost, I think you guys had a, like a $17 million positive impact in the second quarter and you expected that to be a high watermark, can you just give us a sense of what the price cost impact to us for 3Q and whether it steps down or remain similar in the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't have that number handy, so I'm turning to Steve, to see if he has it.
Steve Harrison: [Indiscernible].
Todd Bluedorn: I think the short answer is, the price element of price cost will be roughly the same in the third quarter -- third and fourth quarter. And then the impact from commodities continues to trail-off in fourth quarter. So my guess is, we might even be a little bit more positive price cost in fourth quarter than what we were in third quarter.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. Thanks, I will pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay.
Operator: Next, we go to line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, just two quick ones from me. First, I appreciate kind of moving on from the tornado, but if you end up having residual insurance recoveries, kind of just cleaning up the loose ends, will you disclose and let those -- let us know what those are in 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: Absolutely. Yes, I mean we're going to be completely transparent on the insurance. We won't pad our number with insurance. We will let you know.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. I appreciate that. And then just on the free cash flow, $70 million cut on a $10 million net income cut at the midpoint, is that $60 million all the inventory we're talking about, or is there something else going on there?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean when we -- we lowered the cash guide from $390 million to $320 million as Joe said in his call, I think he said this in his call it's $15 million of that is from lower earnings. So just we are making less money because the earnings went down. And then $55 million is from the inventory and then as Joe talked about that's tied to the tight labor market, it's having more level loaded production of Marshalltown or Iowa factory. And then -- because typically what we would have done would have been or the play -- the tax book if you manage just purely for working capital would have been -- we would have throttle down in August, and then we would have had to throttle back up in January -- December, January it start getting ready for the cooling season, to union workforce and its tight labor market. And so the thought and it's fragile because we just got everything up and running -- the thought of ramping down, having everyone bid out on new jobs reshuffling everybody. And then three months later ramping back up, finding workers reshuffling all the union jobs again, just seems so disruptive to the business. And so the -- and we are not making lettuce. And so everything we're building, we're just building a three or four months early. So one way to think about this is everything being equaled. Cash -- because of inventory will go down by $55 million in '19, but everything being equal, whatever you had in your model will go up by $55 million in 2020 as we burn off that inventory.
Jeffrey Sprague: And just thinking about kind of the rebuilt footprint, if you will, I mean your inventory turns were drifting down a little bit before we got the tornado, obviously they're lower now on all this disruption. But where do you think you can get your turns to -- once we kind of stabilize everything?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, we are going to continue to focus on it. I mean, I haven't publicly given an inventory target or a turn target. I think it's -- I tend to think about it more as -- it's a competitive weapon for us to build our distribution, to build our part stores. We want to keep our turns relatively flat or slightly improving, we certainly don't want them deteriorating like they have been over the last year because it's tornado. But when the cost of debt is so cheap, if we can gain, if it's a driver of gaining half a point of market share and we can win new customers with inventory as a distributor product business, we're going to focus on that. So short answer is, we haven't publicly given the target, but -- and we think about it, but I think more in the whole context of total shareholder return.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joseph Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Joseph Ritchie: So my first question is just on the commodity tailwind that you alluded to earlier in your prepared comments, Todd. So just any color that you can provide us on how much of the -- how much of your commodity tailwind next year is going to be copper and whether you're locking in a certain percentage of that this year?
Todd Bluedorn: When the commodities that we buy in order of importance are steel, copper and aluminum. And steel, we have some fixed pricing, but most of it is variable tied [ph] to market pricing during the prior quarter that we think at a discount on. Copper and then aluminum we hedge or tactically use forward contracts. And 12 months out, we're about 50% hedged, and so we're -- I don't know the exact number, but above 50% hedged. I think at this point for 2020, that we're locking in some of the benefits already.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then just maybe touching on freight a little bit, any qualitative comments you can talk about on obviously a $15 million headwind this year, but what you're seeing in the freight market and how that could swing potentially next year?
Todd Bluedorn: A couple of things. One is, we made some system investments in our freight transportation to have better visibility on freight, and I think that's going to help us. I think more fundamental is a softening in the freight market overall, and I think we will be beneficiaries of that as others aren't. So the thinking is, we're in a process and in negotiating rates for next year. And so we will know more as we negotiate those rates. But we look at spot pricing, what's happening in the marketplace where it was a year-ago, it reflects to slowdown in some segments of the economy, auto, for example, which is a major driver of freight rates in North America, and we think we will be a beneficiary of that.
Joseph Ritchie: And could you just quickly remind us how much of your freight cost is spot versus contracted?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't think I've ever publicly said that, if I had -- guess I'd say, it's 75% contract, 25% spot, but that's a bit of a wild-ass guess.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Todd Bluedorn: I feel like President Trump has sworn twice in a conference call.
Joseph Ritchie: I will get back in queue. Thanks again.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: I was wondering if you could help out a little bit with the sequential dynamic on mix and resi. So I understand whether kind of played a role in both quarters, obviously at a little bit more time to get your feet underneath you, but anything specifically that we should read into kind of the 2Q to 3Q margin progression? Anything about the market that was heavier on the mix side, or would have shown up in one quarter versus another, and maybe help kind of triangulate that dynamic?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, I mean I think we had some mix headwinds last quarter or two. And so I don't think it was -- we had positive mix last -- I don't think we had -- I think we had negative mix last quarter also similar dynamics. It just didn't rise to the level that we spent a whole lot of time talking about it. So, no, I don’t -- I think the other piece would be the part that I called out, that Allied growth was dramatic this quarter and that's just a timing of new distributors that they signed on and when they got the business. And so I think it's, I think it's more about Allied than anything that was happening in Lennox.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And would price cost have been better sequentially. I know you probably don't want to begin it to have the long-term. Just I would imagine directionally though, that was probably better?
Todd Bluedorn: I think price cost is better in second quarter than third quarter, because we hadn't lap the midyear price increase, yet. So I think costs were better in third quarter than second quarter. But from memory, we had 4% of price in resi last quarter and we have a little bit over 1% this quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just one last one from me. I mean we hear a lot about good amount of inventory being out there in the channel, more competitively than necessarily something specific to Lennox, but has that it at all kind of impair the ability to regain share that maybe there is just too much inventory to go after folks this quarter and should that normalize in the next year and make the work easier?
Todd Bluedorn: I would broaden -- thematically, I will agree with you, but I will broaden the answer a little bit and just say, it's always tougher to gain share in a soft market than a more robust market. And so certainly even more so in second quarter than in third quarter, that hindered some of the gaining back some of the customer business, because of this tougher to do that in a down market, because the other guys is focused, as you are hanging on the things. And again as Robert, I went back and forth, I mean, where we're not to the 85% yet, but our guide is that in fourth quarter we back to have 85% and 90% of the lost revenue gain back and they were all in the 2020.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Understood. Appreciate the color. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Next, we go to the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning. So a lot of ground covered just maybe finer points on a few questions. As we think about the free cash flow bridge into next year. I just want to make sure we're understanding it or I'm understanding it correctly. But we're going to have -- we had from last quarter some push out of CapEx that went from '19 into '20. And then we're going to have this kind of inventory dynamic from this quarter, anything else to be mindful -- were those the two big moving pieces of the bridge?
Todd Bluedorn: I think those are the two moving pieces of the bridge, I'm looking at Joe to make …
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, those are the big pieces you got.
John Walsh: Okay. And then I guess also around the earlier question about Refrigeration margins, you do have the easy comp, anymore finer point you can put on that? Should we think about normal sequential decrementals, or do you want to kind of throw a range out there just to help with the modeling because it can move around?
Todd Bluedorn: For Refrigeration?
John Walsh: Correct, yes, for Q4.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. No, it's the short answer, sorry, John. Again, I think as you said, we had a tough -- we have a much easier comp or we have an easy comp over last year. And we think the margins are going to be up in fourth quarter even on relatively flat revenue.
John Walsh: Got you. And then maybe just one last one here from a high level, as you think about the regulatory environment, a couple of questions earlier on that. I mean should we just think about it as kind of a steady drumbeat of kind of change pushing towards higher efficiency than really anything on the horizon that might be a step function change? Is that the correct way to think about it?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, that's how we think about it, I mean I think anything is possible. But certainly the way the industry has worked with a few minor exceptions over the last 30, 40 years has been a constant increase in efficiency, a constant improvement and the type of refrigerant that we use. And we typically have five, I think by large four years that we have to have advanced warning, and sometimes, oftentimes we have more than that. And again, as long as we know, we can work through the technology with our supplier partners to do what we need to do.
John Walsh: All right. I appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Thanks.
John Walsh: All right. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks, guys. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Hey, so just -- I mean, I hate to use the word tornado again, I think we're already at record levels here. But adjusting for the lost market share in 3Q last year, 3Q this year, so roughly 3% like-for-like growth in Residential. Number one, is that kind of like in line with what you're thinking? How does that compare to the markets? And I'm not sure you actually talk about what you thought the actual market did. And if you did, I'm sorry for missing it, but how is that 3% compared to the market?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not sure what the market is going to do. I would -- I think that, I have some math down here somewhere, but when I think about the year, this sort of the 2-year growth, it's about 4%, 5% revenue growth over a 2-year period. And that I think that's obviously less than the market, but that reflects the share loss that we got because it's tornado.
Nigel Coe: Okay. So you think -- so you are saying 3% would be better than the market this quarter? I mean, I think most people would see this going to be factor down this quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we're going to see. Watsco announced earlier, we're certainly in line with them.
Nigel Coe: Yes. Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: For the [indiscernible], and then we will see what the others do.
Nigel Coe: And just going back to the Allied's performance, 20% up for Allied since. It looks like the core Lennox was probably flattish, that differential between the two brands is that's what we've seen in the past, or I mean, again, just thinking about this potential mix shift with the consumer, but is that differential unusual in time?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, but again I think what -- I mean it reflects two things, it reflects the tornado impact primarily in the Lennox brand and sort of all the disruption associated with that. And then it shows the lumpiness of selling through independent distribution, and so when Allied gained shares because they have converted a large distributor and significant share accrues with that. And so being up 20% in the quarter just reflects the timing of converting distributors.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then a final one for me. The commercial markets is obviously a lot of bull, bear dues on -- on that market, more bears than bulls. What is your view as we go into 2020 on Commercial construction and Commercial HVAC? Flat backlogs you had an easy comp this quarter compared to last quarter, but how do you think about that market in 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: We will true everything up in December. I think it's -- I think flat sort of the best scenario we can think off. But we will give better guidance when we get closer to the -- at the December Analyst Day.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And our final question is a follow-up from Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Sorry for the follow-up. I just listening to kind of all the puts and takes and just kind of like -- looking at the model a bit. With the insurance dynamics and then all the other kind of nits and gnats that you highlighted, can you guys -- do you think you will be able to kind of grow earnings in 2020? I mean is that kind of a base case assumption that you will grow earnings in 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I mean, let me just refresh the math for others. For 2020, we've to adjust the $40 million net benefit for insurance recovery -- that was above lost profits for '19, so that means of operationally were $40 million better than we have flat profits year-over-year. Short answer is, our targets to look to grow earnings, but we will guide all that on the 2020 call.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last one, just on resi, is an unreasonable way to look at it, to look at kind of the 2017 base? And then just kind of assume where we're going to assume on growth for 2020, and then take those two and apply like a 30% to 35% incremental margin on that, or is the business somehow meaningfully different? And there will be different headwinds and tailwinds on kind of that -- kind of just taking the tornado impacts out entirely? Is that a bad way to look at it?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, the way I would build the model would -- I would do it that way. I would take out all the tornado stuff, I would look at '17 as a base case and then I would look at the 2020 revenue. I think, I might have a closer to 30% than 35%. But I would start there.
Steve Tusa: Excellent. All right. Thanks for the color guys. Appreciate it as always.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we will be turning the conference back to you Mr. Harrison.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. That's my biggest compliment of this call is to call Steve Harrison. So thank you. To wrap up, as we move into the heating season, the fourth quarter is off to a solid start, and we look forward to a strong finish to the year. The residential market continues to look robust, weather aside, commodity costs are trending down for more price cost benefit moving forward. And the investments we have made in products and distribution set us up well for 2020. I want to thank everyone for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-22 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2019. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and requeue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start with an overview on the second quarter which was significantly impacted by the adverse weather conditions. I will cover the key points on each of our businesses, our current view on the tornado impact in insurance proceeds, and our reduced outlook for commercial and refrigeration end markets, and update 2019 guidance. For the second quarter, GAAP and adjusted revenue was $1.1 billion. GAAP revenue was down 6%, including 8% of negative impact from the tornado, divestitures, and foreign exchange. Excluding the impact from divestitures, adjusted revenue was down 1% or flat at constant currency, including a negative 3% impact from the tornado. GAAP operating income was $214 million, up 10%; and GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $2.81, down 17%, including a non-cash pension settlement charge of $1.14. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit was $202 million, down 2%. The total segment margin was relatively flat at 18.4%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 2% to $3.74. Residential revenue was down 3% at constant currency and down 4% on a reported basis with volume down 6% and down 3% adjusted for the tornado impact. Residential profit was flat and segment margin expanded 80 basis points to 22.3%. Price performance was strong at 3.6% yield. Our Residential business in the second quarter was negatively impacted by the significantly cooler temperatures and higher precipitation across the United States, especially in key Central regions where cooling degree days were down more than 30% and precipitation was up more than 60%, areas that account for approximately 40% of our revenue. We said over the years that a hot summer could add 10% to residential growth and a cold summer could subtract 10%, which was the case in second quarter this year. Adjusted for the tornado, our residential volume was down 3%. If you add 10% to that, you’d get a more normalized number in line with the overall residential market conditions. Our Residential business had negative tornado impact of $28 million to revenue in the second quarter and $16 million to segment profit, offset by $18 million of insurance recovery. Adjusting for the net impact from the tornado and insurance proceeds, residential revenue was flat, profit was down 1%, and margin was down 30 basis points to 21.1%. The adverse weather in the second quarter led to slower moving shipments in the industry, which slowed us in regaining market share following the tornado and extends our recovery timeline to include the fourth quarter. We remain confident we will resume gaining share in 2020. For 2019 overall, we now expect $99 million of negative tornado impact to Residential revenue, up from $70 million previously. We expect a negative $54 million impact to segment profit, up from $40 million previously. We expect insurance recovery for lost profits of $94 million, up from $80 million previously. The resulting $40 million of net benefit to residential segment profit in 2019 is unchanged. Of the remaining negative tornado impact for 2019, we expect to have an impact of approximately $22 million in revenue and $11 million in segment profit in the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect an impact of approximately $14 million to revenue and $9 million to segment profit. For the remaining $36 million of insurance recovery in our core guidance, we expect that to be split evenly between the third and fourth quarters. Taking a step back and looking at the big picture for both core and non-core related to the tornado, we now expect total insurance proceeds of approximately $372 million, up from $358 million previously. We have received $252 million of that as of the end of second quarter and expect the remainder by the end of 2019. The 2019 non-core gain expected for the difference in the book value and replacement value of assets remains approximately $91 million or a benefit of approximately $1.73 per share to GAAP EPS. We’ve posted tornado financial updates via our website summarizing the guidance I just discussed. Turning to Commercial in the second quarter. Revenue was a second quarter record of $261 million, up 4%. Commercial profit was a record $54 million, up 6%; and the segment margin expanded 50 basis points to a record 20.6%. Commercial revenue in the second quarter was led by high single-digit growth in national account equipment business. Regional and local equipment revenue was up low-single digits at constant currency. Breaking out the business another way, commercial new construction revenue was up low-single digits at constant currency, and replacement revenue was up high-single digits. Planned replacement was up low-double digits; and emergency replacement, which also was negatively impacted by cooler weather in the quarter, was down low-single digits at constant currency. Our VRF business saw high-single digits in the second quarter. On the service side, Lennox national account services revenue was up low-single digits. In Refrigeration, for the second quarter, adjusted revenue was up 5% at constant currency. Adjusted revenue profit was down 19% and adjusted segment margin was down 340 basis points to 12.8%. Profit was impacted by unfavorable mix as North America volume was down and Europe volume was up in the second quarter. In addition, profitability was negatively impacted by the timing on the sale of refrigerant allocations in Europe compared to the prior year quarter. Before I turn it over to Joe, I will review the latest of our outlook for 2019 and provide a few early thoughts on 2020. For the industry overall, we still expect North America residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We're reducing the outlook for Commercial and Refrigeration end markets in North America. We now expect commercial shipments to be flat for the industry in 2019 and expect refrigeration shipments to be slightly down for the industry. That's for the market. We still expect our revenue to be up for both businesses in the second half of the year. We expect year-over-year Commercial margin expansion to continue in the second half and Refrigeration margin expansion to resume in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead and thinking about 2020, we're still six months away, but the residential market continues to look robust setting aside the second quarter weather. Commodity costs continue to trail down and that is setting us up nicely for more positive price/cost benefit in 2020 than we’ve had in 2019. And the investments we made in equipment, controls, and distribution set us up well in 2020 as do the easier comps post the tornado impact to get us back on the share gain path. Now let me turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $689 million, down 4%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Volume was down 6% or down 3% adjusted for the tornado impact. Price was up 4% and mix was down 1%. Residential profit was flat at $153 million. Segment margin expanded 80 basis points to 22.3%. Segment profit was favorably impacted by a net $2 million of benefit from insurance proceeds relative to the tornado impact in the quarter as well as favorable price, sourcing, and engineering-led cost reductions and favorable warranty. Offsets included cooler and wetter weather, tornado impact, factory productivity, unfavorable mix, higher commodity, freight, tariff, and other product costs as well as distribution and SG&A investments and unfavorable foreign exchange. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was a second quarter record of $261 million, up 4%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Volume was up 2%, price was up 2% and mix was up 4% on the strength of national account growth. Commercial segment profit was a record $54 million, up 6%. Segment margin was a record 20.6%, up 50 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by favorable price, favorable mix and sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. Partial offsets included lower volume, higher commodity and other product costs, tariffs, freight and distribution and SG&A investments. In the Refrigeration segment, adjusted revenue was $149 million, up 2% in the second quarter. Foreign exchange had a negative 3% impact on revenue. Volume was up 1%, price was up 2%, and mix was up 2%. Adjusted segment profit was $19 million, down 19%. Adjusted segment margin was 12.8%, down 340 basis points. Profit was impacted by lower mix from the timing on the sale of refrigerant allocations in Europe compared to the prior quarter higher commodity, freight, distribution and tariffs and other product costs and unfavorable foreign exchange. Partial offsets included higher volume, favorable price, sourcing and engineering led cost reductions and lower SG&A expenses. Regarding special items in the second quarter -- excuse me, the company had net after-tax charges totaling $36.6 million. This included a charge of $45.5 million for pension settlement, a net charge of $1.5 million for various other items and again -- excuse me, of $10.4 million from insurance recoveries, net of losses incurred. Corporate expenses were $24 million in the second quarter compared to $23 million in the prior year quarter. Overall, SG&A on an adjusted basis of $152 million compared to $151 million in the prior year quarter. Net cash from operations in the second quarter was $30 million compared to $49 million in the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures and purchases of short-term investments were $18 million compared to $21 million in the second quarter a year-ago. We had proceeds for tornado damage to property and proceeds from the disposal of property, plant and equipment of $6 million in the second quarter this year. Free cash flow was $20 million compared to $28 million in the prior year quarter. The company repurchased $150 million stock and paid $25 million in dividends in the quarter. Total debt was $1.47 billion at the end of June and we ended the quarter with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.3. Cash and cash equivalents were $36 million ending the quarter. Now turning to our guidance for the company overall in 2019. We're updating guidance for adjusted revenue from -- for adjusted revenue growth from a range of 3% to 7% to a new range of 2% to 5%. We're updating GAAP EPS from continuing operations from a range of $12.65 to $13.25 to a new range of $11.91 to $12.51. This incorporates special items in the first half of the year, including the $1.14 non-cash pension settlement charge in the second quarter. As previously discussed, the pension settlement charge relates to an agreement that we entered into with Pacific Life Insurance Company in April to annuitize $106 million of our defined benefit pension obligation. As part of this transaction, we also transferred $100 million in pension assets to Pacific Life. This event required a remeasurement of the pension plan and results in a non-cash $45.5 million after-tax settlement charge in the second quarter to write-off the related accumulated actuarial losses. And as Todd mentioned, we continue to expect a total 2019 pre-tax gain of $91 million related to factory construction costs and the associated gain from replacement value above book value. For adjusted EPS from continuing operations in 2019, we're updating guidance for a range of $12 to $12.60 to a new range of $11.30 to $11.90. Let me now run through the other key points for our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2019. First the guidance elements we are updating. We're lowering the headwind expected from commodities for the full-year from $30 million to $20 million. We're lowering the guidance for factory residential factory productivity from a benefit of $8 million to be flat year-over-year due to the weather impacts on production in the corresponding lower fixed cost absorption. We're updating guidance for 2019 capital expenditures from approximately $195 million to $155 million, as $40 million of capital to fully reconstruct the Iowa manufacturing facility damaged by the tornado has moved from 2019 to 2020. We're updating 2019 guidance for free cash flow from approximately $420 million to $390 million for the full-year. There are three moving pieces to the guidance. The two headwinds are lower earnings guidance and higher working capital and the benefit is a reduction in capital expenditures due to the project timing in the Iowa factory reconstruction between 2019 and 2020. For the guidance elements that remain the same, we still expect to capture $80 million of price for the full-year. We still expect a $25 million benefit from sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. We still expect $15 million of a headwind from freight and $10 million from tariffs, and we continue to expect headwinds of $15 million for distribution investments and $15 million for SG&A. Corporate expenses are still targeted at $90 million for 2019. Net interest expense is still expected to be approximately $45 million and we still expect an effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 23% on an adjusted basis for the full-year. And finally, we continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full-year to be between 39 million to 40 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $400 million of stock this year. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Julian.
Julian Mitchell: Good morning. Maybe just the first question around Commercial and Refrigeration demand. You had talked about a temporary pause back in Q1, entered Q2 with good backlog growth in both pieces. So just wondered kind of what changed as you went through the second quarter and may be how you're seeing -- get a start to Q3 across the three segments in terms of demand?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, as you can see, we had a nice second quarter revenue wise in both segments, especially in Commercial, and we entered the third quarter with solid backlog. Our Commercial backlog is flattish from a year-ago and our Refrigeration backlog is up mid-single digits. And again, we expect the revenue to grow in both those segments. But in some ways, we are just truing up what we're seeing. I mean, when you look at ARI data for Commercial through May, market is up 0.5%, 1%, we think it was down in June in part because of weather. And so, we think calling it flat is just sort of a more realistic assumption. What we’re seeing in Refrigeration is some of our larger customers sort of deferring given some of the macroeconomic uncertainty, but again it's on the margins. We are going from being up low-single digits market, call it sort of slightly down -- it should be flattish to slightly down, so it is sort of a toggle of a couple points, if you will. But again, we still expect revenue in both of those segments to be up in the second half of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then sort of tied to that maybe just any thoughts on Residential, how that's trended the last couple of months if you’ve seen any improvement in sell-through conditions recently?
Todd Bluedorn: It's certainly warmed up in July from where it was in June, so that's helped, so we're off to a solid start. I’d like to remind everybody third quarter last year was warm. If you could recall, it was up, from memory 25% above normal and 15% above the prior year, so last third quarter was pretty warm. So, the comps aren't so easy, but Residential is sort of chugging along and we’re off to a nice start.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then my last question on that point would just be in terms of the market share efforts at Residential. Maybe just walk through where you are thinking you’re falling short or if it's really the external conditions of weather that has sort of held you back on that market share retake?
Todd Bluedorn: I -- again, we are gaining share back, we are just -- we didn’t gain it back as fast as we had hoped in second quarter, and I think it was largely driven by the weather. I think it's just an old business truism, which I’ve always found to be true. It's harder to get share in a down market than in a up market in some of our markets. The area that we're talking about is sort of region in the center of the country. Our revenue was down there even greater than it was overall in the business, and it's tough there to gain back share when things are down. We think that’s the majority, vast majority of the impact. I think to be honest and straightforward about it, full transparency, there are some sort of smaller dealers who quite frankly were probably not going to get back that we protected our most valuable customers, and those we did protect when we get to the other side of it if they had a good experience with their new vendor, some of them aren’t coming back, but we’ve gotten back the majority of the share where we think by and we’ve guided that as we go into 2020, we are confident we will back on the share gain track again.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we will go to Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Steve.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Just on the Commercial side, I mean, you had talked I think a bit about at a conference in early June about how you were seeing the order rates come back there at that stage. Did something kind of happen later in the quarter on this front to kind of tweak that lower for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: Again, I think I’m reflecting a guide on the industry rather than our share. So, what I’ve is, we had a nice second quarter in revenue, and we expect revenue to up the second half of the year, our backlog chart is flattish because we sort of delivered a lot in the second quarter. So, we’re still optimistic on segment overall, but we’re halfway through the year and the industry is flat. And I think -- I don't think it's going -- I think the second half will sort of -- closer we get to election, the more these macroeconomic uncertainties hang, the less likely we are going to see growth in the end market in the second half of the year.
Steve Tusa: Right. Okay. On the resi side, you guys started to disclose in your Qs, the difference between externally sold sales and sell-through your own distribution, I think that number was up. The external sales were up pretty nicely in the first quarter. Your sell-through was, through your own stuff , was kind of down moderately. I think the Q’s going to come out today, can you just talk about was that the similar trend here in the second quarter? And then how should we read into that? Is that just you guys kind of restocking the channel from tornado impacts or what's kind of the framework with which to kind of look at that around?
Todd Bluedorn: It's even more pronounced in the second quarter maybe than it was in first quarter. So, our direct business, our Lennox business, which is 80% of what we do, revenue wise, down 6%. And our Allied and ADP businesses, which are direct was up 3%. I think it's a couple of things. I think it's weather exposure. Our Lennox historic -- well, our Lennox branded business is more on the center of the country than our allied business, so I think that's part of it.  I also think it's this issue that the independent distributors were able to hang onto their dealers because they had multiple brands and so we're able to juggle brands and sort of keep dealers happy. And then as we are able to reload our independent distributors with our product and are able to sort of seamlessly move back the dealers with that product line. And so no one sort of was turned off by the -- had a relationship turn them off they were able to sort of seamlessly move it back in. so I think that’s part of it.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: So it's a bit of weather end, so the other issue I talked about, we are gaining share.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then one last one. Are you at all considering monetizing some of your distribution or is it still a very core part of who Lennox is having this much capital distribution?
Todd Bluedorn: Did I ask you to ask that of me?
Steve Tusa: Well, he was very -- probably he is very quick to compliment you guys on the conference call because it is warranted. I mean, you guys have done a great job, but just curious …
Todd Bluedorn: Very nice compliment. Thanks for that compliment and I thought it was a left. Again, I kept my head off for the right. We absolutely notice -- [indiscernible] distribution. As you’ve heard me say multiple times, I think it's a differentiator today. It will increasingly be a differentiator, all the investments we made in digitization has gone from a business where you needed local knowledge and sort of moving boxes to this business where you won't be able to leverage investments. And then again, if I learned anything at business school I want have thousands -- tens of thousands of small customers rather than one large customer, so we’ve no desire to get out of it independently.
Steve Tusa: Got it. One last one for resi. What was the actual -- was there any major differencing kind of parts versus equipment, or parts up in the quarter, like what or any difference there?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean, sort of the part of the business that was up the most was residential new construction …
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: … less impacted by the weather, but parts and the add-on or replacement trended the same direction that the cool weather impacted both, and parts and supplies maybe even little bit more than equipment.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Already knew the answer to that distribution question.
Todd Bluedorn: I was just going to joke, which I would be shocked if I will ask you to ask a question, but go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: All right. Just going through the 70% cut, I mean, I know you made adjustments to the commercial piece, but can you maybe break out how much of the -- how you break out that 70% cut? How much is it kind of soft 2Q residential versus how much is it is the Commercial piece being softer and then it looks like the Refrigeration margins seem to be coming in lighter as well?
Todd Bluedorn: I think order of magnitude, what I think about it, Jeff, is we passed on the second quarter miss to the full-year guide. And then we had sort of lowered the second half of the year because of the push out of the share gain, but that's offset by insurance. And then the third piece would be sort of a lowering at the end markets and corresponding revenue of the Commercial and Refrigeration businesses.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. That’s helpful. And then can you just explain this Refrigeration allocation dynamic and how big it was. And I think you said Refrigeration, the margins will get expansion in the fourth quarter, which would suggest that maybe margins are down in the third quarter and so what's going on there?
Todd Bluedorn: So the issue in third quarter is the mix, and I refer to it is as mix. It's just this dynamic that our business in Europe is growing quicker than our business in North America. I think part of that's market, part of it is we are sort of flattish share in North America refrigeration organic share in Europe and that hurts it. The refrigerant issue is -- was second quarter a year-ago, we had about a $3 million gain on refrigerant, I will come back to that in a second and second quarter the issue we had about $1 million. So net-net a $2 million difference year-over-year. And as you may recall, it's a simplified, it's a cap in trade program in Europe for F gases, fluorine base gases and we had an allocation, we were able to resell the allocate -- parts of the allocation you don't use and we're able to sell those again to a $3 million gain last year second quarter and a $1 million gain this year. So year-over-year $2 million.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. So that the third quarter margin comment on Refrigeration is that this mix dynamic continues and then it normalizes in 4Q?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And there is …
Todd Bluedorn: I would broaden the answer. Also self-help will kick in, in fourth quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then last one on this distribution growth versus direct, declined in the first half of the year. How should we think about that impacting the second half of the year just with kind of the pre-buy dynamic?
Todd Bluedorn: Which pre-buy dynamic you’re talking about? The furnaces?
Jeff Hammond: Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: I paused is because I haven't quantified it yet in my own mind, so I’m going to real-time to think. I think obviously the way you asked the question, you're right. It will -- and on in the direct side we will have more of a sell. We will be selling furnaces where it indirectly sort of stocked it already. Although I will tell you because of the tornado impact we didn’t do as much pre-stocking of our distributors as our competitors have done. I also think there will be normalization as we get away from the weather impacts, especially in second quarter.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. So first question from me, I’m guessing you don’t want to give numbers by geography, but I just like to get a better sense of how weak the Midwest was in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I won't give the exact numbers as you suggested, but it was about 40% of our revenue. And it was a -- maybe 2 or 3 points down in revenue in the add-on or replacement versus the overall market. I would contrast that, I will give you the exact numbers for something I want to say, which is in a market like Florida where we had warm weather, our Lennox replacement revenue was up 12%. And so a market we had good weather we did well, and large parts of the country where we didn't have good weather we didn’t do well.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up to a prior question. So it sounds like you didn't assume that you would make up some of the 2Q resi shortfall in the second half, am I hearing that right?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's what the guide says, yes.
Ryan Merkel: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: So the short answer is yes, and that’s what’s in the guide. Now again, we -- I often don't like to talk about weather, but I almost have to now given everything we said so far, but sort of the conventional wisdom that I also believe is true is sort of the weather that you want now is hot/cool, hot/cool. So they sort of sellout and then cools down they can -- better say that it gets hot. Our dealers get really busy sometimes a week or two weeks planned out, and then you want to cool so they can catch their breath to caught up and ready to take on new business. And then it gets hot again, they get the business they order from you. And then as we get into September, we want to whether to break and sort of stay cool, so we will start loading up our furnaces. So it's not just record heat now for the balance of the quarter. We are going to have to sort of have some things move, but it's hard to make up the miss we had in second quarter due to weather.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. Just lastly, Residential price yield up 3.6%, that’s a little better than I was thinking. Is this just a function of a double price increase still helping and maybe you didn’t discount equipment to try sell-through, just given the shipments this quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: It's primarily the first point. It's just the double price increase. And so second quarter was the sweet spot where we're sort of getting peak -- a carryover at both of them, if you will. And the year, we [technical difficulty] we're going to get 2 points might be slightly better than that given the performance in second quarter, but second quarter is sort of at the high water mark of year-over-year price increases. And look we were competitive in the marketplace, and so it's not like we said, look, we are not going to do any pricing to protect to regain share just, at some point you realize that’s not the lever to pull, so we try to pull a lot of other levers instead.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. Thanks, I will pass it on.
Operator: And we will go to Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff. How are you?
Jeffrey Sprague: Doing well. Thank you. Just coming around to the kind of cash flow and absorption, so -- of kind of those three pieces Joe mentioned, clearly working capital is got to be a chunk. Inventory looks high. I guess, I really have kind of two questions. Was there some kind of absorption benefit in the quarter actually from building inventory?
Joseph Reitmeier: There was -- Jeff, there was some inventory build, but there's also some raw material that are at higher levels given the increased production between Marshalltown and Saltillo.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then, conversely, I guess your guide would assume some under absorption in the back half as you’re burning inventory down. Can you give me any context on the margin impact there, if there's any?
Joseph Reitmeier: I think the margin impact is de minimis and we’re going to continue the level of production to optimize the impact on absorption.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then just back to price, Todd or Joe, I mean did you see any indication anywhere that there is some push back, we heard that in some industrial channels, Watsco kind of mentioned it around some parts pricing. Obviously, raw mats are coming down, volumes maybe not as good as people thought.
Todd Bluedorn: No. we are -- we’ve seen price stick in marketplace obviously from the results we’ve had. And we -- as always plan on passing on an annual price increase and commodities have trailed down a bit. But labor is extremely tight in North America and we’ve had to raise wages in our factories, our suppliers have to raise wages in their factories, the tariff situation still not settled. Freight and transportation is still -- well, down a little bit from last year, still high versus last couple of years. So there is still inflation in the system and the need for us to pass on price and our competitors are doing the same thing.
Jeffrey Sprague: So would it be fair to assume the double dip was obviously a bit unusual, but kind of normal year-end? Beginning a year, list price increases should kind of where were they again into 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, while we [indiscernible] into 2020 is just we -- I will repeat what you just said. We will be announcing a price increase at the end of 2019, that set us up for realizing into 2020. And that's historically how the industry did it. Not to bash Watsco, but when Watsco is talking about price, they may be talking to their supplier and letting them know what they want them to hear. But from our perspective, we are still getting price in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert McCarthy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, everyone. How are you today?
Todd Bluedorn: [Indiscernible]. How are you?
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Robert McCarthy: Good. Maybe since you broke hearts a little bit on 2023 outlook, Todd, I mean, could you talk a little bit about just maybe current environment. Are you seeing any chinks in the armor of the cycle and how do you think about '20 and how do you think about your long-term targets from where you sit now, just so we get some comfort because obviously some investors think that this could precede something worse than just bad weather?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's bad weather. I think its two things. It's bad weather in terms of cool and wet weather and bad weather in terms of the tornado. But those are the dynamics. I mean, from a residential viewpoint, the market is still robust. U.S consumer is still strong. U.S consumer is still spending, I think you sort of see that in all the surveys and macroeconomic data. And as we go into 2020, we expect that continue. We sort of toggled down just a bit the Commercial and Refrigeration end markets and I think that just reflects reality. But we continue to gain share and expect our revenue to be up in those end markets. So we think 2020s end markets are going to be good. 2021, my crystal ball is a little less clear, but our 3-year targets still stand up even with this second quarter drop because of weather.
Robert McCarthy: And then in terms of the residential -- excuse me, in terms of the refrigeration and commercial lowering, I mean you do answer the fact that you do expect to grow and that there should be share increase. I mean, do you think this is some conservatism that you're baking into the guide or do you think you’re just calling the market as you see it?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean the guide is the guide the way I sort of think about it and I hope we’re wrong and I hope it does better, but that's sort of our best call right now.
Robert McCarthy: I'll spare you a question on your distribution and whether you want to sell it?
Todd Bluedorn: No matter what happens, you’re going to write that down as we do not want to sell distribution. Thanks.
Operator: Next we will go to Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Gautam. How are you?
Gautam Khanna: Doing well, thanks. Couple of questions. First, I was wondering any change that you would expect in the competitive environment, given the CCS spin or anything else the climate, the Ingersoll break up. It doesn’t sound like you’ve seen anything, but what might you expect in an environment that's going to be unfolding over the next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think I would expect any change in Trane Co. or whatever the new business is going to be called. I mean, the management as I understand that Lamach and the management team at the parent company are going to go with Trane Co., right? And so I assume they’re going to compete the same way they’ve competed now. If Carrier Co., -- it's unclear exactly -- I think one way -- one thing I think about is sort of the distractions are going to stop, because Carrier Co. in of itself is a multi-industrial conglomerate that probably needs to be broken up. And so I think there will be continued internal discussions about what they do with refrigeration, what they do with some of their lower profit international businesses, what they do with security business. And so I think all that will continue to be a distraction and I think that's good for us.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. That’s helpful. And also just what are your latest thoughts on North American HVAC consolidation? You think it happens, do you think there's -- if it happens, when it will happen?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, my answer, Gautam, you’ve heard me say a thousand times, I will say it for people who are listening and new. We don't need to do anything worth scale, but I think value could be created. And if something would happen, we'd love to participate. We think we'd be a good player to help drive the value. I think over the long-term if there's value to be created, markets find -- the financial markets find a way to have assets to be combined. But right now it's only a handful of assets and someone who is in the business would have to decide if they want to get out of the business and I can't really control that, that's -- that question is better asked to somebody else rather than me.
Gautam Khanna: Fair. And then you mentioned, you're not going to retain 100% of the customers that you lost and related to the tornado. Can you quantify that? What sort of the net -- of the dealers you -- the customers you had previously what percentage do you think don’t come back? Is there any way to quantify, so we can understand the hurdle you’re overcoming as you do recover?
Todd Bluedorn: Again, with some degree of uncertainty, sort of the order of magnitude is we keep 90%, we get back 90%, we lose 10%. And if you do some of the backward math on that, that implies a 1.5, 2 points of resi revenue, maybe one away at the end of the tornado versus closer to 10 points of resi revenue that was totally impacted by it. And I think that kind of revenue changes a quarter of a point or so of share, maybe three -- yes, .3 points of market share. And that’s why I’m comfortable to go in the 2020 its now we will sort of pivot away from just flitting out this piece that we still haven't gotten to more broadly talking about our market share gains. So we gained half a point or more of market share in resi up to the tornado during the prior five or six years and as we go into 2020 we will do the same thing and this will be behind us.
Gautam Khanna: And last one, sorry. Marshalltown, is it fully operational, fully up to speed, there's no lingering production interruption there?
Todd Bluedorn: No lingering production interruption, we are up to speed. I mean the pushout of the capital, no one has asked the question, but I will anticipate it pushout of the capital has nothing to do with sort of being up to speed on production. It's building sort of the admin wing of the factory, adding in parking lots. And sort of lesser priority things of what we needed to do to make it an up -- a full time factory again. But production wise, we’re where we need to be.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks a lot guys. I appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we will go to Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning. Can you talk about what's embedded in the high-end and low-end of your revenue or EPS guide? Is that now all just resi weather playing out new few months, because it looks like you’ve already factored in some weakness in Commercial and Refrigeration?
Joseph Reitmeier: It's that, it's also just sort of there's always a range around commodities, there's a range around freight and transportation, there's a range around some of our execution in the factories. And so, I think it's sort of a stacking of the operational bell shaped curve, The range of outcomes around lots of initiatives that we have in place. I think the most important thing is maybe the weather impact and -- or more broadly state the overall residential market. But there's other things in that guide.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay, got it. Can you comment on a few puts and takes to Q3? I mean, how should we think about your EPS contribution versus prior years? Anything you'd think it's worthy of being called out, just given all the noise this quarter and last year?
Joseph Reitmeier: No. I mean, as you know we don't give quarterly guidance. I know -- I don't want to give you a number and you know that. I think as I said earlier, we're off to a solid start. I gave the backlog outlook sort of flat in Commercial, up mid-single digits in Refrigeration. I’ve talked about Residential. You can read a weather map, but you also got to read a weather map from last year to sort of understand, it was hot last year, it's hot this year and operationally we're executing. So I think that's sort of the color commentary I would make.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Lastly from me, can you give us some color on what you’re seeing in non-res. I mean, some recent data points not very favorable. You gave us pretty good color on market -- I mean, you talked about markets, you’ve obviously talked about your growth, but generally is there anything else on a broad basis that you'd like to talk about in terms of office versus retail versus institutional? And is that concerning to you? Just any viewpoints there, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: No macro use that I would share that you couldn’t get elsewhere. I mean, again it's sort of overall call and the inventory market's flat, so no additional color. Thanks.
Deepa Raghavan: All right. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joseph Ritchie: Hey, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Joseph Ritchie: Can we just kind of dive a little bit deeper into this market share dynamic. So I just want to make sure I understand that your production was back and running in 4Q. It seems like the recovery was getting better-than-expected last quarter. I mean is the way to think about your resi growth rate right now just talking up to weather and where you guys are based regionally or is there more to it than that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's -- the more to it is what we called out for the revenue tornado impact or the tornado revenue impact in quarter, which was $28 million. So there's $28 million revenue impact in second quarter associated with the tornado. And part of that was being at full production early in the quarter and then part of it was, as I said earlier that there's portion of the share that left us that we haven't regained all back yet, and so that's tied to the $28 million. The larger number in the quarter is weather and that's by definition its weather. It's a 100% weather.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. Okay. And then so, I guess, as I’m kind of thinking about the portion, you’ve discussed that with the smaller dealers is a portion that you're not going to get back. I’m trying to understand, I guess, just so the increase in the expenses related to the tornado is related to the portion that you're not going to recapture in terms of your share, is that fair?
Joseph Reitmeier: I’m not sure, I understand the question. You mean the additional gain of insurance proceeds?
Joseph Ritchie: Yes, the gain on the insurance proceeds, any impact to the insurance proceed this quarter, so it's expected to go up by $14 million for the year. I guess, what is that related to?
Joseph Reitmeier: That's lost revenue associated with the tornado.
Joseph Ritchie: Okay. And then, I guess, as we think through 2020 and just this concept that the whole business interruption insurance and how that’s calculated, is there an expectation that there is going to be additional recovery in 2020 or should we get a clean slate in 2020 and we can just look at the core business and how the core business is doing in 2020?
Todd Bluedorn: That’s a fair question. We are in the process of negotiating with all the insurance companies and they’re worked very closely with us and have been fair and we continue to sort of get back with the money we expect to get back. Our current expectation now would be that that we would wrap things up by the end of the year with some forward look maybe into 2020, but that will be a negotiation. But at some point, we are just going to collect the money and move on. And right now the guide expects that to be in -- all happen in 2019, but it may lead over into 2020, but I understand the need to have clean numbers or the desire to have clean numbers in 2020.
Joseph Ritchie: Got it. That makes sense. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we will go to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nicole DeBlase: Yes, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Nicole.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Nicole DeBlase: So I just want to start on Europe. I think during the first quarter you talked about low double-digit growth ex FX. And a lot of that was driven by commercial HVAC and it sounded like you’re up with kind of strong again this quarter. So if you could just give us a little bit of update on what you’re seeing in the region?
Todd Bluedorn: In Europe we were up mid-single digits. Our HVAC was sort of low-end of that and our Commercial, Refrigeration was the high-end, but sort of on average mid-single digits in Europe. And we are primarily in France and Spain and in Germany, those are our major end markets and that's where we've seen our strength.
Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. And then commercial HVAC margins, I think when we got the last update in the first quarter you have guided for flat to down in the second quarter, but we saw some improvement there. What was better? Was at the top line was a little bit better than you expected or was it that the operational improvement was the driver of the upside?
Todd Bluedorn: It was both. I would say it's equally split between the two. We did better in the factory and then we did a little bit better on revenue and mix than we had hoped [indiscernible].
Nicole DeBlase: Understood. Okay. And then last one from me just price cost. The impact on margins in the second quarter and then if you still expect to see improvement there in the second half?
Todd Bluedorn: Turning to folks to see if we have than in front of us. I got too many numbers in my head right now. Well, [indiscernible] I mean, the answer is we were positive. See if I’m turning that right in front of me. For the quarter, we had $32 million in price and $15 million headwind of commodities, freight and tariffs, so we're positive $17 million for the quarter and that’s obviously the high water mark for the year.
Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thank you. I will pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you.
Operator: And we will go to Robert Barry with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Robert.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Robert Barry: Lots of ground covered, I guess just a few things to follow-up on. So Todd, I think earlier in the quarter or late in the quarter in June, you had alluded to at a conference, potentially price and also material costs tracking better, but, so that you kind of kept the guide for those two components, the same any kind of reason for that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we -- I think we lowered commodities. So, it went from a $30 million headwind to a $20 million headwind.
Robert Barry: Sorry, the material costs. It was price commodity and material costs.
Todd Bluedorn: I think maybe I tried to lump all those together just by saying that the total of the three would be better. I didn't mean to say each element would be better. And so that all three of them, I think used to be $55 million and are now $45 million, if I have the math right.
Robert Barry: Got it. Got it. And then that number you gave for the replacement volume in Florida that up 12. Is that like how same store is that? Is that a same-store number or are you adding stores in Florida contributing to that growth?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know, if we had -- I don't think we had any parts plus stores if that's the question because I don't think we added in Florida, but I know, I don't really think about it for our business quite that way Robert. I mean it's -- I think we had more dealers than we did last year because that's how we gain market share and so I just. I don't view to sort of same-store sales. I view it is did we gain share or not, we did.
Robert Barry: Got it. Got it.
Todd Bluedorn: And the market was up.
Robert Barry: Right. I guess, just lastly, following up, I think, with Joe's question about the way the share recapture is included in the numbers. So that $28 million of revenue in this quarter. It's not just volume lost its net of what you've estimated is recaptured share. Is that right?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Robert Barry: And I guess two same thing with the -- at the EBIT line?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Todd Bluedorn: So the fact that the EBIT track a little bit better on insurance recoveries, even though the revenue was, or the share recapture was lower is just kind of out-of-period?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. And some way and we gave rough guide last time. But the $18 million of insurance proceeds in Q2, I would tie to the $18 million lost profits we had in Q1. So it's sort of lag -- not sort of it lagged by a quarter.
Robert Barry: All right. Thanks for clarifying all that.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we go to Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Todd, wonder if you could calibrate something for me. We've kind of touched around a few of these elements with the pre-buy around the furnace standard and some of the growth differential between the independents and the company-owned. I guess how should we think about that into the second half to then the independents go the other direction like can you size up the magnitude of what you thought was maybe pre-bought there versus underlying?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't have the map in front of me, Josh. We will put it together, I -- the pre-buy versus our competitors was dramatically less just because we didn't have the factory capacity to be building the pre-regulatory furnaces like others may have done. And so I think that's part of it, but I think, how I doing better, are independent distribution doing better during the second quarter and was that thing more driven by the ability not to be impacted by the tornado to the same degree that the independent distributors were able to hang on to dealers with other brands, which are Lennox distribution by definition wasn't able to.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. So that's kind of where I was going with this is, obviously, your competitors who don't have substantial company distribution are able to fill the channel, a little bit more I think Carrier was still taking pre-buy orders through May. So does that mean then, it's not just a timing flip where they've already made the sale in the first half, they came in the second half through the company-owned you can make that in the second half. I guess in the absence of a big pre-buy or the notion of that maybe not as big of a flip into the second half is how I should read that?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not sure, I followed the question. I think, if you are …
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yes, so the …
Todd Bluedorn: If you're a company like Carrier who is selling to independent distribution, the revenue, first half of the year, we'll be over inflated in a revenue second half of the year will be deflated by that fact. If you're a company-owned distribution like we are in Lennox, our revenue would have been -- versus competitors would have been understated during the first half for the year and overstated during the second half of the year. Reason I haven't spent a lot of time talking about that is -- that's like a third order equation after the tornado after the weather that I think that's sort of a rounding issue of a couple of points here there and I think on Allied again there was a -- we got some tailwind from selling furnaces first half of the year and that will be a headwind second half of the year, but I think the amplitude of that was less than our competitors, because we didn't build as -- pre-build as much and that the greater the driver of the disparity between our Lennox brands and our Allied brands during the second quarter was driven more by this issue of regaining with the loss share more seamlessly through independent distribution the company on distribution because independent distributors were able to avoid losing dealers by using alternative brands.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then just one more point on this. I don't mean to belabor it, but thinking about the -- I'm trying to get the port out, you know, I will follow-up on it. It's little more complicated. I'll leave there. Thanks for the color.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we will go to John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, John.
John Walsh: Just a question around the strong price realization. I mean, obviously, a lot of different things are going into price, right now, whether it's general inflation, tariffs right. But you mentioned earlier about consumer confidence wanting to kind of understand how much of that price is driven by maybe people mixing up to a higher, or going kind of beyond that opening price point anyway you kind of want to articulate it would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: I think most of it's a straight price. I mean, there's a little bit of mix in the quarter, but given the tornado impact, given the weather, the mix sort of wasn't on its normal trajectory. I mean that's just two price increases being passed on.
John Walsh: Got you. And then, I guess, I think in refrigeration you made this comment you're seeing the customers defer some spending just kind of given the macro. I need color around that? Is it which kind of vertical, you're seeing that in and if it's kind of, we're pushing it, one to two quarters or if it's kind of, they're actually waiting to see if the capital project moves forward?
Todd Bluedorn: I think, it's just on the margins and I think it -- we're primary exposed to grocery in cold storage and the question is do you build new, not so much on stores but on cold storage facilities, do you build new cold storage facilities to invest the capital. I think it's sort of the macro investment decisions we're seeing across sort of corporate or industrial America?
John Walsh: All right. Well, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Nigel. How are you?
Nigel Coe: Good, thanks. Obviously, you cover a lot of ground here. Can we just, I mean, I hate to maybe betray my [indiscernible] here, but just wanted to stand the market share dynamics into Q3. You didn't actually lose any share in 2Q '18. So therefore to be talking about regaining share, it seems illogical. So I'm just wondering, are we talking here about dealers that went away in the second half of the year. That hasn't come back, is that how you're measuring the market share loss in 2Q?
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Nigel. So the 28th in that number and so dealers who we lost in fourth quarter if we hadn't gain them back the impact in second quarter would have been significantly greater than 28 million.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That's great. And then, that I think you got a 40% exposure to the Central States, Midwest states. Would that include the Central Southwest as well, so we're talking here about Texas, Oklahoma, both is, on not just the classic Midwest?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, the swing regions, I will call it out, is to traditional Midwest, which is, be it football fans out there, the big 10 such, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, Wisconsin, the Central Plains, which is really Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska and obviously too much lesser degree the Dakotas and then South Central to your direct question, Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas, Oklahoma.
Nigel Coe: Okay. That makes little sense. And then just two more quick ones to tick off here. Just, you talked about the insurance negotiation for FY '20. I mean, just, I mean I understand this is somewhat sensitive topic, but conceptually, do you get compensated for one full year of lost profits. So is it not that simple.
Todd Bluedorn: It's not that simple. So we're in detailed negotiations where we're justifying everything. Both sort of impact of the factory plus lost revenue. I mean in some ways, I would call speculative lost revenue and it all gets done up in a mix sort of end of the day, we'll work out a number. And we've guided sort of the best of our ability, publicly of what that number is and how much we said -- how much we gained so far and what we expect that number to be looking around. So I got so many numbers. I think, its 472, right?
Joseph Reitmeier: 372.
Todd Bluedorn: 372. Not, a 372 [Speech Overlap] and we've received 252 to dates. We still have 122 to negotiate that and that's our best estimate.
Nigel Coe: Okay, great. And then just a quick one on pricing. The cover pricing, this time in detail. There's been a little bit of chatter about dealer incentives picking up during 2Q, to within 2Q. Have you seen that and is that a risk in any dimension for the back half of the year?
Joseph Reitmeier: It's not a risk for the back half of the year. It's when the weather is that cool and the volumes had soft and people start spiffing to try a new volume. And quite frankly, we did the same thing.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question will be from Damian Karas with UBS. Please go ahead.
Damian Karas: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi, Damian.
Damian Karas: Appreciate your fitness in here. Just a clarification on client capacity. So you had shifted some additional production down to Mexico, as a result of the tornado. Where exactly do things stand now, with respect to the production split across your three facilities comparing to that before the tornado Marshalltown? And is there still some shifting that you'll be looking to do in the future?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we are always looking to shift in the future. So that's still out there and that continues to be out there and we'll continue to look at our footprint to try and drive, the lowest cost. In terms of the shifted volume for the tornado, we move capability both to South Carolina and to Mexico that capability still remains there, but we're up and running all the products in Marshalltown that we were producing prior to the tornado also.
Damian Karas: Got it. And just curious, have you felt any push back from customers on having some of that they've one signature branded product coming out of Mexico now?
Todd Bluedorn: Zero pushed back, I mean, we've been building in the Mexican facility for almost a decade now and many of our largest dealership visited facility, they know the quality is and they don't care where whether it's made in Mexico or whether it's made in the US, it's exact same quality.
Damian Karas: Very helpful. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And with that, I'll turn it back to the company for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks a lot, operator. To wrap up, we've reset guidance after significantly adverse weather in the second quarter and have reduced the outlook on Commercial and Refrigeration end markets in North America for the year. Looking ahead, weather side, the residential market continues to look robust, commodity costs are trending down for more price cost benefit moving forward and the investments we have made in products and distribution set us up well for 2020 and for the second half of 2019. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-22 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2019. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. [Operator Instructions]. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start with an overview on the first quarter and key points on each of our businesses and then discuss accelerating recovery in our residential business from the tornado impact as well as the insurance proceeds for this year. On a GAAP basis, company revenue was $790 million down 5% including 10% of negative impact from the tornado and divestitures. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue growth. On an adjusted basis, excluding divestitures, company revenue was a first quarter record $756 million, up 1% including negative tornado impact of 5%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue growth. GAAP operating income rose 79% to a first quarter record $95 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 92% to a first quarter record of $1.73. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 34% to a first quarter record of $99 million, and total segment margin expanded 330 basis points to a new first quarter high of 13.1%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 38% to a first quarter record of $1.68. In our residential business in the first quarter, revenues set a new first quarter high of $466 million, up 3%, including 8% of negative tornado impact. Revenue was up in both replacement and new construction business. Residential segment profit rose 69% to $87 million. Adjusted for a $22 million net profit resulting from $40 million of insurance proceeds against $18 million of negative tornado impact, residential segment profit was up 26% in the quarter. Residential segment margin expanded 730 basis points to 18.6%. Adjusted for the tornado impact and insurance recovery, segment margin expanded 160 basis points to 12.9%. Turning to Commercial in the first quarter, revenue is down 3%. Segment profit declined 31% and segment margin was down 360 basis points to 8.7%. Commercial revenue in the first quarter was driven by a mid-teens decline in new construction, well known for being a lumpy business. Both 2017 and 2018 for example, we had two quarters of strong growth and two quarters of a decline in new construction revenue. In replacement business, revenue was flat in the quarter with planned replacement down a couple of points, with solid growth in emergency replacement, up mid-single digits. For both new construction and planned replacement, we saw some national account customers temporarily pause investment in the context of all the government and macroeconomic uncertainty in the market in the first quarter. Currently, however, we are seeing backlog up nicely heading into our seasonally largest quarters. Operationally, we continue to focus on productivity improvements at our factory in Arkansas. We have been addressing labor shortages and inefficiencies in recent quarters. In the first half, we are continuing to focus on training for all the new employees brought on board full time and ramping up productivity further. Our VRF business saw strong double-digit growth in first quarter, and on the service side, Lennox national account service revenue was up mid-single digits. We continue expect Commercial segment growth and margin expansion on a full year basis with revenue up the remainder of the year and margin expansion in the second half. In Refrigeration for the first quarter, revenue was up 2% at constant currency, but we had 4% of negative foreign exchange impact in quarter. Regionally, North America was down mid-single digits due to the same dynamics as I mentioned for Commercial. We saw some customers temporarily pause investment in the context of all the government and macroeconomic uncertainty in the market. As in Commercial, Refrigeration backlog is building up nicely as we enter our strongest seasonal periods. In Europe, revenue was up low-double digits at constant currency with Refrigeration down slightly and Commercial HVAC up more than 20%. Both of these businesses can be lumpy on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Refrigeration segment profit was down 20% in the first quarter and segment margin was down 180 basis points to 8%. Lower mix was a factor with a fast growth in Europe and volume was down for the segment overall. We continue to expect Refrigeration segment growth and margin expansion on a full year basis with revenue up the remainder of the year and margin expansion in the second half. For the company overall, the second quarter is off to a solid start. We are reiterating our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance as we look ahead to another year of strong growth and profitability. We are raising our guidance for stock repurchases this year from $350 million to $400 million. Before I turn it over to Joe for more financial details on the quarter and our outlook, let me summarize where things stand on the tornado impact and insurance recovery this year. Big picture, for core and non-core related to tornado, we now expect total insurance proceeds of approximately $358 million, about the same as the $356 million of previous guidance. We received $124 million of that of 2018 and expect approximately $234 million in 2019. The non-core gain expected for the difference in book value and replacement value of assets is now approximately $91 million down from the previous guidance of $109 million for 2019 due to lower estimated construction costs, approximately a $1.79 benefit the GAAP EPS versus a benefit of about $2.30 in previous guidance. From a core perspective, our residential business continues to make significant progress and we're seeing acceleration in the recovery from the tornado. As I mentioned previously, we are back -- we were back to full production across all three of our residential factories for cooling product by the end of fourth quarter of 2018 and are there as well for heating products as the end of the first quarter of 2019. We are taking back business as the market as we resupply dealers and are focused on fully refilling our company-owned regional and local distribution network. The expected negative impact from the tornado is down from our prior guidance as the team continues to perform operationally and take back business for Lennox in the market. From a core perspective in the first quarter, the negative tornado impact on revenue was $35 million versus guidance of around $42 million. The negative tornado impact on segment profit was $18 million in first quarter versus guidance of around $21 million. For revenue in 2019, we now expect $70 million of negative tornado impact down from the prior guidance of $85 million. We estimate $40 million of negative segment profit impact down from a prior estimate of $43 million, and the business interruption insurance recovery for lost profits is expected to be about $80 million in 2019 compared to $83 million in prior guidance. This results in a net segment profit impact of positive $40 million in 2019, the same as in prior guidance. Of the remaining negative tornado impact for 2019, we expect to hit of approximately $21 million in revenue and $13 million in profit for the second quarter. For the third quarter, we expect a hit of approximately $40 million to revenue and $9 million to profit. For the remaining $40 million in insurance recovering in our core guidance, we expect that to flow evenly across the three remaining quarters. A lot there. We have posted a tornado financial updates chart on our website with the details reflecting prior guidance and the current view. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was a first quarter record $466 million, which was up 3%. Volume was flat, price was up 2% and mix was up 1% and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit of $87 million was up 69%. Segment margin was 18.6%, up 730 basis points. Segment profit was favorably impacted by a net $22 million of benefit from insurance proceeds relative to negative $20 [ph] impact in the quarter, as well as higher volume, favorable pricing mix, and sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. Partial offsets included higher commodity, freight, tariffs and warranty costs, lower factory productivity, distribution, investments and higher SG&A expenses. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was $173 million in the first quarter, down 3%. Volume was up 6%, price was up 2% and mix was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $15 million down 31%. Segment margin was 8.7% down 360 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by lower volume and factory productivity, higher commodity, freight, tariffs, warranty and other product costs, distribution investments, and higher SG&A expenses. Partial offsets included favorable pricing mix and sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. In the Refrigeration segment, revenue was down 2% in the first quarter. Volume and mix were flat and price was up 2%. Foreign exchange had a negative 4% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $9 million down 20%. Segment margin was 8% down 180 basis points. Segment profit was impacted both by lower volume and factory productivity, unfavorable mix, higher commodity, tariffs and freight costs, distribution investments, and higher SG&A expenses. Partial offsets include favorable price and sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. Regarding special items in the first quarter, the company had a net after tax benefit totaling $2.2 million. That include a gain of $5.2 million from insurance recoveries, net of losses incurred, a benefit of $4.4 million for access tax benefits from share based compensation, a loss on the sale of business of $5 million, $1 million for non-core business results, and a net charge of $1.4 million for various other items. Corporate expenses were $12 million in the first quarter. On a GAAP basis, overall SG&A was $146 million or 18.4% of revenue, down from $155 million or 18.6% in the prior quarter. Net cash used in operations in the first quarter was $141 million compared to a use of $84 million in the prior quarter. Capital expenditures were $37 million compared to $23 million dollars in the first quarter a year ago. We also had proceeds for tornado damage to property plant equipment that totaled $7 million. In the first quarter we used $171 million of free cash flow, compared to a use of $106 million in the prior quarter. The increase and use of cash for the quarter was the result of timing of payments tied to the reconstruction of Marshalltown and was in line with our expectations. Given our business seasonality, we used cash in the early part of the year and generate cash in the latter part of the year. The company paid $26 million in dividends in the first quarter, and repurchased $100 million of stock. Total debt was $1.3 billion at the end of March, and we ended the quarter with the debt-to-even our ratio of $2.0. Cash and cash equivalents were $32 million ending the quarter. Before I turn over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2019. Our underlying market assumptions for the year are unchanged. For the industry overall, we expect North America and Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits, we expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be relatively flat. For the company in 2019, we are reiterating revenue growth of 3% to 7% with neutral foreign exchange. We are updating GAAP EPS from continuing operations from a range of $14.30 to $14.90 to a new range of $12.65 to $13.25. This incorporates the benefit from special items in the first quarter, lower estimated factory workers reconstruction costs and the associated gain of approximately $91 million, which was the $109 million in the previous guidance for 2019, that results from the placement of a value above book value, and a non-cash pension settlement charge of approximately $61 million pre-tax in the second quarter of 2019. The pension settlement charge relates to an agreement we entered into with Pacific Life Insurance Company in April to annuitize $106 million of our defined benefit pension obligation. As part of this transaction, we also transferred $100 million in pension assets to Pacific Life. This event required lead measurement of the pension plan and it will result in a $61 million non-cash, pre-tax settlement charge in the second quarter of 2019 to write-off the related, accumulated, actuarial losses. For adjusted EPS from continuing operations in 2019, we are reiterating guidance for a range of $12 to $12.60. And now let me run through our key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2019. We still expect to capture $80 million of additional price for the year. We are planning for a $25 million benefit from sourcing, and engineering led costs reductions and an $8 million benefit from residential factory productivity. We still expect $30 dollar headwind from commodities, and that's $15 million from freight, and $10 million from tariffs. We continue to expect headwinds of $15 million for distribution investments, and $15 million from SG&A. Net interest expense is still expected to be approximately $45 million. Corporate expenses are still targeted at $90 million for 2019 and we still expect an effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 23% on an adjusted basis for the full year. Now a couple of updates. Capital expenditures are now expected to be $195 million down from the $215 million in the previous guidance. The change is due to lower reconstruction cost to complete the Iowa manufacturing facility. We now expect this to be $95 million versus the prior guidance of $115 million and will be funded by insurance proceeds. And finally, we continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 39 million to 40 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $400 million of stock this year. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First on the line, we have Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Hey, maybe just the first question around the Commercial margins. I know you talked on the last call about headwinds in Q1 from labor inefficiencies and factory productivity. I just wondered if the margin decline in Q1 that you saw was worse than you thought. And how you think about the timetable of getting through those productivity issues over the balance of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: It's quite frankly a little worse than what we thought. And we now think it's going to be second half of the year before we see the margin expansion. I mean there were a couple of things though in the quarter for commercial above and beyond the factory. We had lower volume as well as the lower factory productivity as we discussed, and the lower volume hurt us on absorption. And as I talked about in the script, operationally we continue to focus on productivity improvements at our factory in Arkansas where we've been addressing these labor shortages and we continue to focus on training and ramping everybody up. Also in the second half of 2019, we expect to have a larger positive gap between price and commodities, freight and tariffs. So, on a full year basis, we're ahead as a Corporation and Commercial on a full year basis we're ahead, but in the first quarter in Commercial, we were negative price/cost, the elements I just said, because it takes a little longer for Commercial to get priced in the marketplace from -- the price increases they announced at the end of the year. So, second half of the year, we’ll have a positive gap between those two. As I mentioned on the script, margins are up nicely, which is up mid-single digits as we entered the quarter, and we -- as we enter a quarter on Commercial, about 50% of our revenue is already in backlog and 50% we have to book and ship.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then my second question on the residential business, any update on sort of broad end market conditions, how you are feeling about Q2. And also if the market share progress you're making is in line with what you'd hoped coming out of the tornado impact.
Todd Bluedorn: The short answer is -- short and long answer is, we're actually slightly ahead of where we thought coming out or when we guided last time of winning back share and you saw that in a lower tornado impact to core earnings, so in other words, we sort of overdelivered on the revenue and EBIT side for residential ex the tornado. I'd look at our results, our first quarter revenue was up 3% at actual and residential, and then we said we had 8% of tornado impact which implies we would have been up 11%. Residential is going -- still going very strong and we're getting ready for the summer selling season. We continue to gain back the share that was borrowed from us and we're confident as we go through the year we'll do that.
Julian Mitchell: And market conditions are as you thought as well?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean it's always a little hard to tell as you go – when you’re this early in the second quarter, but we have events. We call them Lennox LIVE, but they are really dealer meetings where we meet with thousands of our largest dealers in four or five locations around the country. The mood was extremely positive. People are excited, both loyal to us atleast that's what they tell us in the room when we bring them in, but they're showing that with their spending. But more importantly, people are confident going into the spending season. I think you saw. Well, I don't think you saw, you saw in our Commercial and Refrigeration numbers, which I think are more tied to sort of concerns that you'd get by watching cable news. And I think there is some softness that was attributable to our softness in Commercial and Refrigeration that was tied to sort of this macroeconomic overhang in North America or certainly in the U.S. I think that's now behind us. And all three of our businesses as we go into summer selling season feels pretty good.
Julian Mitchell: Thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to our Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
JeffHammond: Hey, good morning Tom. How are you?
Todd Bluedorn: Good. How are you?
JeffHammond: Good. So just, just going back to the kind of share recapture. Are you finding just what are your experiences as you talk to dealers and are you expecting some dealer attrition because it just seems like some of your competitors were suggesting that they’d be able to hold some of this share shift.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, the short answer is yes. There's some dealers we lost, that that won't come back. But at the same time every year, we have met hundreds of dealers that we bring on. We lose some, we bring new ones on. So sort of when it's all said and done, they can't hold all their dealers. They can't hold all their dealers plus the ones they took from us. So we're attacking on a broad front, both winning back our dealers, who they borrowed share from, but also going after their existing dealers. And so we're attacking on all fronts. We're real confident at the end of the year we're going to be in a good share position and we're seeing it in the numbers.
JeffHammond: Okay. And then just on Refrigeration, just confident that you know that steps up given some of the you know I guess pause or concern as we move into the latter part of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, its confidence you can be when you have 50% of backlog for the quarter and you still have to book and ship, but we're up double digits in Refrigeration backlog entering the quarter and like Commercial 50% of that we start to book and ship, with 50% of it's in backlog. Like Commercial, it can be lumpy where we saw the softness was in North America which was down mid-single digits our European business was actually up. And I think that ties to the theory of the case that I said earlier and so again, we're confident going into the balance of the year. Like Commercial there'll be a lag on price cost and so margin expansion will be second half the year, but we expect revenue to be up second quarter.
JeffHammond: Okay, thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey thanks. So first question is on second quarter. You said it's off to the sound start. I just want to confirm, is this true across all segments?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. So. So, I'll give you the math again. Commercial backlog up mid-single digits. Refrigeration backlog up double digits and residential where backlog doesn't much matter. You know we're off to a solid/strong start, but again, the reminder obviously that you know right now I'll say to others is April is about 20% of what we do. May is about a third, and June's half. So, bottom of the first, we're doing well, but we still have a [Indiscernible].
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Okay. And secondly, Commercial margin expansion in the second half of 2019, maybe just give us some context on the second quarter though. Should we be lowering our expectations, is that what we're sort of hearing?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. What I'm trying to tell you is -- is I think margins -- I would guide that margins will be flat to down in second quarter and they'll be up second half of the year. And it's a combination of still ironing out some of the factory productivity issues we have. Roadmaps in place we're executing it’s just a matter of when you have 1500 people in a factory and a lot of them are new. Getting everyone trained up and then second is, price cost. It was negative and Commercial first quarter will be relatively flat, and second quarter and then second half of the year we have positive price cost.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. And then maybe just quickly lastly, it's good to hear you’re taking back share in the resi business. But are you having to do less discounting than you expected?
Todd Bluedorn: I think, I'd answer it this way. We got 2% price in the quarter. We see it in the numbers and we're real confident we're going to get 2% price. So I won’t necessarily get into what we expected, but we’re holding – we’re getting the price increases that we had hoped for and what we guided to and we’re sticking with the price.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we’ll to Nicole DeBlase with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Nicole.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Hi. So, with respect to the margin improvement that you guys expect to for Commercial and Refrigeration for full year; is it possible to get a sense of the magnitude? Are we talking about 10, 20, 30 bps? Just give us some conviction around what’s embedded in the second half?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I’m not -- this early in the year I’m not going to guide the margins. I think I’ve given more than I normally do on segment guide. So we’re guiding that both will be up year-over-year, for the full year will be up second half for the year and will be down first half.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Okay, understood.
Todd Bluedorn: The way I frame it, I mean, I’m not breathless about margins that we’re confident that they’re going to be up.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Okay, got it. And then on capital allocations I know you guys raised the buyback guidance, makes a lot of sense, it seems like its deployment of Kysor proceeds. But does that – what’s that indicate with respect to the M&A pipeline if you could talk about that a little bit?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s a – there is no read-through to the M&A pipeline. Our M&A pipeline as we’ve talked about will sort of most likely be -- we think we’ll be interested in with the HVAC North America that would be large and lumpy and when that time comes – if that comes and then we’ll figure out how to finance and then take care of it in a shareholder friendly way. But in lieu of that we’re not to let the balance sheet grow and we’ll get money back to shareholders.
Q - Nicole DeBlase: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Robert McCarthy with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Rob, how are you?
Robert McCarthy: Good. I guess may be just to augment some of your comments around the homebuilding channel. I think you said positive growth there? And what you're seeing there? And then not to beat a dead horse, but it sounds like you’re really typifying this as a pause as opposed to something worse particularly in the Commercial channel in North America. Obviously, you have a limited visibility, but maybe you could just reiterate what the strength of your argument is there?
Todd Bluedorn: Construction -- new construction and Residential is up low single digits for the quarter. And again that's on -- that's with the tornado impact. We didn't break out the 8% tornado impact between new construction and replacement, although I would tell you, the vast majority of that was replacements. So, new construction is up sort of low to mid single digits roughly in line with what we expected for full year. And again, when we talk to the builders going into the summer building season they remain confident. In terms of Commercial and also I’d extend it to Refrigeration, within industry phenomenon there are three or four months where the industry was down. We were part of that. We saw industry data for February that’s started to recover. And as I said, we can see it on our order book and our backlog where our Commercial business is up mid single digits. And we talked to the customers, they are confident. So, we’ve seen last year in 2018 we had a couple of quarters where we were down. In a couple of quarters that we were really strong, and so it’s not unusual for that to be the case with this business.
Robert McCarthy: Any comments you can make up around the segments in terms of how we – is there any change that we could see in terms of underlying incremental margin lift at Refrigeration and Commercial, obviously given the fact that you change margin targets of Refrigeration that should be the case. But any kind of color how we should be thinking about incremental margins at the sub-segment level for those two? And then just in the context of resi?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not going to give you – at least I don’t have guide points that I’m going to share right now for 2019, the three-year targets and I would -- the three-year targets for Resi are 19 to 21 and for Commercial, 19 to 21 and for Refrigeration, 15 to 17 and I think about roughly is a straight line between 17 and 21 to get there, excuse me 18 and 21 to get there. But I think I've been pretty clear about, I said it three and four times that Commercial and Refrigeration will be back half for the year.
Robert McCarthy: Congrats for this sold start.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Just back to the share recovery pie, if we could. Could you still elaborate a little bit actually how you’re calculating that at this point, right? I would imagine it's somewhat imprecise, but we’re talking relatively precise numbers. I mean, the 8% unfilled orders or is it some other kind of mathematical construct?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, it’s a couple ways, and we sort of triangulate than its quite frankly how we’re talking to the insurance company also. I mean, we understand what the market does. And we understand what our share was going into the tornado. And so then we understand the delta between what “our revenue would have been to what it was”. So that’s top-down. The other way we do it is we know literally by customer. Who took -- who left us, who we allowed to leave, how much business they took and then we can tell how much we’re winning back as we get it back. So we have a pretty clear line of sight of what was lost, who was lost with, how much was lost. Quite frankly who took it, borrowed it from us. And so when it comes time as it is now to get it back we know exactly whose door to knock on and how to get it back.
Jeffrey Sprague: And to the extent that pushed, this is maybe a struggle for dealers as opposed to a struggle for volume within a dealer. Are there non-price things going on in your business kind of pledges the dealers, some givebacks, rebate, things like that showed some point in the future? Or do the numbers fully reflect the competitive dynamic that's going on?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Its fully reflect the dynamic that’s going on. In other words just from the accounting, I mean, if we make a promise on some kind step or kickback then that sort of reflected in the economics as we accrue the revenue against it. So that's all in there. I mean, we’re doing the basic things. Quite frankly, we always do when we convert dealers, and in this case it's getting back share, but somebody switched over a competitor X and they have a handful of furnaces or air-conditioners, we’ll buy them out. We’ll take over the units from them. But if they need some marketing support we’ll do that. There's lots of created things we’ll do and we reflected in the P&L. But as I said earlier, we did better on revenue and getting back to share in first quarter than we initially guided and we stuck with the 2% price. And so I would be nervous if we weren’t sticking price, but we’re sticking price.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Barry with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Robert, how are you?
Robert Barry: Good. Thanks. Maybe just to start with the weather, anything notable call out there, as either a headwind or a tailwind in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, it was a little bit cooler than it had been last year, but sort of on around the same number. So weather really didn’t impact much.
Robert Barry: Got it. And then, if I pull out that $22 million net benefit from the tornado and resi, which I think that you highlighted with kind of more than you expected. Kind of the underlying contribution margin there looks kind of -- I don’t know, kind of mid-teens ish maybe. I don’t know if that just seasonality or if there's anything mix going on in the quarter that you want to call out?
Joseph Reitmeier: Here’s what I think about it. Just talking resi overall, right? You’re talking resi?
Robert Barry: Yes.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. I mean, I would subtract $40 million of the insurance proceeds. Add back $80 million of tornado impact. And then add $35 million in revenue. And I think if you do that if it shows incremental sort of 28%, 29%. So, I'm not sure where you get 13%. I think it's 28%, 29% and I think it shows margins up 150, 160 basis points.
Robert Barry: Got it. Got it. Yes. No. I’ll definitely revisit the math there. On the Commercial…
Todd Bluedorn: I think you're just testing my conviction, Robert, I don’t…
Robert Barry: Okay. I was also doing the math on the fly. So, I’ll check it. On the Commercial just anything from a vertical perspective in terms of pressure, any particular verticals under pressure?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, it was across the board. I mean, we’re half national accounts. So predominately the story as you would expect would be national accounts. But I wouldn't believe that over to the broader concern that we all have longer-term about what's going to happen to retail. This is more people just sort of pulling back in and deferring. As you know in replacement there’s -- for national accounts the majority of the time that’s planned replacement, so they have discretion that they can make decisions on with just a matter of sort of pulling back a bit and the new construction, same thing.
Robert Barry: Got it, got it. Just lastly and I apologize in advance for kind of more esoteric accounting question, but just looking though the K for last year. I think there was a fairly significant headwind in this kind of other product cost category, which I think a lot of that was LIFO adjustments? Curious, if there's any visibility there on – like is that expected to be neutral this year or first or just any thought on how that might play in the P&L?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, I’ll give the layman’s answer and then I go to Joe, he’s here in front of me. I mean, LIFO just an accounting attempt to trueup at the end of the year what should or could have flown to the P&L during the year. And it has to do the timing of when the cost of inventory flows through the P&L. You had perfect information obviously, is sort of set up, so there was no LIFO adjustment. The negative LIFO that you saw -- we saw last year was really more of – we had really good or significantly good news in 2017. We have less good news in 2018. So it showed the change. The change was negative. When we think about LIFO during the year, we never guide to it, so we just sort of expected its going to be neutral during the year and that’s how I encourage you to think about it?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. What we expected to be and quite frankly the way that we planned it and we’re guiding is no impact in 2019 at this point. If that changes in future periods we’ll give you some heads up.
Robert Barry: Got it. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, John.
John Walsh: So, talking with some dealers we heard that there is some new fan efficiency rating requirements that are going to be coming online this summer. I believe it's more related to the heating side instead of the AC side. But just wanted to maybe understand that dynamic a little bit? And if you're seeing anything outside of kind of the normal share recapture that would distort the way to think about this cooling season?
Todd Bluedorn: Why don’t I talk about that that the regulatory change and talk about how it impact us and then I’ll make sure I capture the share impact at the end, because the answer to that is, yes, there’s some things that will take place with those of independent distribution. So, on July 3rd this year there's a furnace fan efficiency rating FER, furnace – excuse me, Fan Efficiency Rating, FER regulation is scheduled to go in effect. This requires some move from the standard efficiency what it called PSC motors to higher efficiency what it called constant torque of variable speed motors, its probably more technology than anyone that called once but waited -- from a business point of view, the regulatory change is going to add about 25 to 50 bucks to the cost of a furnace. This regulation is based on manufacturing stop date for the standard efficiency units and companies continue to sell them after that date, i.e., you can build up inventory of independent distribution, company distribution to sell later. And like we’ve done on other regulatory transitions, we’re going to have to prebuild of the standard units as well, as our competitors and we’ll continue to sell the past July 3. And the goal and we’re pretty confident that we’re going to do it, will be the same thing that happened on the 13 to 14 share transition that you sell -- you further in the new units that are higher cost over time and so there is a step function change in pricing, better stated, there isn’t this erosion of pricing on order units and so you sort of feathered in over time. And so we’re confident we’re going to be able to protect margin and price when we go through this transition. I think the impact that you’ll see in share will be – and you’ll be able to pick it up on the AHRI data, that the April, May, June aren’t big furnace seasons compared to wintertime. But some of our competitors or some independent distributors will see a big spike in furnace share, furnace volume for them during that time period that's them stocking independent distributors with these standard units that they can't build after July 3. You don’t see that in our numbers because we’ll carry the inventory ourselves and we’ll sell through the dealers during the furnace selling season that will come later in 2019. Was that clear enough, John?
John Walsh: Yes. No, that was a great detailed answer. Appreciate that. And then maybe just a quick follow-up here, I mean given the move in copper, wouldn’t necessarily expect any impact to 2019 giving your hedges, but how do you think about that move and maybe further or around pricing potential?
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to remain confident. We can get price to offset commodities and so I prefer that all the commodities go down rather than up, but if they go up we’ll price in the out years to do it. As of April we’re 73% hedged on copper for 2019, so we’re pretty locked in. And again as copper moves we’ll adjust.
John Walsh: Okay. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa: So what was price in the first quarter for a residential, price realized?
Todd Bluedorn: [Indiscernible] to make sure we got the right number.
Joseph Reitmeier: It was a little more than 2% for the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, so its 2% for the quarter. I know that, but I don’t know the exact number, but 2% for the quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then just kind of like better understand that how you calculate the tornado impact? I mean, your revenue was…?
Joseph Reitmeier: I heard [ph] from somebody, its $11 million.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Your revenue was up 3% or whatever, but you’re just kind of like looking at just stripping out the impact of the insurance proceeds, which you could consider to be like totally non-operational if you will, your profits were down. So, I guess if we’re not adjusting -- I guess the point is like you have extra cost that just running through from all the things that kind of skews that that kind of profit performance if not just kind of an incremental margin on the lost volume? Is that the correct way to kind of think about it?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, I’ll tell you what I think about it. I mean, we’ve been clear from the beginning that the drop-through on the lost revenues was going to be a rich drop-through. So the guide for the quarter or the actual for the quarter which is better than our guide was $35 million tornado impact, $35 million someone in the back ground is yelling and agreeing with me. It was $35 million of revenue impact and $80 million of the EBIT impact from the tornado. And that's because it's our highest margin product that’s really rich mix coming out of Marshalltown. So, if you take what our reported results were and subtract $40 million from the insurance proceeds and add back $35 million of revenue and $80 million of EBIT what you'll see is that our earnings were up 25% in resi and that our margins expanded 150, 160 basis points. We had a 28%, 29% incremental. So that's how I do the math and the story just what I thought it would be. I think your math doesn’t take into consideration $35 million in revenue yield at $80 million of EBIT and that’s because it's such a rich mix of product.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Got it. So, but I guess, if we just look at it in kind of on a real-world basis that would suggest that your profits would have been down on kind of these lower mix units -- on growth of those lower mix units?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, exactly, so for instance, the tornado impact we lost the cream [Indiscernible] right? So yes, we had lower margins.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. That’s really helpful. Thanks.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Joe Ritchie with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Joe Ritchie: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Joe.
Joe Ritchie: Hey. So, Todd, your comments earlier on resupplying your dealers, I’m just curious when you think about selling versus sell-through in the resi channel, how far along are you on the sell-in process?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re 75% to 80% owned distribution. So, we only have – we don't sell-in, sell-out, we just sell out. So we don’t recognize it until we sell the product. On our allied business there some inventory loading with selling in. But the sell-in, sell-out is really for people who are dominated or have large independent distribution, that's not us. Our numbers are 80% sell-through. That's all we report.
Joe Ritchie: And maybe asking that a little bit differently; in terms of getting your inventory levels back to where they need to be do you feel like you’re there at this point? Or is there still some room to go?
Todd Bluedorn: There’s still some room to go. I mean, we turned on full production at the end of first quarter. It’s now April and so we’re still sort of running our residential factories hard to get ready for the summer selling season.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. And then maybe one follow-on, as I kind of think about some of the cost headwinds that you guys outlined for the year whether that’s commodity, freight, tariffs. I guess how should we be thinking about the cadence? Was there any – like was there potentially disproportionate impact in 1Q? Or how are you guys thinking about it as the year progresses?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re thinking about it as that about a third of the benefit – we said that price would be $80 million and commodities, freights and tariffs will be 55, so we’re going to be 20 plus, $25 million. And we think order of magnitude, a third of that would be first half of the year and two-thirds of it will be second half of the year. And so it’s going to be backend loaded.
Joe Ritchie: Okay. And do you guys have a number for 1Q at your fingertips for that cost impact?
Todd Bluedorn: 1Q we were slightly negative.
Joe Ritchie: Slightly negative. Okay. Thanks guys.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Deepa Raghavan with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning. Can you comment on your Residential momentum in the quarter? I know backlogs don’t matter. You spoke pretty extensively about Residential. But just curious how was the progression from March to April, March was a big month. And also like some other distributors call that, was Easter, a benefit in the quarter and therefore probably a pull forward from Q2? Or just curious any other puts and takes from a year-on-year perspective or a seasonality perspective as we think about Q2?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I don’t think Easter much matters. I mean, I understand Good Friday is a selling day, but – so I don’t think Easter. It's not like Christmas where it’s a week of activity gets delayed or deferred. It's like a day of activity and not for lapsed Christians. I think in terms of the timing and the momentum of the business I think the end market remain strong and solid, but it's more about our performance, I mean the factories are roaring. We’re producing all the product lines. We’re sort of out there gaining back share. And so the momentum in the Residential business is strong as we go into second quarter.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. Can you – this is probably just a forward looking question. Can you comment on if you would be impacted by any Mexico border closure if that happens at all? And what could some of the steps be that you should taking to look around such an event? Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We would be impacted by a Mexico border shut down, parenthetically so with most of corporate America. And so obviously we produce a lot of production in Saltillo and as a percentage of our business even more than it was a year ago and we source components for Mexico for our North America factory. So shutdown would impact us. And so we’re doing the things you might expect to do looking at different options about buffering inventory and different ways to get across the border, but short answer is if the border get shutdown we’re all going to be impacted and we'll all scramble.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Thank you. That’s all I had.
Operator: And next, we’ll go to Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hey, gentlemen. Good morning. Just two quick ones from me. So, first just on the CapEx reduction, is there any reason why that $20 million shouldn’t flow down into free cash flow for the year? And then secondly just what’s the right quarterly D&A number once Iowa was kind of fully in the -- the reconstruction Iowa plant fully in the P&L?
Todd Bluedorn: Tim, I’ll take the capital spend comment. That’s really tied to the reconstruction of Marshalltown. So there’ll be direct reduction in insurance proceeds as well for the capital expenditures there.
Tim Wojs: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: And then D&A comment.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. Depreciation and amortization, we have $80 million for the full year. That will impact us more as we get into 2020, but not so much in 2019.
Tim Wojs: Okay, great.
Operator: The next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Gautam, how are you?
Gautam Khanna: Doing well, thanks. Follow-up question on the Commercial productivity comment you made in the warranty expense. Just -- is there any amplifying color you can give on what's at the root of the problem there? Is it behind us or…
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t remember anything about warranty, but I mean, the issue has to do with productivity and it has to do with – we’re a seasonal business we’ll bring in and a significant amount of temp workers every year into the factory and when unemployment are at record, not record lows, but lows that none of us have seen in our business life time. It's much harder to get workers. And so it has to do with attrition and absenteeism and training the workers we’ve had. We made some adjustments. Quite frankly we’ve raised the wage rates. We’ve change the way we’re operating with direct labor in the factory. And I’ll be frank I thought at the end of the first quarter it would be behind us. Its lingered longer than what we had hoped, but I’m confident we’re doing the right things and we’ll get it better.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Now the warranty reference was in the release, higher warranty year-over-year and other product cost, but okay?
Todd Bluedorn: That’s really for the absence of good news versus bad news in the year and that's what it's about.
Gautam Khanna: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Good catch.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. No, no, that’s helpful. I appreciate it. And then just -- if you could just comment on the competitive environment across the three segments, if there's been any change more. Obviously, we understand the resi dynamic of temporarily donating some share. But if you could just talk about have you seen any incremental price pressure? Is the industry still quite disciplined in terms of kind of raising price to offset commodity and holding it. Anything you've seen that would signal any sort of change relative to a quarter or two ago?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean price realization is always as a test of an industry dynamic and we continue to get price in the marketplace across all three of our segments. And we're confident that we'll do it. I mean, residential is sort of now fine again. I mean, I think about the analogy it's two or three metaphors here, but you think about a fighter with an arm tied behind his back and that's what our sales force felt like, and now their arms released and you know they're wild dogs chasing after raw meat in the marketplace after being held back, and so we're excited going in the second quarter.
Gautam Khanna: And last one from me, just now that you know Marshalltown is back online. Any change to how you got the production system if you will and how you know you're going to source more or less from Marshalltown relative to South Carolina and in Mexico. Anything you can comment about how that might change relative to pre tornado?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think, it's what I said earlier about this that we've built capability at our other two factories, a new premium product and we're glad we now have that capability there, and we don't plan on sort of eliminating that capability. But man, we're really glad we had the Marshalltown team. They've done a heroic job and having all of that experience allowed us to come back and so we're excited about the Marshalltown team, but obviously we're excited about continuing to grow our Mexico facility in our South Carolina facility also.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Todd, can you just talk a little bit about the two 2Q, 3Q. I guess you know both changes and just how you're thinking about the loss profits there. It seems like with heating and cooling now being both at full strength. I get that there's some temporary share shift that comes back and forth, but just any reason why those numbers couldn't be lower still. I think you know just case in point in the in your table you had it actually going up in 2Q in terms of loss profits. So, anything you want to kind of monologue about there would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: I mean the guide is the guide. So I mean it could be better, it could be worse. That's the nature of guide. I mean, we're attacking or winning it back, but I mean it takes time and it also takes time and I think you understand this is you know our competitors have smart when they went in and did this. They have rebates tied to sort of buying so much product or they tried to get dealers to buy cooling product early in first quarter before we had the full capacity to meet people's needs. And so, so it’s going to take us some time to win back, but if we do better like in second or third quarter then like we did in first quarter that's obviously very good news.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. And then I guess just related to that, I think Joe said that mix was up and resi in the first quarter. I guess a little surprising just given that you know some of the higher mix product was what was most impacted. Is that something that was more of an anomaly or how should we think about mix over the balance of the year? Because I think both pricing and mix if you if you didn't know that the high margin stuff were the one that was off line, it would read like any other quarter the past few years?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes. Mix was up just slightly. The majority of it was price. But we did have slight favorable mix within the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: And we would expect and again it was not negatively impacted from the lost revenue of $35 million because that was skewed to the highest profitable setting. The point is we've had significantly better mix if we had, had the tornado impact.
Josh Pokrzywinski: The mix should accelerate over the balance of the year. I guess is one other way to interpret that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think, I'd interpret it. We'll have a strong mix here in 2020.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it. Thanks a lot Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: The final question will be from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe: Thanks guys. Good morning. Hi, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Nigel, how are you?
Nigel Coe: Yes. Good thanks. So just wanted to go back to inventories you know quite a build up year-over-year and obviously these were unusual backdrop with the rebuild model time, but maybe just speak to that Todd, how you see inventories playing out especially given this switchover that's happening in July.
Todd Bluedorn: Well I think part of what's in that. I think our inventory was up 7% or an order of magnitude at last first quarter versus the prior year quarter, we were up 18%. So when your revenues is growing, you tend to build inventory. You also lay and the cost impacts that we've had on commodities, you know that's also part of what's building into our inventory number and in the prebuilt of the furnaces. So we're still ramping up our factories, still driving production and inventory will continue to build until we get to the other side of the summer selling season.
Nigel Coe: Okay. Okay, that’s great. And then just quickly on new construction. You know we've seen housing starts down double digits through the first quarter. March was in February, February was in January. Does that suggest that your new builder channel will get worse will get better. And finally you said low to middle digit growth for the full year, but does it get worse before it gets better?
Todd Bluedorn: You know we were up low to mid-single digits. I think it was low single digits in first quarter for us. So we had a solid first quarter and we think it's going to be up low single digits for the balance of the year. Again, we'll see what happens.
Nigel Coe: And where is that mix right now tugged between new build and replacement for resi?
Todd Bluedorn: We're probably 15%, 20% new construction to balance out on replacement.
Nigel Coe: Right. Okay thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: I'll turn it back to the company for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Operator. To wrap up, our recovery from tornado impact continues to accelerate as we enter our largest seasonal quarters. Overall for the company, the second quarter is off to a slow start. We're reiterating our 2019 revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. We look forward to another year of strong growth and profitability. I want to thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-05 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2018. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. [Operator Instructions]. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast at today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will also be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start with a review of 2018 overall and then discuss some fourth quarter highlights and then thoughts on 2019. Lennox International posted another record year in 2018 as the company set new highs for revenue, operating margin, profit and cash generation while working through the challenges from the tornado damage at our manufacturing facility in Iowa and continuing to focus our business portfolio with the divestitures of our Australia, Asia and South America Refrigeration businesses. The GAAP financials we discuss today have the impact from the divestitures in the numbers. Adjusted financials have the impact out of the numbers to present a clearer view out of the remaining Refrigeration businesses in North America and Europe. Company revenues for 2018 on a GAAP basis was a record $3.88 billion, up 1%, including the impact from the divestitures in the tornado. On an adjusted basis for 2018, revenue was up 4%. The tornado had a negative 3% impact on revenue growth for the full year. GAAP operating income rose 3% to a record $510 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 22% to a record $8.77. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 6% to a record $540 million, and total segment margin expanded 30 basis points to a new high of 14.2%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 20% to a record $9.42. Turning to our business segments for the year. Residential established new highs for revenue, margin and profit. Segment revenue rose 4%, including a negative 6% impact from the tornado. Segment profit rose 7%, including a negative 11% net impact from the tornado. And segment margin expansion 50 basis points to 18%, including a negative 70 basis points of net impact from the tornado. Our Commercial business set new records for revenue and profit for the year. Commercial revenue rose 7%, profit was up 1% and segment margin was down 90 basis points to 15.3%, impacted by labor inefficiencies and lower factory productivity as well as other product costs. We expect these factors to be largely behind us in the first quarter of 2019 and margins to expand in 2019. In North America, Commercial Equipment revenue was up high single digits. Replacement revenue was up high single digits and new construction was up mid-single digits at constant currency. Looking at the business another way, revenue from regional and local business was up low double digits. National account equipment revenue was up mid-single digits for the year, and the company won 25 new national account customers across diverse verticals in 2018. On the service side, Lennox National Account Services revenue was up more than 20% for the year. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was down low double digits at constant currency. Turning to Refrigeration. Before I get into the financials, let me talk about the planned divestiture of our Kysor/Warren business. We are well along in the process and expect the sale to close in the first quarter of this year. As was the case with our other divestitures, this enables us to focus on Refrigeration businesses, but we have strong market positions and that fit our growth profiles. The businesses that remain are our Heatcraft business in North America and our European Refrigeration businesses. In 2019, this segment will also include our Europe Commercial HVAC business as we manage that in the Europe Refrigeration business together in the region. These are all strong businesses for us, and they're well positioned to capitalize on opportunities in respect of markets. On our website, we have posted reclassified Commercial and Refrigeration segment revenue and profit for 2018 by quarter to reflect these changes so you can adjust your models accordingly. Regarding Refrigeration financials. Adjusted revenue was up 1% for the year. Segment margin was down 30 basis points to 12% and profit was down 1%. Regionally, at constant currency, North America revenue was down low single digits. Revenue from Kysor/Warren, the business being divested, was down, while our Heatcraft business in North America was up mid-single digits. Europe Refrigeration revenue was up mid-teens for the year. Turning to the fourth quarter. Company revenue on a GAAP and adjusted basis was $844 million. GAAP revenue at constant currency was down 4%, including the impact from divestitures in the tornado. Adjusted revenue, excluding the impact from divestitures, was up 1% at constant currency. The tornado had a negative 8% impact on revenue growth in the quarter. GAAP operating income rose 12% to a fourth quarter record of $116 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 82% to a fourth quarter record of $1.86. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 7% to a fourth quarter record of $110 million. Total segment margin expanded 70 basis points to a new fourth quarter high of 13%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 18% to a fourth quarter record of $1.93. Looking at our business segments for the fourth quarter. Residential revenue was down 3%, including a negative 14% impact from the tornado. Segment profit rose 7%, including a negative 17% net impact from the tornado. And segment margin expanded 170 basis points to a fourth quarter record 17.7%, including a negative 10 basis points of net impact from the tornado. In Commercial for the fourth quarter, revenue set a new fourth quarter record and was up 9% at constant currency on strong and broad growth in North America. Segment profit was down 7% as margins declined 240 basis points to 15% due to the timing of other product costs in the quarter as well as labor inefficiencies and lower factory productivity. North America Commercial equipment revenue was up high single digits. Replacement revenue was up high single digits. New construction was up low double digits at constant currency. Looking at the business another way, revenue from regional and local business was up high single digits. National Account revenue was up low double digits in the quarter. On the service side, Lennox National Account Services revenue was up more than 20%. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was down mid-single digits at constant currency. In Refrigeration for the fourth quarter, revenue was up 1% at constant currency. Regionally, North America revenue was down low single digits with Kysor/Warren revenue down and Heatcraft revenue up high single digits. Europe Refrigeration revenue was up mid-teens for the quarter at constant currency. Refrigeration profit was down 25% and segment margin declined 300 basis points to 9.2% in the quarter as we had some unfavorable mix in our Heatcraft and Europe businesses as well as the timing of certain expenses and other product costs in the quarter. We expect organic margin expansion to resume in 2019 and be up for the year. Looking ahead for the company overall in 2019, we are reiterating our revenue and EPS guidance. The first quarter's off to a solid start and the cold weather certainly has helped. We remain on track to meet -- to either meet or exceed the tornado recovery plan discussed at our Investment Community Meeting in October. Across our 3 Residential factories, we're back to full production capability for cooling products as we enter 2019, and we expect to be there for heating products in the first quarter. We are working aggressively to fully refill our distribution channel and are taking back share that was borrowed from us last year. Our current view on the tornado financial impact has not moved much from what we talked about in December, but let me provide an update for the fourth quarter actuals and what is currently expected for 2019. First big picture. We now expect total insurance proceeds of approximately $356 million, up from $347 million previously. We received $124 million of that in 2018 and expect approximately $232 million in 2019. The noncore gain expected for the difference in book value and replacement value of assets is now $120 million compared to $132 million previously due to lower estimated construction costs. From a core perspective in the fourth quarter, the tornado impact on revenue was $69 million, $4 million more than estimated, and the tornado impact on segment profit was $40 million, $2 million more than estimated, which we will recover from insurance in 2019. From a core perspective for 2019, the negative tornado impact is still expected to be $85 million on revenue and the negative impact on profit is now expected to be $43 million, up from $35 million previously. Insurance recovery is now expected to be $83 million, up from $73 million, and the net profit is now expected to be $40 million, up from $38 million. A lot there. Looking at the tornado impact by quarter in 2019. For the $85 million of revenue and $43 million of profit impact, we expect approximately 50% of that in the first quarter, 25% in the second quarter and 25% in the third quarter. We had posted a tornado financial update chart on our website with the details reflecting the prior estimates and the current view. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $461 million, down 3%. Volume was down 4%, price was up 3% and mix was down 2% with foreign exchange neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $82 million, up 7%. Segment margin was a fourth quarter record 17.7%, up 170 basis points. Segment profit was favorably impacted by $27 million of tornado insurance proceeds for the third quarter lost profits, favorable price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions and factory productivity. Partial offsets included $40 million of negative tornado impact from the fourth quarter, lower volume, unfavorable mix, unfavorable foreign exchange, higher commodity, tariff, freight and other product costs, distribution investments and higher SG&A. For the full year, Residential segment revenue was a record $2.23 billion, up 4%, volume was up 2%, price was up 2% and mix was flat. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a record $399 million, up 7%. Segment margin was a record 18%, up 50 basis points. Now turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was a fourth quarter record $270 million, up 8%. Volume was up 4%, price was up 1% and mix was up 4%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Commercial segment profit was $41 million, down 7%. Segment margin was 15%, down 240 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by lower factory productivity and higher other product costs, higher commodity and freight costs and higher SG&A. Partial offsets included higher volume, favorable price and mix and sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions. For the full year, Commercial revenue was a record $1.04 billion, up 7%. Volume was up 5%, price was up 1% and mix was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Segment profit was a record $160 million, up 1% and segment margin was 15.3%, down 90 basis points. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue was flat in the fourth quarter at $113 million. Volume was up 3%, price was up 2% and mix was down 4%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Refrigeration segment profit was $10 million, down 25%. Segment margin was 9.2%, down 310 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by unfavorable mix, higher commodity, freight, distribution and other product costs, along with higher SG&A. Partial offsets included higher volume, favorable price and sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions. For the full year, revenue was $545 million, up 1%. Volume was up 2%, price was up 1% and mix was down 3%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact. Segment profit was $66 million, down 1% and segment profit margin was 12%, down 30 basis points. Regarding special items in the fourth quarter. The company had net after-tax charges totaling $2.6 million, and they included a charge of $10.5 million for tax items related to divestitures, a net charge of $4.4 million for restructuring and various other items and a gain of $8.4 million from insurance recoveries net of losses incurred and a benefit of $3.9 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. For the full year, the company had net after-tax special charges of $25.6 million. This included a net loss of $26 million on the sale of businesses and related property, a net charge of $5.8 million for tax items related to divestitures, a net charge of $12.5 million for restructuring and various other items and a benefit of $10.5 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation and a gain of $8.2 million from insurance recoveries net of losses incurred. Corporate expenses were $23 million in the fourth quarter and $84 million for the full year. Overall, SG&A was $142 million in the fourth quarter or 16.8% of revenue, down from 17.7% in the prior year quarter. For 2018, overall, SG&A was $608 million or 15.7% of revenue, down from 16.6% in the prior year. For 2018, the company had cash from operations of $496 million compared to $325 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures were $95 million for the full year compared to $98 million in the prior year and free cash flow was $411 million for 2018 compared to $227 million in the prior year. In 2018, the company paid $94 million in dividends and repurchased $450 million of company stock. Total debt was $1.04 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, and we ended the year with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.7. Cash and cash equivalents were $46 million at the end of the year. Now before I turn over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2019. Our underlying market assumptions for the year are unchanged. For the industry overall, we expect North America and Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits, we expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be relatively flat. The company's guidance for 2019 remains the same that we presented in the December Investment Community Meeting. We continue to expect revenue growth of 3% to 7% with neutral foreign exchange. We still expect GAAP EPS from continuing operations in a range of $14.30 to $14.90, and we still expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations in a range of $12 to $12.60. Now let me run through the other key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2019, all of which are unchanged. We expect the cash for $80 million of additional price for the year. We are planning for a $25 million benefit from sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions and an $8 million benefit from Residential factory productivity. We still expect a $30 million headwind from commodities, $15 million from freight and $10 million from tariffs. Other investments -- other headwinds include $15 million for distribution investments and $15 million from SG&A. Net interest expense is expected to be approximately $45 million, up from $38 million last year. And a few other guidance points. Corporate expenses are targeted $90 million for 2019. We expect an effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 23% on adjusted basis for the full year. Capital expenditures are still planned to be approximately $215 million, including $115 million in 2019 to complete the reconstruction of the Iowa manufacturing facility funded by insurance proceeds. And finally, we continue to expect a weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 39 million and 40 million shares, which incorporates our plans to repurchase $350 million of stock this year. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. First on the line, we have Julian Mitchell with Barclays.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just a first question around the unchanged cost headwind guidance you talked about, the $30 million, $15 million and $10 million. There seems to be some different commentary from your peers about the phasing as they see it of the cost headwinds through this year, something they're level loaded, something they're very front half loaded. Maybe just characterize how you see those cost pieces as we look half-on-half or quarterly through this year.
Todd Bluedorn: I think that way we see them right now, they're probably more front end loaded than back end loaded. And if I was going to do a model, I might do 60-40 between the front end and the back end.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And price, fairly level loaded with volumes moving, I guess?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Julian Mitchell: And then my second question, maybe just give us a little bit of context around the Kysor/Warren divestment. Maybe just talk through a couple of points on why you're keeping what you're keeping in Refrigeration versus obviously what you're divesting, having owned the business for sort of 7 or 8 years.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, it's the same logic that we've had as we've looked at the other businesses that we've sold. We wanted to focus on the businesses where we had a strong market position and that fit our growth profile. And we just made the decision that the Kysor/Warren didn't fit that. The structure of the industry is a tough business. And so we made the decision to exit. And as I said on the call, we're well on the way of that transaction and expect to close by the end of first quarter. We like the businesses that we have left, and you never say never. But at least for right now, the team we have on the fields, our team, we like it. We think we have good growth profile, good growth potential and we are focused on it.
Operator: Next question from Tim Wojs with Baird.
Timothy Wojs: Just wanted to focus a little bit on mix in resi. I think it was down 2% for the quarter. How much of that do you think was driven by the impact of the tornado? I'm just trying to understand, I don't think you're seeing any sort of a trade-down in the business. I just want to make sure that's the case.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think it was exclusively the tornado. I mean, because we were impacted -- as you know that -- I'll just say it for the record of everybody else's, where we're impacted on the Marshalltown facility is where we make premium furnaces. And so we were able to -- Rick started to ramp it back up, but we didn't get to full production and certainly didn't get to full inventory levels. And so the mix down is due to the tornado impact.
Timothy Wojs: Okay, okay. And then as you look at recovering the share, I mean, have you -- I know you're pretty close to your dealers. But I mean, have you talked to your dealers? Are there any sort of, I don't know, agreements that maybe we don't see that you guys see that give you confidence in that share recovery ramp?
Todd Bluedorn: The direct answer is there aren't any annual agreements to tie people in. I think what ties them in is the service, the capability, the digital support, the product, the relationships we have at the local level that we do business with thousands of very loyal Lennox dealers. And as we start to refill, we expect it to come back. We're confident as we go into 2019 on the operational side. We're either going to meet or exceed the tornado recovery plan that we discussed with investors back in December across three Residential factories. We're back in full production capability for cooling products as we enter 2019, and we expect to be there for heating products in the first quarter. And we're working aggressively to fully refill our distribution channel. And we're taking back market share now that was borrowed from us last year. And we expect that share take back to accelerate as we go through the year.
Timothy Wojs: Great. And then just based on your intel, just kind of units plus price, what did you think the resi market grew in the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we have some AHRI data we're going to dig up and I'll give you a specific answer. It was high single digits, I want to say 8% or 9%, but I'll -- I'm trying to somewhat like [indiscernible]
Timothy Wojs: And I just got to say, we've got the units. I'm just curious with the price.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We've got 2% on price. So I assume others got something similar. And so if units are up 8% and a couple of points of price, revenue was probably up 10% and I don't know what mixed it.
Operator: Next on the line is Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Tusa: Just on the kind of segment changes, am I looking at that right, that basically, Europe HVAC, while kind of small, I guess, $150 million, something like that, is operating at kind of a very, very low single-digit margin type of number?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, yes.
Charles Tusa: So is that -- are those businesses core? Or is that something that -- and I guess, you're going to kind of look to fix that, I would assume? That's kind of an unacceptable margin for you guys? What's kind of the longer-term strategic potential with kind of the new European structure?
Todd Bluedorn: It was a tough year in HVAC in 2018, and we talked about it where revenue was down significantly because of regulatory change that added 15% cost to the rooftops, which is our primary product line. And that led to 2 or 3 quarters where revenue has been down double digits in that business, and that had significant impact on profitability. If you go back a few years, we made not great money there, but not to our corporate average, but significantly better operating margins than what we had in 2018. So fundamentally, the business is better than what it showed in 2018. It doesn't mean there isn't a lot of work there, and that's where we're focused on about, expanding the product line, growing the top line to be able to absorb the fixed cost that we have there, and it's always in Europe, finding creative ways to lower our cost. So yes, our Europe business was a keeper, we just need to find how to grow it and make it more profitable.
Charles Tusa: And then just on Kysor, I didn't quite understand the footnote. Are you now stripping -- I mean, you said Kysor was going to be closed before the end of the first quarter. Can you just remind us of sales, EBITDA? And then I would assume that given the state of the industry right now that the multiples around these businesses can't be that great. Maybe you could just -- and then also, beyond that, what do you expect to do with the -- with whatever proceeds you're going to get? So just a little bit to help us on color around how much you're going to get and then what you're going to do with it and what you're losing?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The order of magnitude, it's $150 million of revenue, and we lost $3 million of EBIT in 2018 because people are going to be -- you're going to be able to back that out, so that's sort of what it is. And we're in the process of selling it and we again expect to have it closed by end of first quarter. The proceeds -- so the normal mantra that you'd expect me to say around targeting at the debt to EBITDA, but in lieu of anything else, any acquisition or -- that for some reason, CapEx needs to go up, you'd expect it to flow into share buyback.
Charles Tusa: Okay. So you are -- from here on out, you're going to basically, that business will obviously -- it's not part of guidance today essentially, the -- so running 0 anyway?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I don't think I'm sure about that. Yes, it's not part of guidance and it won't be in the "adjusted core numbers".
Charles Tusa: Okay. And then one last quick one for you. How exactly do you calculate the kind of 14% impact from tornado? Is that just what -- who bought from you last year and then who didn't buy from you this year? I mean, how do you actually get to that number in the fourth quarter on sales?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, we do it a couple of ways. One is we know what the market did, we know what our market share and gains have been historically and what our actual results were. And so the difference is the tornado impact. So high level, we're gaining 0.25 point or 0.5 point or 0.75 point, so we know what the market was up 8% units, we know what our actual unit volume did. And so that delta between where the market was and where we would have been versus where we were is the top level way we do it. And the way to come from the bottom is on a micro level, we can look at customers and we know who we turned off and who bought less and then we sort of add it up from the bottom and compare the 2 numbers, they're relatively the same number and that's what we talk about publicly and that's also what we are talking with insurance companies about.
Charles Tusa: Right. And the impact of the third quarter of 25%, the lingering impact is not -- is basically just what you'd have to chop to kind of gain some of those guys back, even though your production will be up and running by the second quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I'm not sure I understood the 25%.
Charles Tusa: Well, you said 25% of the impact was going to linger in the third quarter, but you sound like you're going to be fully operational by second quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct, yes, exactly.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Hammond: Just back to the Europe HVAC business. Can you give us a sense of kind of where that business you think structurally can be from a margin perspective once you do some restructuring and maybe recover some of the regulatory? And then also just should we think of these 2021 targets for the segments any differently with the reclass? I guess, particularly Commercial seems a lot more profitable standalone.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I'll answer the second one because that's a little easier to answer because that's straightforward. The Residential doesn't change. So we ended -- sort of ignoring the tornado, we ended -- which I wish I could do, ignore the tornado, but ignoring the tornado, we're about 18.5% operating margins and the 3-year target is 19% to 21%. Commercial, the new Commercial segment ended '18 at 17.5% and our new 3-year target is 19% to 21%. And then Refrigeration ended 2018, the new segment at 13.1% and the new target is 15% -- or the target is 15% to 17%. And overall, for the corporation, it's now $4.3 billion of revenue, which is a 16% -- or excuse me, a 6% CAGR off of where we ended '18 with that 18% EBIT margin, which is up 50 basis points from what we guided in December. So that's sort of the new 3-year targets. And in terms of Europe HVAC, just structurally, Europe, for most businesses, including HVAC, is structurally less profitable than it is in North America. I think this is a double-digit loss business and therefore, we're really high performing better than that. And obviously, we have a ways to go to get to that. But I think we clearly have line of sight to get it to double digits, and then we'll see what we have to do to get higher than that.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. And then just a housekeeping on the tornado, I don't know if I missed this. But do you know the insurance proceeds for 1Q at this point that would be included in that Residential, our profit number?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The way I would -- we talked about the impacts on the core of $85 million of revenue and $43 million of profit and we said 50% in Q1, 25% in Q2, 25% in Q3. And then for the $83 million of insurance proceeds that we're now expecting in 2019 to offset the $43 million in '19 plus the $40 million in Q4, which is, I think, what you're asking about, for modeling purposes, I would tell you that the total proceeds of $83 million spreaded equally over the 4 quarters in 2019. We're obviously working with insurance companies. We're confident we're going to get it all. The timing is still a bit questionable. So for modeling purposes, I take the $83 million and spread it out over the 4 quarters.
Operator: Next question is from John Walsh with Crédit Suisse.
John Walsh: So I guess, just kind of going back to recapturing the borrowed market share. Can you talk about the tools you're using to do that? I assume some of it's like joint marketing. And how some of those early campaigns are going, it seems to be pretty successful. And maybe just also, given how specific you are with numbers around who's been turned off, how should we expect you to communicate that going forward to us so that we know you're reclaiming that lost captured share? Would it be a dollar amount of the reclaimed or a percentage? Or will it just be -- we'll have to look at how you're outgrowing relative to the market? Any help on that would be appreciated.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's going to be the last answer. I mean, we'll see what clarity we have to bring. But I think we'll be clear when you have a quarter like we did in fourth quarter. And we're saying our revenue was down, but adjusting for the tornado, it will be up 14% more. That 14% will shrink, shrink, shrink and eventually go away. And then that way, you'll know that "we had no tornado impact" and then our revenue growth is greater than our -- the industry data or our competitors and you know we're gaining it back. I mean, high level, you'd expect that really to happen second half of the year. First half of the year, we had no tornado impact. Second half of the year, we had it. And so second half of the year is when we should start to outgrow the market in a significant way. That was the first -- second part of the question. Remind me the first part.
John Walsh: Just the tools you're using to win back that -- our market share.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The tools we're using, I think, are the things you'd expect us to do. Again, we have granular detail, we know who we have to go to, we know what we have to bring. We have sort of the full toolkit of the things we always have to do to sell to our customers, digitization, the marketing programs, the advertising programs, the equipment. And then we're incenting our sales guys to go get it. I was at our national sales meeting last week. And I'll tell you, I spent a long time talking about it, sales folks are fired up. And when sales folks get paid for something, they usually go do it and we're ready to go get it.
John Walsh: Yes. Maybe just a quick follow-up here on -- thinking about Commercial unitary market share. I mean, when we were down at AHR, clearly, there's a lot of new product being launched, particularly from the market leader in that space to kind of no longer give up market share. I mean, how do you think about your ability to kind of continue to take share in that Commercial unitary rooftop market?
Todd Bluedorn: We have lots of confidence. I mean, I know there -- assume that's Carrier, but -- that you're talking about. So they're making investments in products. Although I think a lot of their investments has been skewed towards the applied segment, less that sort of unitary where we play sort of at the -- sort of entry-level stuff. And -- but we're aggressively focused on that. You saw our numbers were strong in the fourth quarter in Commercial. We talk about focusing on local and regional segment when we were with you in December, and we were up 20% or so in that segment. And so we're focused and we're confident that we'll continue to grow share.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Deepa Raghavan: This is Deepa Raghavan for Rich Kwas. A couple of quick details. So the weather has been pretty choppy, at least in some parts of the U.S. here, just ranging from extreme cold to mid-50s on some days, in some parts at least. Just curious, is that enough to drive the strength in the quarter? Or is there a more than seasonal adjustment we should be thinking about this quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, the weather certainly helps. And when it's minus 20 in Chicago, we're selling furnaces, and so that's helpful. And so -- but it's -- 25% to 30% of the quarter revenue is in January and March can be as high as half the quarter. So it's still -- as we get into March, it's still going to be the transitioning to the cooling season, stocking dealers, preparing for the summer that shut the comps, so cold weather helps. Hot weather will allow you to make second quarter a cold weather, very subtle and should allow you to make first quarter, and that's going to be the case.
Deepa Raghavan: Got it. My follow-up would be, you're -- so are you -- looks like you're expecting full recovery of that 3% sales last year to tornado. Is that contemplated at the midpoint of your 3% to 7% revenue growth outlook? And within that 3% to 7%, the second part of that is, what's sort of a housing slowdown? Or can you put it to starts or something that you can consider? I mean, if you can give us something that we could pivot to, that would be pretty helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Our revenue guidance sort of anticipates what we're going to do in the Residential business, yes. In terms of new housing, the last 2 or 3 years, we sort of baked into our -- often to our numbers as we started the year double digit, 10% or so new housing starts. In 2019, we're thinking it's more going to be mid-single digits, 5% or so is what we have baked into our models.
Deepa Raghavan: That's new construction housing starts based on housing starts?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, when we think about our new construction growth, we tie -- we sort of bake it, tie it to housing starts.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay, got it. So mid-single digit, some growth in new construction?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Operator: And next, we go to Robert Barry with Buckingham Research.
Robert Barry: Just a few follow-ups here. The inefficiencies you were highlighting in Commercial, is that we had last quarter too? I think it was confined to Europe.
Todd Bluedorn: The issues with margins in the quarter, I mentioned lower factory productivity. That was part of it, that was the lesser part of it. But the lower factory productivity we talked about, I think I talked about it in December was -- or on the last earnings call, was we're really tied to labor constraints and our Stuttgart, Arkansas factory not being able to hire enough workers and temporary workers and keeping the lines fully up and running and handling all the absentees that we were seeing. We've made some adjustments on how we're hiring and handling people. And I think to a large degree, that's now behind us. It takes a while for the good news to flow through the P&L given we do LIFO accounting, but we're pretty confident operationally it's behind us. The other issue for the quarter was just the timing of other costs. I hate to get into the accounting of things. But last year, we have good news in fourth quarter and this year, we had bad news around different elements. And so it was just sort of the timing of the other costs. But -- so the -- we're still confident we're going to have the right margin trajectory for Commercial in 2019. And direct answer to your question is, if I was anticipating your question, we think the factory issues are, to a large part, behind us at this point.
Robert Barry: Got it, got it. I mean, should we just assume that the first half or the first quarter continues to be a little weaker there in terms of cadence?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, because I -- given what I was saying, I was trying to shed that -- yes, I would sort of build my model second half clear margin expansion, first half a bit more choppy.
Robert Barry: Got it. And following up on the pricing cadence, I mean, I think during '18, the pricing was building through the year. So on a year-over-year basis, I would think that you'd see much better contribution to growth from price in the first half. Is that accurate?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's broadly correct. I think our -- the only caveat would be sort of the -- we didn't get as much price as we would have most likely got in the second half of this year, certainly fourth quarter this year in resi because of the tornado issues, right? And so when I think about our ability to sort of go out and really capture and stick the price increase, we'll get a better yield from the price increase we're doing this year second half than we did this year second half.
Robert Barry: Got it, got it. Okay. Just finally, on commodities, I mean, I think copper has ticked up a little bit recently. But net-net, year-over-year, it's still I think down pretty nicely. I think you start to hedge it out 18 months out, so maybe too early to get into 2020. But just directionally, are you starting to kind of hedge in some nice tailwinds on the commodities front at this point for next year?
Todd Bluedorn: For 2020?
Robert Barry: Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: Man, my head was so full of the tornado numbers, Robert. I'd be able to -- I think the...
Robert Barry: I think it's good news.
Todd Bluedorn: The answer is we're hedging for 2020 and they're rolling in lower than the hedges that we're taking.
Operator: Next, we will go to Robert McCarthy with Stephens.
Robert McCarthy: In any event, obviously, math isn't my strong suit, so I'll ask two very high-level vanilla questions. First is just talking about the prevailing environment and what the macro headline has seen. Have you seen anything in your business in terms of your backlogs, in terms of -- on the retail side, in terms of anything across Commercial or Residential that gives you pause? And maybe you could just square the circle with some of the comments we've seen around the macro on the Commercial side. And then on the Residential side, what Watsco has referred to episodically over the past six months?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll first talk about Commercial. The short answer is no. We had a strong fourth quarter, both in national accounts and in our local and regional businesses. Equipment business was up, service business was up 20%. I agree. If you watched MSNBC or Fox, you're petrified. But I think on the ground, that continues to be solid, if not strong. In terms of Florida, we talked about this in the past. I'll touch it again. Through the first 9 months of the year before we had any tornado impact, our Florida business was up 3% -- 2%, 3%, low single digits in unit volume. And so then with price and with mix, up mid-single digits. And so we haven't seen any -- and then obviously, we had the tornado impact, so it's hard to tell in the fourth quarter. We -- I don't think it's the canary in the mineshaft.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. Now fair enough. And then just a follow-up. I know you love talking about technology investments, particularly in distribution. But I guess, in the context of the potential for share shift or share gain given one of your larger competitors might strategically have its eye off the ball. And we've talked about that on a high level in the past, right? But specifically, do you think there's an opportunity to just basically make some investments in channel or in technology at a time when maybe some of your competitors do have their eye off the ball and take some share or set yourself up for taking share? Or is it -- or was that just not how things work? Is that not how the real world works?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. I'll sort of ramble a little bit and then maybe answer it directly. I mean, the way we think about these investments is we do them in good times and bad. We do them -- we've been doing it for 5, 6 years, both the digitization of the interface with the distribution partner as well as automating our back offices to take out cost and drive efficiencies and effectiveness, and we're going to continue to do that. So the governor quite frankly doing it isn't sort of the -- that we can put on the accelerator in a year, do 3 years of work. I mean, it's about people and building the capability organizationally and quite frankly, knowing the right place to spend because technology is moving so fast. And so as you know, we've doubled our IT spend over the last 8 or 9 years. We now spend more on IT than we do R&D. That's going to continue. But I don't expect we're going to double it over the next six months because UPC's getting off CCF.
Operator: And we'll go to Gautam Khanna with Cowen.
Gautam Khanna: I was wondering if there was any dissynergy to the remaining business from separating Kysor/Warren, either with, I don't know, the customers that will buy things in a bundled way or stranded cost, anything you could point to that would have some place over.
Todd Bluedorn: I think just stranded -- certainly stranded cost, if you will, of corporate cost and segment cost that were being absorbed by that business, and we're doing the things you'd expect us to do. We're taking those costs out, just like we did when we sold the other businesses in the segment. In terms of customer synergies, it was part of our case when we bought it. And seven years later, however long it's been, I have to hang my head and say no, there aren't many synergies that we're worried about.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. No, that's fair. I'd have to ask it because no one has. But just consolidation, what's your view? Do you think anything actually happens this year with size either with Lennox finding some methods to acquire size of North America resi or elsewhere or among others?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, you know what I'm going to say, but I'll say it. These things are lumpy and they happen or they don't happen. We don't have to do a deal as you know because we're at scale, but we think we could create value and we think we're the right people to run something if it became available. But it's others people's calls, not ours. So we stand ready and would want to do something. But it's going to be up to what others want to do.
Gautam Khanna: But just to be -- to put a finer point on it, it's not like you're seeing much in terms of your M&A pipeline come up.
Todd Bluedorn: Well, again, it's M&A pipeline of sort of -- the concept assumes lots of deals that you're talking about. They're -- this is the discrete number. I think we all know who they are. And I would comment on any activity whether it was happening or not, right? But it's a -- a concept really isn't in the pipeline, it's whether something breaks loose or not. Okay, thank you. I think that's the last question, operator.
Operator: That's correct, yes. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: So to wrap up, 2018 was a record year for Lennox with new highs for revenue, margin, profit and cash generation. The first quarter has seen some cold weather, and we're off to a solid start for 2019 and continue to expect another year of strong growth and profitability. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph Reitmeier - EVP & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Jeffery Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Julian Mitchell - Barclays Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Company John Walsh - Credit Suisse Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Steven Winoker - UBS Ryan Merkel - William Blair Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research Walter Liptak - Seaport Global
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2018. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; CFO, Joe Reitmeier.  Todd will review key points for the quarter, Joe will take you through the Company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period unless otherwise noted. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast also will be archived on the site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Community Meeting that will be held the morning of Wednesday, December 12th in New York City. Please mark your calendars. Invitations and more details will follow. The meeting will also be webcasted. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. There are lot of moving pieces and noise from the tornado impact on the reported results to walk through for the third quarter and as we look ahead.  First let me level set everyone with our estimates on the impact from the tornado that damaged our Marshalltown, Iowa residential manufacturing facility on July 19th. Then also make the overarching comments keep in mind that the lost profits from 2018 and 2019 from business interruptions due to the tornado will be fully offset by insurance proceeds in 2019 to be a benefit to us in that year.  On our last conference call one month after the tornado hit, we estimated the impact on our core business for 2018 of approximately $100 million of revenue and $55 million of segment profit and about $1.05 of EPS. Our initial view is that about one-third of this impact would hit into third quarter and about two-thirds would hit the fourth quarter.  Further along, with more visibility, our current view is that the impact to our core business in 2018 will be approximately $115 million of revenue, $65 million of segment profit and $1.25 of EPS. We now expect that approximately 40% of this impact was in the third quarter and 60% will be in the fourth quarter.  So in the third quarter, we had $0.52 of tornado impact on our core business which was $0.17, approximately $0.17 more than originally estimated. From an operational viewpoint, the recovery is path or ahead of schedule in all key areas. The Lennox team and our partners in the recovery have done a tremendous job and the Marshalltown community in Iowa have provided strong support.  We still have ways to go but we expect to come out of this better positioned than before. The change in the 2018 financial estimates come from a clear view on customer dynamics in the near-term relative to our original round number estimates. For example, with the Lennox high efficiency equipment shortages, we are seeing a lower number of visits to our PartsPlus stores during this time and lower sales of accessories to parts and supplies.  We have maintained close relationships and strong lines of communications with our dealers and we remain confident that we will win the short-term borrowed market share back given the many reasons these customers were doing the majority of their business with us in the first place.  Looking ahead to 2019, we are introducing a view on the tornado impact on our core business for next year. We are estimating approximately $85 million of the impact to revenue, a $35 million to segment profit and $0.70 to EPS. To reiterate the lost profits in 2019 are fully covered by insurance and we expect to receive the proceeds in the same year.  Below the line for 2018, non-core special pre-tax charges related to the tornado are still expected to be approximately $80 million, offset by insurance proceeds in 2018. In the third quarter, we had $49 million of these charges offset by $49 million of insurance recovery. Below the line for 2019, we are estimating non-core special pre-tax charges relating to the tornado impact of US$15 million. We expect these to be more than offset by insurance proceeds in line with the cost to replace.  Turning to the business results as reported today. For the company overall, revenue on a GAAP basis was $1.03 – excuse me was $1.03 billion, down 2%. On an adjusted basis, excluding non-core Refrigeration business in Australia, Asia and South America divested in 2018, revenue was up 2% to a third quarter record of $1.02 billion. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue.  On a GAAP basis, operating income was $145 million in the third quarter, down 6%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is a third quarter record $2.65, up 8%. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit declined 3% to $155 million. Total segment margin was down 80 basis points to 15.2%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 8% to a third quarter of $2.72.  Turning to the key points on our business segment for the third quarter. Our Residential Commercial businesses set new record highs for revenue and Refrigeration set a new all-time high for segment margin. In Residential, of course, impacted by the tornado, revenue rose 1%, profit was down 1% and segment margin was down 40 basis points to 19%.  Residential revenue from replacement business is up low-single-digits and new construction was down low-single-digits.  Turning to Commercial, revenue was up 2%. Segment profit was down 7% and margin was down 170 basis points to 16.9%. Commercial’s performance is impacted by the lumpiness of shipments in our Commercial national accounts equipment business, lower factory productivity in the timing of about $2 million of expenses on a year-over-year basis.  Breaking up commercial revenue for the third quarter, national accounts equipment revenue was down low-single-digits, compared to 20% growth in the prior year quarter. Year-to-date, national accounts revenue was up low-single-digits, which includes being at low-double-digits in the second quarter and flat in first quarter. As is typical, not straight-line growth here. As we look at the first three weeks of October, the backlog is strong, up double-digits and we are tracking having a strong growth in the fourth quarter. For our local and regional commercial businesses in the third quarter, revenue was up mid-single-digits.  Overall for North America equipment, revenue was up low-single-digits in constant currency. Replacement revenue was up high-single-digits and new construction was down high-single-digits at constant currency.  On the commercial service side, Lennox account services revenue was up high-teens. In Europe commercial HVAC revenue was down low-double-digits as market softness continues.  Turning to our core refrigeration business, revenue was up 4%. In North America, constant currency revenue was up mid-single-digits. In Europe, the constant currency revenue was also up mid-single-digits led by double-digit growth at our non-food refrigeration business. Refrigeration profit rose 19% in the third quarter and segment margin expanded 190 basis points to 15.4%.  We completed the last of the divestitures planned for this year closing on the sale of our South America business in the third quarter. In the second quarter, we closed on the sale of our Asia and Australia businesses, as well as the sale of real estate in Sydney area. Total net proceeds in these transactions were $116 million.  Overall for the company, price to cost was favorable in the third quarter. We had $27 million of price benefit, more than 2.5% of revenue, which more than offset commodity, freight and tariff headwinds in the quarter.  We have even more confidence on price in 2018 and are raising our guidance for a price from $75 million to $80 million for the year. We plan to repurchase $100 million of stock in fourth quarter for a total of $450 million this year as we look forward to a strong close to 2018 and ahead to 2019.  We remain focused on normalizing residential production and continuing to execute on our corporate initiatives to drive company performance and shareholder value.  Now let me turn it over to Joe to talk more in detail about third quarter performance and the full year outlook. 
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating and Cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from Residential Heating and Cooling was a third quarter record $595 million, up 1%. Volume was down 2%, price was up 3% and mix was relatively flat. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $113 million, down 1%. Segment margin was down 40 basis points to 19%. Segment profit was impacted by the tornado and the business had lower volumes, higher commodity freight, distribution and other product costs and other favorable foreign exchange in the quarter. Partial offsets included higher price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, factory productivity and lower SG&A expenses.  Turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business, commercial revenue was a third quarter record $276 million, up 2%. Volume was up 1%, price was up 1% and mix was flat. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was $47 million, down 7%.  Segment margin was 16.9%, down 170 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher commodity, freight, distribution and other product costs, higher SG&A expenses and unfavorable foreign exchange. Partial offsets include higher volume, favorable price and sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions.  In our Refrigeration segment which excludes the non-core businesses in Australia, Asia and South America that we divested this year, revenue in the third quarter was $153 million, up 4%. Volume was up 4%, price was up 2% and mix was down 2%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. By region, on a reported basis at actual currency, North America and Europe were both up mid-single-digits. Refrigeration segment profit was $24 million, up 19%. Segment margin was 15.4%, up 190 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher volume, higher price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions and lower SG&A expenses. Partial offsets include higher commodity, and freight costs. Overall for the company on an adjusted basis, the third quarter had a net after-tax charges of $2.4 million. This included $2.4 million for the net loss on the sale of business and related property, a total of $3.1 million for various other items, and a $1.7 million benefit for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation, and a $1.4 million net benefit for other tax items.  Corporate expenses were $28 million in the third quarter, up from $24 million in the prior year quarter. Overall, SG&A on a GAAP basis was $149 million in the third quarter or 14.5% of revenue, down from 15.1% in the prior year quarter. On an adjusted basis, SG&A as a percent of revenue was $14.4% in the third quarter, down from 14.5% in the prior year quarter. Net cash from operations in the third quarter was $266 million, including $45 million in cash from insurance proceeds, compared to $177 million in the third quarter a year ago. Capital expenditures were $18 million, compared to $17 million in the prior year quarter and free cash flow was approximately $248 million, compared to $160 million in the third quarter a year ago. Total debt was $1.13 billion at the end of the quarter and we ended September with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.9. Cash and cash equivalents were $46 million at the end of September. The company paid $26 million in dividends in the third quarter. Before I turn it over Q&A, I'll review our current outlook for 2018. Our underlying market assumptions for 2018 are unchanged. For the industry overall we still expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single-digits. We expect North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single-digits and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low-single-digits. We are reiterating our 2018 guidance for GAAP revenue growth of 2% to 4% and for an adjusted revenue growth of 4% to 6%. We are updating our 2018 guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations from $8.38 to $8.78 to a new range of $8.11 to $8.51. We are updating 2018 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from $8.90 to $9.30 to a new range of $8.70 to $9.10.  The updated GAAP and adjusted EPS ranges include the additional $0.20 of tornado impacts expected this year, $0.17 of which were in the third quarter. This will be a benefit to 2019 upon receipt of insurance proceeds next year.  Now let me walk you through the various puts and takes in our 2018 guidance, starting with the ones that are changing. As Todd mentioned, we are raising our guidance from a price from $75 million to $80 million, and even more confidence on capturing yields this year. And as we look ahead to 2019, our commercial business has already announced a price increase of up to 4% to be effective January 1.  For commodities, we now expect $45 million of headwind for the full year, down from our prior guidance of $50 million. Freight expenses are now expected to be $25 million for this year, up from the prior guidance of $20 million and we now expect $30 million of savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs, down from prior year guidance of $35 million.  For the 2018 guidance points that remain the same, foreign exchange is expected to be neutral for the year. Tariffs are still a $5 million headwind for 2018. We still see $7 million of savings from our residential factories as we focus on automation at our U.S. plants and other productivity initiatives.  Our distribution investments are a $10 million headwind. SG&A is still expected to be about $10 million over last year and the corporate expense target for this year remains approximately $85 million.  Now just a few other guidance points. Net interest expense is expected to be a bit over $35 million for the full year. Tax rate guidance remains 22% to 24% on an adjusted basis for the full year. Capital expenditures are still planned to be approximately $100 million excluding the impact of the tornado repairs.  We are planning a total of $450 million of stock repurchases for the full year and are reiterating guidance for an average diluted share count of approximately 41 million shares on a full year basis and we are still targeting approximately $395 million of free cash flow for the full year.  And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning guys. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff. 
Jeff Hammond: Hey, just – so, on the impact, one, what’s informing the higher amount for 2018? And then, what does that - the $85 million? What does that imply that you will be back to normal production by? And then just, also, it looks like you are using the lower incremental margins or margins on the 2019 impact, if you could just kind of touch on why that is? Thanks. 
Todd Bluedorn: Let me see if get all parts of the question if not jump back in and correct me. First on, I think the first part of the question is, why that we sort of raised the 2018 guide for the tornado impact and I think, I’d answer in a couple ways.  One is, the first guide we gave was about three weeks after the tornado and we did a high-level estimate of round numbers and I’d sort of made the point the $100 million was a big round number. $100 million of revenue and $55 million of segment profit or $1.05 of EPS actually in 2018. We’ve refined those estimates now that we’re several two, three months into this thing and we got further long enough of a clear view quite frankly on the customer dynamics in the near-term.  And as I said on the call or on the script operationally, we were ahead of or at where we thought we’d be on sort of building a product, ramping up, it just reflects how customers are buying, specifically as I mentioned in the – on the script about the attachment rate of parts and supplies and accessories to when we sell major pieces of equipment.  I think the other part of the question was just operationally, where do we stand and where we being ramped up. When we look at full production capability for Lennox Residential and this includes all three residential factories, Marshalltown, Orangeburg and Saltillo and that’s how I’ll talk about it sort of full production capability.  In Marshalltown, the heating products section of the factory had the most damage and the cooling product section had relatively less damage. So for cooling products, we expect Lennox to be back up the full pre-tornado production capability early in fourth quarter in 2018, so here in the next month or so.  For heating products, we expect Lennox to be back up to full production capability in first quarter of 2019. We will have a bit of lag from the perspective of fully meeting market demand due to having to catch-up on rebuilding our inventory in the channel and so sort of the tornado impact if you will, will sort of lead into second quarter even though we are up to full production as we’ll have to sort of ramp up that to build even more inventory.  And then I think the other question is, why was the drop through different in 2019 versus 2018. This is a function of the mix of products and the product tiers impacted and really sort of shorthand, I’d point to furnaces are more profitable than air-conditioners and we are more impacted by furnaces in 2018 than we will be in 2019. 
Jeff Hammond: Okay. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think that’s everything you asked. You okay?
Jeff Hammond: Yes, you covered it great. And then just, just can you just talk about how you are thinking? You mentioned the price increase in commercial, how you are thinking about price cost as you move into 2019? And then, you lowered the material cost savings bucket for this year. How should we think about that bucket into 2019? I’ll get back in queue. 
Todd Bluedorn: So, we lowered the price – or excuse me, the material cost reduction bucket, just reflecting sort of more inflation, because again, this is always in that number. I also mentioned on the call that, third quarter – yes, third quarter we turned the corner. We have a quarter and corner mixed up. In the third quarter we turned the corner and had a $27 million of price more than offset commodities, freights and 
Joseph Reitmeier: Tariffs. 
Todd Bluedorn: Tariffs, excuse me. And as we go into 2019, that’s clearly going to be the case as we are setting up now less commodities move on us very quickly. We have announced the commercial price increase. We thought it was quite frankly bad form to announce a residential price increase right now with all the moving pieces.  But we are clearly going to announce a residential and refrigeration price increase as we go into 2019. I’ll get more specific math at the December Analyst Day. But price, commodities, tariffs and freight will be a net, net positive to us in 2019. 
Jeff Hammond: Thanks a lot. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Steve Tuso : Hey guys. How is it going?
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Steve. 
Steve Tusa: Thanks for all the detail on the unfortunate situation there. Just on the market, you guys were down in resi and in new housing-related business. Can you maybe just discuss what you think kind of the markets? I have done this quarter. So, just so we can kind of figure out where the impact for you guys is kind of most pertinent or maybe it’s split between the two, new housing versus replacement in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s split between the two and I – when we really started seeing the tornado impact in September, so the vast majority, I don’t want to say all, but the vast majority of the tornado impact was in September. In July and August, we were off to a strong start in residential both in new construction and in add-on replacement.  And I – to give a read through the other guys, I think the market was pretty strong in the third quarter. August – July and August, we are up mid-to-high single-digits in residential, both segments of the marketplace and then August we saw as we start to run out of equipment. We saw the impact in September. And I think the weather was reasonably good in September. So I think overall the market is very strong for the quarter. 
Steve Tusa: Got it. And then, with regards to tariffs, what are you, this new round that’s come out or at least the new couple rounds, I can’t even keep track anymore, but - what – how are you kind of thinking about that specifically for now for 2019? And how much of that impact, I don’t know if you gave it yet, but what is the specific impact that you think from that on 2018? 
Todd Bluedorn: For 2018, we think the overall impact is $5 million and that’s the guide and again it’s – that’s included what’s been implemented, what’s been announced with detail, but doesn’t include any tweets that sort of even add more to it than that.  So, it’s sort of – it’s what you can do the math on, we think that 2018 order of magnitude it’s going to be $5 million and then I’ve publicly said, that’s in essence sort of less than half a year and so, 2019 is going to be something probably little over twice that.  And then, the other point I’d like to make is, we are proactively taking action. I am not sure that Chinese tariffs are going to be short-term and so we are taking action to sort of avoid the tariffs by moving to Southeast Asia and other low-cost countries that can meet our requirement. 
Steve Tusa: And that’s the gross number that just basically you are taking what you buy and kind of marking it up by the amount of the tariffs or is that kind of the net number? 
Todd Bluedorn: It’s sort of our – it’s the net number. So the $5 million is what – order of magnitude $5 million is what we expect to see on the P&L. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. 
Todd Bluedorn: And then we haven’t guided yet on 2019. But I would sort of take over twice that amount and sort of if was building a model I’ll assume that for 2019. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. And then again just to be clear on this, because there is a lot of – everybody is kind of approaching their communications around this in different ways that that would reflect the new round of stuff that’s coming through at kind of a higher rate, correct. So, that’s the – that would reflect the incremental, okay, got it.  All right. And then, just one more. You talked about doing something in resi, but obviously, not exactly the right time to go through with something additional. There have been others that have gone through with other price increases.  Is there a sense that, if you did go out with something in resi here in the near-term excluding the tornado impact that customers have yet to kind of pushback on that price or everybody is generally understanding of the, i.e. price discipline in the industry and the acceptance of that price is still pretty strong in the channel?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it impacted a couple ways. To that question I’d say, which is a direct question. Customers expect price increases and several of our competitors announced some things, we announced in commercial mix they are not surprised they are accepting at point one. Point two is, we raised our price guide in 2018 from $75 million to $80 million in that $5 millions, I think I am comfortable saying it’s exclusively residential. So quite frankly, we didn’t have to announce the price increase.  It’s always about the yield and high hang on to it. And so, we are getting better price yield in residential just like we speculated we might getting the shortage of inventory. But we didn’t want to announce something new just sort of continuing to toe the line and getting a better yield than what we thought we were. And then as we go into 2019, we are confident again that we will announce another price increase and get more price in 2019 both in res and in our other businesses. 
Steve Tusa: Okay. Sorry, one more quick one. Sorry to dominate the early innings here. You made some comments at a recent conference – or a competitor conference that you kind of opined on consolidation in the industry and you said that you believe that there could be consolidation among the top four resi guys out there despite what looks like a reasonably consolidated situation.  Can you maybe just clarify that or maybe I read that in the transcript the wrong way? Can you maybe clarify what you said there on industry consolidation of potentially one of the top four resi guys?
Todd Bluedorn: I was asked the question. I think you got it what I said pretty close. I always get in trouble when I opine. So maybe strike the opine. I had asked the question and answered the question. But, I don’t know York’s residential market share. But I think it has one digit in it and so I think they could combine with other players in the industry, certainly could combine with us. I think their commercial unitary share starts with one digit and then their applied is there is a larger part of the business.  But, so they – sort of the York business can certainly combine with us and when I look at the other residential businesses, it’s other players, again, I think they could combine with York or maybe even us. So I think those are the – that was sort of the broad question of that I think anything was prohibited. Are there things that couldn’t happen? Certainly. But are there combinations it could happen, certainly. 
Steve Tusa: Right. I guess, you commented on York very specifically. Can you comment on Carrier very specifically?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not – their share starts at two digits. I know that. And then, beyond that, I am not exactly sure where they are at. So I’d – my guess is that, they could combine with us. I think they could – well, certainly, they could combine with York and I think they could combine with us. But I don’t know that for certain. And it also depends…
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: It also depends what’s being enforced at time, but I think it’d be – I don’t know the exact number because I don’t know Carrier’s share. 
Steve Tusa: Okay, I’ll leave at that. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Jeffery Sprague of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead. 
Jeffery Sprague: Well I can’t help but to pick up on that, it’s a good try. 
Todd Bluedorn: You guys are a feeding frenzy on this. 
Jeffery Sprague: I know, well.
Todd Bluedorn: It’s a consolidation.
Jeffery Sprague: At least we're not talking about tornadoes, right. 
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I know for a fact Greg knows the Carrier share. So you should ask him.
Jeffery Sprague: We think you know it too, but we won’t press you. Okay. Does consolidation makes sense? What would be gained in your view given kind of this great pricing discipline that we are observing especially in the resi business?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I mean, industry consolidation will obviously with the caveat of at the right price, but I think of the traditional horizontal integration of an industry, so, then I would view it as distribution forward. So, consolidating factories, consolidating supplier spend, taking out SG&A, taking out corporate expenses, we are making significant investments.  We, as a company and digitization of the business, significant investments, control systems. Again that could all be leveraged over a larger volume business. We have a great Mexico campus. Most of our competitors on residential don’t and so the ability to leverage that Mexican campus to lower cost.  And so, I just sort of think traditional cost take outs and then a assembled product business like we have, I think you could create lots of synergies. And then, again it have to at the right price. But I think it’s clear industrial logic of how we take out cost. 
Jeffery Sprague: And how about on the distribution side, Todd? Some companies had chosen to kind of third-party to distributions, others like you own it. Putting that type of footprint together, do you see any particular challenges there?
Todd Bluedorn: My experience haven’t seen this done in other places open that is, I think the challenge is to make sure in these market share when you rip all the cost out of the back-end. And so, my perspective on it would be in an industry like this, when we consolidate that there will be some period of time you need distribution alone. And so, whatever it was you optimize it and manage it as it was. I don’t think you’d want to sort of go from one model to another model quickly.  But the investments that a company was making in digitization and support of your contractors, whether it was a company-owned distribution or JV or independent distribution, you could leverage those investments with those distributors. So, I don’t think you have to physically make a change in distribution to leverage some of the investments that a company was making. 
Jeffery Sprague: And then, just one on the quarter from me. Just to kind of make sure I’ve gotten my head around really what’s going on in your margins, right. So, the resi margins we are seeing today, obviously you have a revenue impact on the top-line, but you have little or no or over profit impact on insurance recoveries.  Right, so, we can kind of calculate an underlying margin that’s lower than your headline margin. Is that – is that difference primarily this the negative – I’ll call it ripple effects to lack of a better term in the PartsPlus and other parts of your business? Or how would you characterize that?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not sure I understand the question. You had me right to the end when you start talking about the PartsPlus. 
Jeffery Sprague: Well, I am just saying, your underlying margins arguably were down, right. And I am just trying to understand the composition of that in resi. 
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll ramble and see if I answer the questions. I mean, margins were down because of the tornado impacts on revenue and the corresponding impact on EBIT was why they were down. And even from the guide that we’ve given earlier, which was 120 and 55 of EBIT, a third of it in fourth quarter, we are now saying it’s 40% in third quarter and the overall number is going up to $65 million of EBIT and $120 million of revenue. And we perform extremely well in residential and so, if I understand the question, right, it’s all because of the tornado.
Jeffery Sprague: Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Julian Mitchell : Thanks a lot. So maybe just trying to stick to two questions. The first one on the commercial business. If there was any extra color you could give on U.S. trends as where you stand today? And also on the margin front, margins were down a bunch in the third quarter. How quickly do you think that comes back? And any extra detail you can give on the factory productivity you cited?
Todd Bluedorn: First talking about commercial and I talked about it in the call, I think at some detail. It’s just a lumpiness in national accounts. And so, we feel confident I think in the fourth quarter. We have still lot of work in front of us but through the first three weeks of the quarter backlog is strong, up double-digits and we are tracking to have another strong revenue quarter for commercial in the fourth quarter.  And so, second quarter – first quarter we were flattish in commercial. Second quarter we were up 18%, third quarter we were flattish and fourth quarter we would have strong revenue growth. In terms of the margin, as I mentioned in the call, it was impacted by a couple things. One was the timing of some expenses, just sort of year-over-year differences of when you make adjustments for expenses like warranty and LIFO, we are getting to0 accounting on - county on you.  And then the other one, I think more operational was, we had some factory productivity issues in the third quarter and really what’s driving the factory productivity issues is we are seeing labor shortages in our Stuttgart facility. And we’ve been addressing it with overtime and extra shifts to be able to meet customer demands and we are in the process of staffing up with full-time workers.  We’ve historically used quite a bit of temporary workers. Now we are moving to full-time workers and converting the temp workers to full-time workers. And this will have – the issue around labor productivity and not having enough folks will have impact in Q3 and we’ll also see a bleed off into Q4. So, on the fourth quarter call, I’ll also be talking about this because it takes a lot of getting in place. But we expect to have it fully resolved by first quarter 2019. 
Julian Mitchell : Thank you for the detail. My second question would be on refrigeration. One of your peers have talked about the retail refrigeration market, maybe bottoming out. Your own revenue growth number suggests, you are taking some share and so maybe just any commentary on how you see the market in the U.S. retail refrigeration.
Todd Bluedorn: I still think it’s tough. I mean, Dover refers to it as retail refrigeration, we just refer to this grocery I assume that’s what you are talking about and that has the biggest impact to us in our Kysor/Warren segment.  We still saw revenue down in KW even though we were up in North America. Where we are seeing the growth in our North America business is driven - the year-over-year growth is large part driven in cold storage and so it’s not the retail segment or the grocery segment. It’s sort of other parts of the cold storage channel – or cold chain, it’s cold storage market where we’ve seen the growth. 
Julian Mitchell : Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Next is to the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna : Thanks, good morning. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Gautam. How are you?
Gautam Khanna : Doing well. I was wondering, Todd, could you just talk a little bit about your confidence level in recapturing the share that you are sort of giving up in the interim, while you were recovering from the tornado, what specifically can you do to kind of – what gives you that confidence? Or what are you doing to make sure on the other side of it we are not going to see an impact at PartsPlus or elsewhere?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, we are working hard to do that. And I mean, as I’ve spoken about before, and you’ve heard me saying I am not saying for anybody else is, we are communicating very clearly with our dealer partners who are out there daily talking to them about what we have and when we are going to have it back and allowing them to make the transition. I’ve used the phrase a week early rather than a week late.  So we don’t want to run out of equipment and then have them feel the pain. So we want – we’ll feel the pain and allow them to move over. I think that honest open communication helps a lot. And then, the second thing is going to be on the flip side, that as we reach full production capability and if I spoke about, we expect air-conditioners in fourth and furnaces in first quarter will be up full production capability that as we start to make new commitments to people and turn them back on, that we execute against those new commitments.  So, we don’t let them down on the way down and then we don’t let them down on the way back up and we are very focused on doing that.  Overall, we have a loyal Lennox dealer base and as I’ve mentioned also on prior calls, almost all dealers carry multiple brands and we think the majority of this borrowed share will be someone who did business with us and with some – and with competitor B and go move some volume of competitor B while we are not able to provide supply and then when we come back online, they will move the share back to us.  So, we are very focused on this and we’ll put incentives in place for our sales guys and sort of do all the right things to make sure we have laser-like focus in 2019 and we are committed to doing that. 
Gautam Khanna : Okay. Just a quick follow-up on just the national account equipment and service pipeline as you look out to 2019. Can you make any comments on how rich an environment it is? 
Todd Bluedorn: 2019, little early to sort of speculate or even give guide, because the order book tends to fill up three, four, five months ahead of itself, so, 2019 is still very early. And then the other caveat I’d make is, we always know much more about national accounts once we get through the Christmas selling season. That retail while we reduced our exposure to that is still about half of our national account business and so getting a better take on the Christmas selling season will help us.  All that being said, retail is strong right now. Consumers are spending money. Consumer feel good. Retailers are spending money on things they weren’t a year or two ago in our industry. So we feel pretty good as we go into 2019, but we will give more of a guide at December Analyst Day. 
Gautam Khanna : Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we go to the line of John Walsh with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
John Walsh: Hi, good morning. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, good morning. 
John Walsh: So, I apologize if I missed it, but, as we think about the moving parts for the free cash flow, can you help us think about maybe a finer point on this year and then next year as you are looking to rebuild inventory and how that kind of impacts the conversion ratio?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think we’ve gone into that kind of detail quite yet about sort of how it’s going to impact. I mean, I would point out we had a very strong quarter in cash generation in the third quarter and so, we continue to generate cash. But we sort of haven’t put a fine tuned answer about the inventory bleed out and the inventory rebuild.  The only point we made on cash is that, the below the line impact of $80 million, I am looking at Joe make sure I have that number right that we’ll expect to have cash proceeds to offset that. So we’ll be neutral on cash on below the line charges, if you will and in the third quarter we saw that 47, 47, on the offsets.  And then, for the above the line impact, sort of the core impact, we expect to have cash proceeds in 2019 to offset the EBIT miss or the EBIT that will shift or that we are not going to get in 2018 because of the lost revenue. We’ll get that back in EBIT payout from the insurance companies in cash in 2019. 
Joseph Reitmeier: And we are compensating with the lost profits which are a proxy for cash flow. We are going to obviously offset that or compensate with lower investments in working capital and inventory which will keep us well on target for the 395 for the full year. 
John Walsh: Okay. Thank you. And then, can you just remind us your comfortability or where you are comfortable taking the balance sheet in terms of leverage?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve said our guide has been one and a half to two times debt-to-EBITDA and that allows us to remain investment-grade and we think that’s an important place to be in an uncertain world. And then we always put the caveat around that through the right opportunity to create shareholder value we would look to go higher with the path to come back down that it’s an industry that others like a Goodman have gone private over the years couple times and have had debt-to-EBITDA maybe twice that amount and they have been fine with it and I think we would be too.  But I don’t think I’d want to do that just as the natural course of events. So I think we had something that could create real shareholder value like an industry consolidating acquisition we would think about it. But in a more normal course of business, I think the right balance approaches 1.5 to 2. 
John Walsh: Great. Thank you. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas : Hi, good morning everyone. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hello.
Rich Kwas : On price, so, I think the guide implies $22 million for the fourth quarter. You did $27 million in Q3, what drives it down in terms of contribution given the number of price increases this year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s just the volume that the third quarter is seasonally higher volume.
Rich Kwas : Okay. And then the lap over benefit into 2019 should be meaningful, right. I mean, you’ll be comping against some contribution, but it should be the decent contributor, right. That’s the way we should be thinking about it.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, I think you could sort of shorthand, I would say, the $50 million that we initially gave and sort of assume how much of that was in first half of the year versus second half of the year and then, we’ve now raised it to $80 million and that incremental $30 million is all second half of the year and you might even expect even sort of more back-end loaded to that.  So, I think, if you sort of do some of that and then you’ll add on top of top of that some new price that we would announce going into 2019, I think you can start to back into a number that’s going to be meaningful and as I said will offset the inflationary pressures we are feeling from commodities, freights and tariffs. 
Rich Kwas : Cost base should start coming down to as 2019 plays out, right even with the hedging.
Todd Bluedorn: Say it again.
Rich Kwas : The cost base should start getting incrementally improved with – even with the hedges as we start rolling through 2019, right?
Todd Bluedorn: If commodities continue on the trend they are on, yes. 
Rich Kwas : Yes, okay. And then, just on the – as you think about affordability, I mean, everybody, some have put through three, you put in a couple, you are going to put in another one. There is going to be another price increase on the residential side across the board. One would think at the start of the year. Any impact on mix. As we think about mix, that’s started to get better for everyone? How do you see this playing out over the course of 2019 on the resi side?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not sure I understand the question per say. I mean...
Rich Kwas : Well, let’s just say 13, see I mean, is there, does the incremental buyer come in on the remodel side and say I am not going to do 17, SEER, I’ll do 14 SEER, because mortgage rates are up and I am not going to – I bought a house, I am not going to up to any with regards to the efficiency because the cost. 
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think it’s – I think, maybe on the margins that I think people sit down and do the economics on most markets. In the northern markets, they are going to be in a house three to five years. It make sense to get a premium furnace and it’s here in the south, and they are going to be in a house three to five years it makes sense to get a premium air-conditioner and that’s just a math of it and I don’t think that changes incremental interest rates.  The other point around our pricing power is, as you know, half the cost of a unit’s labor and they buy one every 15 years. So, our ability to continue to raise price in the marketplace is driven more about at the dealer level and what competitors do rather than the homeowner, homeowners willing to accept it. 
Rich Kwas : Okay. All right, and then just last one real quick on commercial was, do you see new construction was down high-single-digits in the North America? Did I catch that right?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, correct. And that was certainly in large part by national accounts. 
Rich Kwas : Okay. Okay, okay, great. Thanks guys. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Next we go to the line of Steven Winoker with UBS. Please go ahead.
Steven Winoker: Thanks. Good morning guys. 
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning. 
Steven Winoker: Hey, Todd, I just want to come back to the consolidation comments again. So, we’ve been talking about consolidation on and off for twenty years, industrial logics, generally always has been there. If you sort of think about what dynamics have changed now to make that increasingly likely despite some of the moves that have already taken place. What do you think of the biggest factor that would actually make that more realistic in the industry today than saying it’s been in the past decade? 
Todd Bluedorn: Just pausing to make sure I answer the question in a way that when the transcript comes back to me, I am happy to what I said. So, I think I would…
Steven Winoker: Always wise.
Todd Bluedorn: I think I’d answer it this way. We’ve always talked about focus wins and that the best place to be as a corporation is to be large enough to be at scale and then we focused on industries. And then I think, at least in my business lifetime, there has never been a time where the investment community feels the same way and I think corporate leaders feel the same way.  And so, that’s another way of saying industrial conglomerates are under pressure. And at least two players in our industry are owned by industrial conglomerates who – from everything I read or reviewing their portfolio of businesses. And so I think there is sort of more optimism that maybe one of them or both of them will decide to be something with our portfolio that could make assets available. 
Steven Winoker: Okay. So, willingness to sell in that front. So, secondly, just going to the replacement demand in a little more detail, I know it’s got to be a little hard to tell with working through all of the mitigation actions and recovery on the tornado front. But just from a market level, I guess, as you – and you talked about a little bit earlier I think on new construction, what are you seeing in terms of replacement demand on the resi front, resi light commercial two?
Todd Bluedorn: It still remains strong, Steven. So, July and August, our replacement business is up mid to high-single-digits and then obviously it slowed down in September and that’s what you see in the reported numbers and I think September was warm enough and sort of a good enough month that my guess is our competitors will talk about a market that was up mid to high-single-digits. 
Steven Winoker: And where are you thinking we are in terms of the overall cycle, again exclusive of what you guys have been personally experiencing with the tornado. But as you sort of look out on the timing, how would you characterize it?
Todd Bluedorn: We publicly said it was –and it continue to be the case in my mind is that, we think there is another three to five years of mid-single-digit growth in residential and this reflects the echo of all those homes that were put in, in the new housing bubble in the early, mid-2000s and that continues to sort of bleed into the replacement market and that analysis that we did has bell-shaped curve around this number, but on average units lasts about 15 years before this catastrophic failure that has to be replaced.  And so we do all that math. We think it’s three or five years of mid-single-digit growth and again, that assumes sort of a neutral economy. It doesn’t have to be 3.8% unemployment. Just a solid economy and then again any given year it can be swung by the weather, but we are still optimistic that this market still has legs. 
Steven Winoker: All right. Thanks, Todd. I’ll pass it on. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Next we go to the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel : Yes, thanks. Two quick questions from me. So, first, Todd, you said, as the Iowa factory recovers, you will come out of it stronger than before. Can you just expand on this?
Todd Bluedorn: I think a couple ways, one, maybe where you are leading me is, as we are building capability in our other factories to manufacture and fabricate parts for premium products and I think that transfer of knowledge and capability is important for longer-term capability of the company.  I also just think that, as we are sort of testing and challenging team members and the rising to the occasion, and I just think the talent in our Iowa factory has been challenged and pushed and my experience is the way you sharpen a blade is that way and I think the blade of the Marshalltown factory is being sharpened and our capabilities are just being improved. 
Ryan Merkel : Got it. Okay. And then, secondly, just to clarify, if the tornado impact is pretty solid estimate now in your mind?
Todd Bluedorn: I think where I am most solid on is our production ramp up, but that still has variables in it also. I mean, I’ll be honest with you there is still some pieces of equipment that are under wrap that we haven’t broken out, started back up again after they’ve sort of been rained on and the tornado hit them and so we still have some risk there. And then, it’s sort of our best guess on how the customer will play out, but, I’d like to say we got all this nailed down, but this is virgin territory for us as we are getting information as we know it. 
Ryan Merkel : Understood. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: The next is from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe : Thanks, good morning. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Nigel. 
Nigel Coe : We covered a lot of ground here. Appreciate the detail guys. Want to go back to price. I'd imagine that the problems we are having with the heating production makes this month very, very tight as we go into the heating season.  So I'm curious whether pricing actually improves short-term, i.e. in 4Q from the 3% you showed this quarter. And then I see then come back online in 2019, does that then puts a little bit deflationary pressure on industry pricing. I am just curious if we just dig into pricing and maybe focus more on the near-term pricing impacts. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think our guide of raising price from full year from $75 million to $80 million for the corporation, the $5 million increase was really tied to residential and our ability to yield the price that we've already passed on. I don’t think we will give price back in 2019. I think it will be the opposite.  I think there will another price increase and we'll get even more in 2019 and so, I think, the short answer is we’ve recognized some benefit of price – increased price in '2018. Maybe we do better, maybe we do a little bit worse, but we’ll see that that’s our guide for today and then in 2019, we think we'll get even more price. 
Nigel Coe : But does that tightness in 4Q on the heating side mean that rebating and discounting activity might be more moderate and therefore realized price goes higher in 4Q? 
Todd Bluedorn: I think our attempt on raising the price guide by $5 million was our attempt to capture that. 
Nigel Coe : Okay. And then just quick on tariffs, you have obviously minimal impact based on what you know right now. Are all of your China imports wrapped into the current List 1 to List 3 right now. So if we do get further actions in List 4, List 5, are you pretty much done at this point?
Todd Bluedorn: Ask the question one more time please.
Nigel Coe : Yes, I am just wondering, your China imports, are they all covered by List 1 to 3 or are there some other potential impacts if we do get a broadening of the tariff lifts?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the vast majority of what we did import from China is impacted from List 1, 2 and 3. But there may be some that aren’t impacted. So, if we move to sort of – if the administration moves the tariff on everything imported from China, there is probably some more risk.
Nigel Coe : Okay. And then just a quick one. Going back to the European weakness in commercial HVAC. Is that a broad impact that you are seeing across the whole market there? Or was it just lumpiness? And any comments on that European weakness would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s more broad in the European market. Early in 2018, there was a regulatory change in Europe regarding minimum efficiency and refrigerant policy – refrigerant that you can use. These changes combined added about specifically on our rooftop business there, which is our largest business, these changes combined, added about 15% or so to the cost of the rooftop.  And in the near-term, leading customer slowed down their replacement cycle. In 2018, there was some sticker shocks as we and all our competitors had to make these changes and had cost to the system. As we started to sort of go through the year the market is absorbing the new reality and quite frankly they have to replace the units they have and build new stores.  And so, year-on-year comparisons will start become more favorable at fourth quarter as we go into 2019. But I think a large part of it’s an industry phenomenon.
Nigel Coe : Got it. Thanks, Todd and good luck with recovery. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Next is the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak : Hi, thanks. Good morning and thanks for taking my question. 
Todd Bluedorn: Of course.
Walter Liptak : I was hoping to go back to the balance sheet and just get some detail about – the receivables were up pretty nicely and I think typically this time a year there is some seasonality to it as they look better. I wonder what that was relating to inventories presumably were down as you worked off any inventory that you were building for the heating season.  But I wonder, can you talk about the inventory for the fourth and first quarter as well related to heating? And then with production ramping for heating next year in the first quarter, is it early in the year or early in the quarter or this was late in the quarter? How does - do you miss the heating season, because you are – as you are ramping production?
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll answer the last part first. We are clearly missing some of the heating season and that's reflected in the lost revenue guide that we’ve given. And so the short answer is we are missing some. Second point is, as we expect by the end of first quarter to be up and running in our heating production or have the capability to do heating production and I would also say that, we sell furnaces all year round.  It’s seasonal, but it’s not a seasonal as air-conditioners typically when someone is going to replace an air-conditioning system if it’s a 10 or 15 year old system, they’ll buy a new furnace also. And so there is an attachment rate of furnaces that go with that. In terms of the working capital flow, it’s going to be off from where it’s been in prior years, because of the tornado impact.  But I think inventory being down because we are selling out of our products. Receivable is a seasonal effect where we typically have big third quarters and we did relatively not as well as we have traditionally done. But still up year-over-year revenue-wise and that drove the receivable increases. 
Joseph Reitmeier: And I’d say the impacts that you see on working capital are directly related to the impacts of the tornado 
Walter Liptak : All right. Great. Thank you, guys. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Walter.
Operator: And we have no further questions. You may continue. 
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, great. Thanks operator. To wrap up, we look forward to a strong close to 2018 as we remain focused on executing on all our corporate initiatives to drive company performance and shareholder value.  We hope to see everyone on December 12th at our Annual Investment Community Meeting in New York as we look ahead to 2019 and our long-term plans. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for using AT&T Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph Reitmeier - EVP & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Tim Wojs - Baird Ryan Merkel - William Blair Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Company Nigel Coe - Wolfe Research Julian Mitchell - Barclays Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Walter Liptak - Seaport Global
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2018. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the Company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period unless otherwise noted. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us. Lennox International posted a record quarter in the second quarter of 2018 with new highs set for revenue, total segment margin and profit, and adjusted EPS from continuing operations. Revenue on a GAAP basis was a record $1.18 billion, up 7% on an adjusted basis excluding non-core refrigeration businesses in Australia, Asia and South America that are being divested in 2018; revenue was up 9% to a record $1.16 billion. Foreign exchange was a 1% benefit to revenue.  On a GAAP basis, operating income was a record $195 million in the second quarter up 11%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was a record $3.39 up 25%.  On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 13% to record $206 million. Total segment margin expanded 50 basis points to a record 17.8%, and adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 30% to a $3.67. Turning to the key points on our business segments for the second quarter, residential set new records for revenue and profit. At constant currency, revenue was up 9%. Revenue from replacement business was up 10% and new construction was up high-single-digits. Residential segment profit rose 9% and segment margin remained at a record level of 21.5% of a year ago.  Turning to commercial, revenue and profit also hit new highs in the second quarter. Commercial revenue was up 12% at constant currency. Segment profit was up 18%, as margin expanded 70 basis points to 18%. In North America, at constant currency, commercial equipment revenue was up low-double-digits for the quarter, replacement revenue was up high-single-digits and new construction revenue was up high teens. Looking at the equipment business another way, national account revenue was up low-double-digits and regional and local revenue was up high teens. On the service side, Lennox national account service revenue was up more than 25%. In Europe, commercial HVAC revenue is down mid-teens at constant currency.  Turning to our core Refrigeration business, revenue was up 1% at constant currency. In North America, constant currency revenue was down low-single-digits. In Europe at constant currency, revenue was up more than 20% on the strength in both food and non-food Refrigeration business. Refrigeration profit was up 5% in the second quarter and segment margin expanded 40 points to 14.9%. To update you on the sale of our non-core Refrigeration businesses, in the second quarter, we closed on the sale of our Australia and Asia business to Beijer Ref as expected. We also closed on a sale of the Sydney area real estate associated with our former operation in Australia. We booked a $24 million – US$24 million gain from the sale in the second quarter, which is now been included in our GAAP guidance with that transaction completed.  We are still on track to close on the sale of our South America business in the second half of the year with Elgin, a privately-held Brazilian company subject to Brazilian anti-trust approval. With a total of approximately $115 million in net proceeds from these transactions, we have increased our stock repurchase guidance for the year from $350 million to $450 million.  Joe will talk about each point in our guidance in a moment, but high level, we are raising guidance for adjusted revenue and EPS from continuing operations with a strong first half performance and start to the third quarter. Following a second round of price increases this year affected mid-June we now expect a total price benefit of $75 million for 2018, up from the prior guidance of $50 million.  The $75 million of price for the year offsets $50 million of headwind from steel, copper, and aluminum, $20 million of headwind from freight and $5 million of headwind from the Section 301 tariffs that are currently effective and proposed. Beyond price, we are also attacking freight and tariff headwinds with sourcing strategies as you would expect.  One last point related to developments late last week. As you may have seen in our press release on Friday, our residential factory in Marshalltown Iowa was damaged by a Tornado on Thursday, July 19. We are in the process of fully assessing the extent of the damage. Thankfully, there have been no reported injuries to our employees and that is our first priority.  Second is our commitment to serving our customers. An advantage of owning our own distribution network across North America is that we have a supply of more than 40 days of equipment and more than 235 distribution centers and stores ready to support our customers in the field. Beyond that, more than 75% of our North America residential equipment units are manufactured at our facilities in Mexico and South Carolina and those teams are stepping up as Marshalltown recovers.  We are enacting recovery and operational contingency plans and a great team is in place to address the challenges. We will keep you updated on our status and progress.  Now let me turn it over to Joe to talk in more detail about the second quarter performance and the full year outlook. 
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating and Cooling.  In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating and Cooling was a record $716 million, up 10%. Volume was up 8%, price was up 2% and mix was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. Residential profit was a record $154 million, up 9%. Segment margin remained at a record 21.5% level. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, higher price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, lower SG&A expenses and favorable foreign exchange. Offsets included unfavorable mix, higher commodity and freight costs, distribution investments and higher other product costs.  Residential also had a smaller favorable annual warranty adjustment this quarter than in the prior quarter – prior year quarter, which resulted in a $2 million headwind year-over-year.  Now turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business. Commercial revenue was a record $292 million, up 13%, volume was up 10%, price was up 2% and mix was flat. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. North America commercial HVAC equipment revenue was up mid-teens. National account services revenue was up more than 25%, Europe commercial HVAC revenue was down mid-single-digits. Commercial segment profit was a record $53 million, up 18%. Segment margin was 18%, up 70 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, higher price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, and favorable warranty adjustment. Partial offsets included unfavorable mix, higher commodity and freight costs and higher other product costs. In our Refrigeration segment which excludes the non-core businesses in Australia, Asia and South America being divested in 2018, revenue in the second quarter was $150 million, up 2%. Volume was up 1%, price was up 1% and mix was down 1% with foreign exchange having a positive 1% impact on the revenue. By region, on a reported basis at actual currency, North America was down mid-single-digits and Europe was up more than 30%. Refrigeration segment profit was $22 million, up 5%. Segment margin was 14.9%, up 40 basis points.  Segment profit was impacted by higher volume, higher price, engineering-led cost reductions and sourcing benefits including selling refrigerant allocations in Europe, and favorable foreign exchange. Partial offsets included unfavorable mix, and higher commodity, freight, and other product costs. Overall for the company on an adjusted basis, the second quarter had a net after-tax charges of $11.3 million. This included a $31.4 million asset write-down related to the refrigeration divestitures, a net gain of $18 million from the sale of Australia and Asia businesses and Sydney area real estate and a net gain of $2.1 million for various other items, Corporate expenses were $23 million in the second quarter, down from $24 million in the prior year quarter. Overall, SG&A on a GAAP basis was $161 million in the second quarter or 13.7% of revenue, down from 15.3% in the prior year quarter. On an adjusted basis, SG&A as a percentage of revenue was $13.5% in the second quarter, down from 14.7% in the prior year quarter.  Net cash from operations in the second quarter was $49 million, compared to $59 million in the second quarter a year ago. Capital expenditures were $21 million, compared to $19 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was $28 million compared to approximately $41 million in the second quarter a year ago.  Total debt was $1.35 billion at the end of the second quarter and we ended June with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.2. Cash and cash equivalents were $39 million at the end of June. The company paid $21 million in dividends and $200 million for stock repurchases in the second quarter. Now before I turn it over Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2018. Our market assumptions for 2018 are unchanged. For the overall - for the industry overall, we expect North America residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single-digits. We expect North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single-digits and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low-single-digits.  Looking at revenue guidance on a GAAP basis, we now expect 4% to 6% growth factoring in the timing of the Refrigeration divestitures and neutral foreign exchange. On an adjusted basis, given our underlying market assumptions, our targets for market share gains and the company’s first half performance, we are raising our range from 4% to 8% with a positive 1% benefit from foreign exchange to 6% to 8% with neutral foreign exchange.  GAAP EPS guidance from continuing operations for 2018 moves from a range of $8.79 to $9.39 to a new range of $9.43 to $9.83 after second quarter results and incorporating the gain from the Sydney real estate into our guidance with the completion of that transaction. We are raising adjusted EPS from continuing operations guidance for this year from $9.75 to $10.35 to a new range of $9.95 to $10.35.  Now let me run through some of the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2018. First, the guidance points that are changing; as Todd highlighted earlier, we are raising our guidance for the year from $50 million to $75 million.  We are raising our price guidance for the year from $50 million to $75 million, which will offset the headwind we see from commodities, freight and tariffs, and of course we are attacking all those headwinds with sourcing strategies as well.  Foreign exchange is now expected to be neutral for the year versus prior guidance of a $5 million benefit. We are raising our stock repurchase guidance for this year following $150 million of purchases in the first quarter and $200 million in the second quarter. We now plan to repurchase $450 million of shares in total for the year, up from prior year guidance of $350 million.  Accordingly, our weighted average diluted share count for the year moves from a range of 41 million to 42 million shares to approximately 41 million shares.  Now for the guidance points that are unchanged. We continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We still see $7 million in savings from our residential factories as we focus on automation at our US plants and other productivity initiatives. Investments in distribution will still be a $10 million headwind this year and we still expect SG&A to be a $10 million headwind as well.  A few other guidance points. Corporate expenses are still targeted $85 million this year. Net interest expense is still expected to be approximately $35 million for the full year. Tax rate guidance remains 22% to 24% on an adjusted basis for the full year. Capital expenditures are still planned to be approximately $100 million in 2018 and $395 million in free cash flow is targeted for the full year. And with that, operator, let’s now go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jeff Hammond : Hey, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff. 
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning, Jeff. 
Jeff Hammond : Hey, just a couple questions on residential, one, did you see any pre-buy in your allied brands, and two, can you just speak to the negative mix dynamics?
Todd Bluedorn: On the pre-buy, it’s always hard to know, but our guess is zero to 10 million of pre-buy across all the brands. On the residential margins, as we said in the call, it’s 21.5, a record levels. Our first price increase that we put in at the end of last year was to offset the headwind from commodities and we did that in the quarter.  But in Q2, residential also had $4 million of headwind from freight rate increases. The mid-June price increase will offset the headwind from both commodities and freight and we will be better positioned for margin expansion in the second half of the year with residential. 
Jeff Hammond : Okay, and then, can you just – so it seems like the incremental costs are really freight and then this tariff dynamic, can you speak? What are you seeing on the tariff specifically? Is that sourcing motors, et cetera?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, the short answer is, yes. It’s the 301, the one that came out that’s already been implemented plus the – our best understanding of the 200 – excuse me, $36 billion or $34 billion that’s already been implemented and then the $200 billion that’s going to be implemented.  Our sort of best understanding of the future, one, plus our current understanding of the one that’s already been implemented for this year about $5 million headwind. And then, yes, it’s primarily motors and electronics and to a lesser degree some of our controls from [indiscernible]. 
Jeff Hammond : Okay, thanks guys. I’ll get back in queue. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Your line is open. 
Tim Wojs : Hey guys. Good morning. Nice job. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Tim. 
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you. 
Tim Wojs : Hey. So, just on mix, in residential it looks like the new construction and R&R markets grew kind of similar rates. So just kind of curious what you are seeing in terms of mix? Are you seeing any sort of trade-down within R&R around the price increases?
Todd Bluedorn: No, no. I mean, we continue to see within each of the segments sort of the natural mix up and that continues to be the case. And so, no, we haven’t – it’s sort of the opposite when people know that price increase is happening, they’ll do the preload plans that we’ve put in place and those tend to be a richer mix. So, no, I mean, we haven’t seen any push back on the price. 
Tim Wojs : Okay. And then, just on raw materials, I know you are mostly hedged for this year. But any flexibility to hedge more now that copper and aluminum have moved the largest as you look into 2019?
Todd Bluedorn: We have a – I think the right word will be thoughtful hedge strategy where we have a band and [indiscernible] be the middle of the band to high-end or the low-end of the band and we have rules in place that we react to it. So, we are not commodity speculators, but we try and react to drops in the market. 
Tim Wojs : Okay, great. Good luck on the rest of the year. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Your line is open. 
Ryan Merkel : Hey, thanks. Good morning everyone. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Ryan. 
Joseph Reitmeier: Hey, Ryan. 
Ryan Merkel : So, first on incremental margins, I think you put up 23% this quarter adjusted. I think we were talking about 30% for the year, but is that still in the cards and why or why not?
Todd Bluedorn: I think if you take the midpoint of our guide, we are a little bit below 30% and I think the thing that we’ve seen is, first half of the year, we were chasing freight and chasing the tariffs and we’ve now put in place the price increase. I think second half of the year, we’ll probably be closer to 30% on a full year basis, we’ll probably be a little bit below it. 
Ryan Merkel : Okay. And then, secondly on price cost, it sounds like in the second half you expect the spread to be a little bit better, but just clarify that for me if you would.
Todd Bluedorn: I think what we are saying, again, to repeat is, what we saw in second quarter was, if you added freight of $6 million to the commodity increase year-over-year, it was greater than what we got with price, because the first price increase was really focused on just offsetting commodities. Second price increase will help us offset the freight.  And so, for the balance of the year, while we are guiding – or on a full year basis, we are guiding $75 million of price headwind of $50 million from commodities, $20 million from freight and $5 million from tariff. So, on a full year basis, we’ll offset everything. First half of the year we weren’t able to offset freight. So second half of the year should be positive. 
Ryan Merkel : Got it. And then, just lastly, you mentioned July is off to a good start. Can we just get a few more details in terms of the growth rate and any segment color?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not going to give the exact growth rate. It’s just – I mean, you all can read a weather map and when it’s just hot it helps us quite a bit. So, it’s early, but July is off to a nice start. We also had a nice backlog in our commercial businesses both commercial HVAC and Refrigeration in North America. For the quarter – or for the third quarter July and August are about 30% of shipments in each and in September, it’s just under 40%. So we still have a lot of work [indiscernible]. 
Ryan Merkel : Thanks, Todd. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 
Gautam Khanna : Yes, thanks. Good morning guys. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Gautam, how are you?
Gautam Khanna : Well, thanks. I wanted to follow-up, I thought I heard this right that national accounts service was up 25%.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. 
Gautam Khanna : Plus, and that was on a – if I recall, a big comp from last year, right. So, what’s going on there? Can you…
Todd Bluedorn: We have a really good team there and we’ve – when things start to kick in on a business model, you get a really positive flywheel effect. And so, all the work that we’ve done on our national account equipment business tied into our service business and then increasingly what we are trying to do with our controls business with our icon controls, we’ve put together a nice package.  We think where we have the right cost structure to go after these large national accounts who want service from us. And so, it’s a reflection of a multi-year strategy. We’ve been showing charts for four, five years saying that this is a good business for us. We want to grow it and the second quarter was nice quarter for us. 
Joseph Reitmeier: And so presumably the momentum should continue into Q3 despite the tough comps. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think it continues, I am not sure we grow it 25% a year or 25% each quarter. But we said we are going to grow double-digits, mid-teens in this business and that’s what we’ve done the last four or five years and that’s what we expect to continue to do. 
Gautam Khanna : Okay. I wanted to also know if you could calibrate us on Q3 given last year you had some weather – the hurricane disruptions. Just how should we think about the incremental margins in Q3 given the price that you mentioned, either price actions plus, I don’t know if you ever had a chance to quantify what the negative drag last year was in Q3 from the hurricane disruptions?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think we’re going to reasonably balanced around that. I don’t think we’ve bitched too much about it in the third quarter and then we haven’t promised too much coming out of it. So, I mean, it had some impact in Houston and Florida. But I don’t think it had a major impact. What we’ve said for the second half of the year is that we have price to offset commodities and freight and we should expect a better drop through second half of the year than we saw first half of the year. 
Gautam Khanna : Okay. Last one for me, if you will. You upped the buyback a little bit now with the proceeds from the divestitures. Could you talk a little bit about the M&A pipeline if there has been any change there?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean, the M&A pipeline we’ve been – we have the luxury of growing organically, both with end-markets that are growing and gaining share. We’ve been pretty clear that we’d want to consolidate the North America HVAC, unitary HVAC market, but others would have to decide they wanted to exit. We’ve said that, the right acquisition in Europe might make sense, but that’s not a priority for us and so, I guess, that’s consistent with what we’ve said in the past and that’s still true today. 
Gautam Khanna : Thanks. Great results. Congratulations. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Nigel Coe : Thanks. Good morning. Just a couple of quick questions. We covered a lot of ground here. You mentioned the Marshalltown facility. And first of all, apologies if that's all affected. What demarcations [ph] you mentioned very clearly in your PR that you got kind of measures in place, but what does this do to factory loading in 3Q in Mexico and South Carolina? And the – I am assuming there will be some freight costs explains as you rebalance the manufacturing? Would you exclude those cost in 3Q? 
Todd Bluedorn: To just be clear about it, we are still fully assessing the extent of the damage. The manufacturing facility in Marshalltown sustained damage to sections of the roofs and the walls and portions of the manufacturing floor. Our distribution center that’s located there wasn’t damaged at all. So lot of the finished goods products ready to ship.  As you said in the call, we are in action recovering operational contingency plans very early. And so, I understand your questions, but the honest answer is, we are not sure internally exactly how we are going to handle this and what we are going to do except for the point that we made in the press release that we are committed to taking care of customers and one of the luxuries of owning your own distribution is we have a lot of products in the field more than 40 days and for some of the products we produce in Marshalltown significantly more than 40 days is out in the distribution network. And so, we are going to work through it and we’ll keep investors updated as we finalize the status and progress of how we are going to respond. 
Nigel Coe : Thank you. And then, just quickly - quick one on Europe. I know you are not – Europe is not a big for you, but we saw strong trends in Refrigeration. We saw weak trends in Commercial HVAC. There is a little bit of noise around European trends, but just from your perspective in your approach what are you seeing in Europe? Would you expect that market to weaken over the balance of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: Our HVAC business was down just because of lumpiness of a couple major customers. So, significant piece of business that we did last year didn’t repeat this year. Our Refrigeration business is up nicely. We think Western Europe is where we play predominantly.  France, Spain, Germany, we think it’s going to be up low-single-digits and we think that will remain for the balance of the year. But again, I am – I always use the phrase that, we just have a small PO on this market. We serve portions of it, but the portions we are serving were cautiously optimistic for the balance of the year. 
Nigel Coe : That’s great. Thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Julian Mitchell with Barclays. Your line is open. 
Julian Mitchell : Hi, good morning. Maybe just a question, Todd, for you, sort of during on your long experience in this industry, looking out beyond the sort of price cost gyrations week-to-week this year, when you are thinking about the typical period after you’ve had a lot of input cost inflation and price reaction by the HVAC manufacturers, how much of a carryover does that tends to be in terms of a tailwind for HVAC margins in the subsequent period once that cost inflation dies down. If you see this impact sort of historic cycles and any reasons why, say next year might be different versus history?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, if I understand the question right, I’d answer this way, is, once we get price, we don’t give it back and so we get price to offset commodities and then, if commodities go to home, then margins go up and we had several years where that was the case.  And so, I would think about it as the price increases that we are getting in June will have round half year impact this year and then there will be carryover in the next year. And if commodities continue to rise and we’ll pass on additional price. So I think that’s how I think about it. We get price, we never give it back, commodities go up and down. 
Julian Mitchell : When the competitive dynamic is pretty similar now, have you seen any changes there in the recent months or quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve seen all our competitors announce similar price increases. Our best sense in the field is that they are implementing them and I think you can see by our results that we are certainly now losing share and my guess is we are gaining share through the first half of the year both in res and in commercial. And so, we are not giving up any market share position by implementing prices and I think our competitors are doing the same thing not gaining share, but I think our competitors are passing on price. 
Julian Mitchell : Thanks, and then, lastly, the gross margins were down in Q2 having been up in the first quarter. Do you think we should see them coming back in Q3 or it’s more towards the end of the year, you will get the gross margins up again?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I’ll take it on the round and say, we think gross margins will be up second half of the year and so what we saw in the second quarter was, for the corporation, we had about a $6 million headwind from freight that wasn’t offset by price. But the June price increase we now will be able to cover that plus commodities. So, we think second half of the year, our gross margins will start to grow again. 
Julian Mitchell : Great. Thank you very much. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is open. 
Rich Kwas : Hey, good morning everyone. 
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Rich. 
Rich Kwas : Just on the freight thing. So, with regards – I mean, that doesn’t seem like that’s going to slowdown anytime soon. So as we think about 2019, we have to put an incremental price increase to cover what could happen as we think about 2019?
Todd Bluedorn: There is a couple sort of what ifs and I think I just directly answered it. We’ll keep our eyes on commodity, freight and tariffs and just like we’ve priced – at least second half of the year to offset those as we go into 2019 we’ll price to offset them too.  Similar to commodities, our competitors will see freight just like we will and our competitors import the same motors and controls and electronics from China that we do. And so, short answer is, we’ll price to offset inflationary headwinds that we see.
Rich Kwas : And the current price increase that you just put through mid-year, does that cover the incremental $5 million on the tariffs over the next year? 
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. 
Rich Kwas : Okay. All right, so… 
Todd Bluedorn: Sorry, sorry, the price increase we put in effect this year offsets the $5 million we are going to see in 2018 for the tariffs. That’s the guide I gave.
Rich Kwas : Sorry. But so then, there would have to be an incremental price increase at year-end to get in to cover would flap over impact?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think if you take a look of us guiding that from $50 million or $75 million in price, an additional $25 million coming from the mid-year price increase, I think you can sort of do the math that there is going to be significant, but carryover that price increase that I think will offset some of the commodity increases that you are talking about. Some of the tariff increases you are talking about. 
Rich Kwas : Right. But on the freight standpoint, it sounds like, the likelihood of you being caught again, as we go into 2019 less, you are watching it more closely or…
Todd Bluedorn: We are certainly watching it more closely. I think it’s similar to what commodities do to us. Last year 2017 as they start spiking up during the middle of the year, I mean, we are going to keep our eye on it and see what happens. Unfortunately, I think tariffs and freight will move in opposite directions, right. So if tariffs goes up, maybe there won’t be quite as many freight requirements.
Rich Kwas : Right. And then, two other quick ones. On the guide for the incremental for the second half, that does not include any potential negative impacts from Marshalltown.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think it’s trying to – the short answer is, yes. But, we are going to sort of work through and try and minimize all of that. 
Rich Kwas : Right, right, right, understood. And then, just it seems like in the field, one of your value-oriented competitor is still struggling on a fulfillment standpoint. So, with the mix this quarter, was 13th year [Ph], 13/14th year [Ph] a bigger percentage of the mix that we are able to pick up some share here this quarter with a clear – what we are seeing out there? 
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think the mix was about the same this year as it was the year ago. And I think it reflects, we are trying to gain share multiple places. I think overall, we gained share. We are competing at the low-end, but we are also ready to mix up and as I talked about, when you have these price increases and you sort of moving product out, you have a tendency to mix up.
Rich Kwas : Okay. Thanks for the color, Todd. Appreciated.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. And the final question will come from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is open. 
Walter Liptak : Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Walter. 
Walter Liptak : Wanted to ask about the tariffs and just wanted to clarify that, in your view, all the discussion about the tariff is more of a cost issue and not a supply issue. And I guess what I am trying to get at is, do you start to look at North American suppliers, especially U.S. more favorably with what’s going on with kind of trade war with China?
Todd Bluedorn: I think right now, it’s just a cost issue and the ground keeps moving. So we are constantly assessing what’s going on, where we are at and what’s the right play. So, depending on what happens, maybe we change our supply chain, but right now, it’s $5 million of headwind.  We have good suppliers in China and we are talking to our suppliers, as Joe mentioned and I mentioned in the script about are there other options on where they can produce some of our components other than China, that will be cost advantage to us or cost advantageous to us and we continue to work through those strategies. 
Walter Liptak : Okay. And then just a last one, I don’t think you talked too much about cold storage, but there is some discussion that tariffs are having an impact on meat inventories and I wonder if that it’s too soon that they are thinking about more cold storage going into the U.S.?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not sure we’ve seen that phenomenon, sort of play out the tariff impact more broadly. Little bit of slowdown in the first half of the year in our cold storage business and you saw a little bit in the revenue numbers in this quarter in North America where we were down in our Refrigeration business, but we have strong backlog going into the second half of the year.  Cold storage has been a growth segment for us over the last two or three years and after slowing down a little bit in the first half. We are pretty optimistic second half, I don’t think that has anything to do with tariff, but I think that’s just longer-term macro trends around people wanting prepared food and fresh food either delivered to their homes or supported in their grocery stores and we think we are in a good position to handle that market. 
Walter Liptak : Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Walter.
Operator: And with that, speakers, I’d like to turn it back over to you for any closing comments. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks a lot operator. To wrap up, with record performance in the first half and the strong start to the third quarter, we are raising our guidance for 2018 and look forward to continued strong growth and profitability in the second half of the year. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier – CFO
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Tim Wojs - Baird Julian Mitchell - Barclays Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Company Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Robert Barry - Susquehanna Ryan Merkel - William Blair Robert McCarthy - Stifel Chris Belfiore - UBS Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2018. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior-year period unless otherwise noted. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In first quarter of 2018 Lennox International posted strong revenue and profit growth. They set new first quarter highs for revenue, total segment margin and profit and adjusted EPS from continuing operations. Revenue on a GAAP basis was a first quarter record $835 million, up 5% on adjusted basis excluding non-core refrigeration businesses in Australia, Asia and South America that we are in the process of divesting as previously announced, revenue was up 6% to record $788 million. At constant currency revenue in both cases was up 4%. On a GAAP basis operating income was $53 million in the first quarter including $13 million in pretax charges for the write-down of assets and divestiture of costs associated with Australia and Asia transaction. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.90 including $0.30 in charges for the write-down of assets and divestiture costs associated with the Australia and Asia transaction. On an adjusted basis total segment profit rose 12% to a first quarter record $69 million. Total segment margin expanded 50 basis points for a first quarter record 8.8%, and adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 33% to a first quarter record $1.13. Turning to the key points on our business segments for the first quarter residential established new first quarter highs for revenue, segment margin and profit. Revenue was up 8% with a replacement business up high single-digits and new construction up mid-single digits. Residential had strong price performance and a richer mix than a year ago with replacement business growing faster than new construction. Residential segment profit rose 21% and segment margin expanded 120 basis points to 11.3%. Turning to commercial in the first quarter; revenue and profit hit new first quarter highs. Revenue was up 3% at constant currency and segment profit was up 2%, segment margin of 9.5% was up 30 basis points from the record first quarter level a year ago. In North America, commercial equipment revenues was up low single digits for the quarter, replacement revenues was up mid-single digits and new construction revenue was down mid single digits. Looking at equipment business another way, national account revenue was flat in the quarter and regional and local was up mid single digits. On the service side, national account revenue was up a strong mid 20% rate. In Europe, commercial flat and quarter in regional local revenue was out digits on the server-side national account service revenue was up a strong of mid-20% rate, in Europe commercial HVAC revenues down mid-teens at constant currency. In our core refrigeration business, revenue was down 5% at constant currency. In North America, refrigeration system revenue was relatively flat. Refrigerated display case revenue was down high teens from year ago. In Europe revenues up mid-teens at constant currency on strength in both food and nonfood refrigeration business, refrigeration segment profit was down 14% and segment margin was down 100 points to 7.4%. To update you on the sale of our non-core refrigeration businesses, as announced in March we signed a binding agreement for the sale of our Australia and Asia business to Beijer Ref. We expect the sale to close in the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, in the first quarter we had a $13 million pretax charge or $0.30 to GAAP EPS for the write-down of assets and divestiture costs associated with the transaction. In April, we signed a binding agreement for the sale of our South America business to Elgin, a privately held Brazilian company. We expect the sale to close later this year. Subject to Brazilian antitrust approval in the second quarter, we expect to take approximately $30 million in non-cash charges associated with the transaction which is approximately $0.73 factored in to GAAP EPS guidance. We're also in the process of selling real estate in the Sydney metro area that was formerly related to Australia operations and we expect that to be concluded before the end of the year. Given the low book value of the property and the strong Sydney real estate market, we would expect a sizable gain on the sale. As previously announced, we are broadly estimating total net proceeds from these transactions of approximately US$110 million, which we expect to receive over the course of the years as the sales are closed. We are excited about the streamlining our refrigeration portfolio to focus on our strong market position in North America and Europe, and the market opportunities in these regions. Overall for the Company 2018 we will continue to invest in our core businesses, grow the dividend and repurchase stock. We directed 150 million of stock repurchases in the first quarter and have announced plans for a total of 350 million of stock repurchases for the full year. The first quarter was a record start to the year, and as we enter our largest seasonal period we continue to expect strong growth and profitability on our way to another record year in 2018. Now, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with residential heating and cooling. In the first quarter revenue from residential heating and cooling was a first quarter record $454 million, up 8%. Volume was up 5%, price was up 2% and mix was up 1%, foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was first quarter record $51 million, up 21%. Segment margin was a first quarter record 11.3%, up 120 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume and factory productivity, favorable price and mix in sourcing and engineering lead cost reductions, partial offsets included higher commodity and freight costs, higher SG&A and distribution investments. Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. Commercial revenue was a first quarter record $206 million, up 5%, volume was up 3%, price was up 1% and mix was down 1%, foreign exchange had a positive 2% impact on revenue. North America commercial HVAC equipment revenue was up low single digits, national account services revenue was up at a mid 20% rate, European commercial HVAC revenue was down low single digits. Commercial segment profit was a first quarter record $20 million, up 2%. Segment profit margin was 9.5%, off 30 basis points from the first quarter record level a year ago. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, higher price, sourcing and engineering lead cost reductions, lower other product costs and lower SG&A, partial offsets included unfavorable mix, higher commodity and freight costs and distribution investments. In our refrigeration segment which now excludes the non-core businesses in Australia, Asia and South America that we are divesting, revenue in the first quarter was $129 million, down 2%, volume was down 6%, price was up 1% and mix was flat, foreign exchange had a positive 3% impact of revenue. By region our actual currency on a reported basis, North America was down high single digits and Europe was up 30%, refrigeration segment profit was $10 million, down 14%. Segment margin was 7.4%, down 100 basis points, segment profit was impacted by lower volume and factory absorption and higher commodity costs, partial offsets include higher price, sourcing and engineering lead cost reductions and lower other product costs and lower SG&A. Overall for the company on an adjusted basis, the first quarter had net after-tax charges of $9.4 million. This included $10.3 million for the asset write-down and $1.9 million charge for the divestiture costs associated with the Australia and Asia transaction, $1.5 million for asbestos-related litigation and a net total of $1.3 million for various other items, As partial offsets we had a benefit of $4.3 million for excess tax benefits from share based compensation and profit of $1.3 million for non-core business results. Corporate expenses were $11 million in the first quarter, flat with the prior quarter. Overall SG&A was $155 million or 18.6% of revenue, down from 19.2% in the prior quarter. Net cash used in operations in the first quarter was $83 million compared to $180 million in the first quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $23 million compared to $25 million in the prior quarter. With respect to free cash flow, we used approximately $106 million in the first quarter compared to a use of $132 million in the prior quarter. Due to the seasonal nature of our business the company uses cash in the first half of the year and generates cash in the second half of year. We continue to target $395 million of free cash flow for 2018 overall. Total debt was $1.29 billion at the end of the first quarter, and we ended March with debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.2. Cash and cash equivalents were $57 million at the end of March and the company paid approximately $21 million in dividends and $150 million for share purchases in the first quarter. Before I turn it over Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2018. Our market assumptions for 2018 aren't changed. For the industry overall we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North America commercial unitary shipments to be of low single digits and we expect North American refrigeration shipments to be of low single digits. Based on this underlying market environment and our targets for market share gains adjusted revenue growth guidance from a Lennox International is 4% to 8% including a positive 1% benefit from foreign exchange. Our prior guidance was 3% to 7% growth with a minimal impact from foreign exchange. GAAP EPS guidance from continuing operations for 2018 loose from a range of $9.75 to $10.35 to a new range of $8.79 to $9.39 after incorporating first quarter results and the expected second quarter charges associated with the divestiture of the South American business. As Todd mentioned we expect a sizable gain on the sale of our Sydney real estate and this is not factored into our GAAP guidance for the year. For adjusted EPS from continuing operations guidance for 2018, we are reiterating our range of $9.75 to $10.35. Now let me run through some of the other key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2018. We continue to expect $50 million of headwind from commodities in 2018 which includes Section 232 tariff impact on steel and aluminum and are confident in offsetting that with $50 million of price increases for the year. We continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing and engineering lead cost reduction programs. We still see $7 million in savings from our residential factories as we focus on automation on our U.S. plants and other productivity initiatives. We continue to expect a $5 million benefit from foreign exchange for the full year and investments and distributions will still be a $10 million headwind this year, and SG&A growth will be another $10 million headwind. Now, just a few more guidance points, corporate expenses are still targeted at $85 million for this year, net interest expense is now expected to be approximately $35 million for the full year, up from prior guidance of $32 million. Tax rate guidance remains 22% to 24% on an adjusted basis for the full year. We are planning for capital expenditures of approximately $100 million for 2018 and the expected average diluted share count for the full year is still expected to be 41 million to 42 million shares, which includes our plans to repurchase $350 million of stock this year and $395 million in free cash flow is still targeted for the full year. And with that let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First on the line is Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond : Hey, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond : So, just on price, it sounds like you guys are – as it moves up you're covering it. We heard chatter in the channel about June price increase. Is that something you're contemplating, would that be additive? Maybe just a little more color there?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, first just let me reiterate the fact Jeff that, may we said it in the script but I'll just reiterate it. We got $11 million of price in first quarter, 2% of revenue of price in residential where you get priced the earliest, and 1.5 for LII overall. I think that's a strong as I've seen since I've been here. We had 9 million commodity headwind in Q1. For the full year we're confident, we're going to get 50 million of price to offset the 50 million of commodity, maybe even better given the traction that we got in first quarter. As you know it's both the announcing of price increases, but it's the yield you get on much announced. As so, we watch what our competitors do in terms of announcing an official next price increase, but the clear message is we're getting price in the marketplace, we're going to continue to get price in the marketplace. If commodity costs were to move up again we would get additional price to offset that.
Jeff Hammond : And then, refrigeration I think you’re still saying the market’s low single-digit, but you did come out of the gate here weak and it seems like more on the display side. What gives you confidence that you start to see better trends there and then just maybe update us on margin expectations for refrigeration, just given that you have started the year in the whole? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: The North America refrigeration market, we expect the industry – I think we're a little bit more conservative than what you said, we expect it to be up, low single digits and we expect our business to be up a little bit better than that. The softness in Kysor/Warren is just a reflection of the lumpiness of the grocery business, which is a large part of what they do on the display case side and there are some lumpiness ahead impact both on factory absorption and the volume impact. In terms of margins, we’ve driven nice margin improvement in refrigeration in the last couple of years and there is more to come in 2018 and 2016 margins were up a couple hundred basis points. Last year they were up about 50 basis points and while we were down at first quarter we are still expecting our margins to be up 52 to 100 basis points full year within our refrigeration segment. Again adjusted for the businesses that were disposing of sort an apples-to-apples, we think it’s going to be up 52 to 100 basis points.
Jeff Hammond : Okay, thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Steve Harrison: Good morning Steve.
Steve Tusa: You know further delve into bit, prices cost hysteria out there, but on the refrigeration side specifically did you guys say what price cost would be there?
Todd Bluedorn: I am just looking at some notes to make sure. We offset commodities with price and in the first quarter and in all three segments, including refrigeration.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So going forward here over the course of the year you are optimistic you can get price in that channel?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. That’s a short answer.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And are you seeing on the Resi side, are you seeing everybody behave relatively well, any holdout so far. I know there have been, as Jeff said, few of your peers have kind of gone out with letters but maybe there is a couple guys missing there. Have you seen everybody kind of move forward?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I would answer it this way. I would say, we had strong revenue growth in the quarter. I think we outpaced the market and we got price. So that means we gained share raising price that implies in an industry structure, others are doing the same thing, and then as I have always said, our competitors have the same cost structure we do and they hedge the same way we do, and they got a pass on commodities just like we do. So, at any given point, if I like talk to sales guys there is a city where somebody is being a rational on pricing but across the board the industry structure is a good one. We all know we have to go get price.
Steve Tusa: Okay, that's fair. And then one last thing, I know aluminum is kind of moved up here recently, when you look at your commodity cost estimates, I assume that reflects kind of like what you know as of April 23rd as opposed to March 31st?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. It’s our best bet right now, and again I mean more 50 is a pretty round number. So it’s plus or minus that to be totally sincere, but 50 is sort of the number and if it goes up or down a material amount then we update it, but we feel – I think the high-level message I deliver and I know there is concern about this in the marketplace is we are confident. We are going to offset commodities with price and we had a very good first quarter and demonstrate at least for one quarter we are doing it.
Steve Tusa: Right. Just curious, how are our April volumes kind of starting off here in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: Anytime the Cubs and the Mets are being snowed out. It’s not a good sign for air-conditioning sales. So to honest answer, the April started cooler than last year, but it’s very early in the quarter, 80% of the of the quarters in May and June and we have plenty of time for the weather to warm up, but it’s been cold in the first couple of weeks of April and that's [Indiscernible]. And last year you may recall it got hot early. So we were hot in April and then cooled off at the end of the quarter. So, we still have plenty of time for the heat to come, but a bit soft a little bit of the slow start.
Steve Tusa: Yeah, they always say sticking your head out the window is not fundamental analysis. So the weather is what it is. Thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Exactly, right.
Operator: Next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hey guys, good morning.
Steve Harrison: Hey Tim.
Tim Wojs: Maybe just think about residential and maybe the business more broadly too, but how are you guys thinking about next in the context of just some of the price increases that you are seeing in residential, anything that you have seen – I know the summer selling season is kind of ahead of us, but any context around, any sort of trade down or anything like that you are seeing from the mix perspective or expecting?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean we had positive mix in the quarter in resi in part, because add-on and replacement was up more than what new construction was in that leads to it, but even within our add-on replacement we continue to see mix-up and that’s all part of the strategy around I comfort and what we were doing with our Dave Lennox Signature Series. So, no, again we sort of talked about this at the end consumer level 2% of price based on something about 15 years ago where the equipments half the cost and labor installations the other half is to be unnoticeable and so once you get to pass the contractor, dealer to accept to it the homeowners are going to take the price increase.
Tim Wojs: Okay, great. And then just in terms of the use of the cash proceeds on some of the refrigeration sales is that incorporated into your guidance at this point or how would we just kind of think about offsetting some of the dilution as you work through '18?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s not explicitly incorporated into the guidance if you are sort of asking a question of, are we anticipating a share buyback that we haven’t announced to lower the share account to get to the GAAP or to get to the EPS guidance, that’s not incorporated but sort of the mantras is consistent of, we will be disciplined, we will invest in the core business, we’ve sort of said what CapEx is going to be, we are going to have dividends grow with earnings and then what’s left we are going to do share buyback with.
Tim Wojs: Great. Well, good luck on the rest of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we will go to Julian Mitchell with Barclays, please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Julian!
Julian Mitchell: Hey! Just a question maybe, you have talked a lot about commodity costs thus far. I just wanted on the freight costs. You called those out as headwinds in the residential and commercial businesses. Maybe any kind of sizing of how big headwind that was in the quarter and how you are thinking about the subsequent impact over the balance of the year from freight costs in the guidance?
Todd Bluedorn: For the quarter it was a couple million – 2 or 3 million and we have been able to offset that through distribution and transportation productivity and other areas, as well as sort of broadly managing the cost of the business and again I would broadly say, take that and multiply times 3.5 [ph] and I think it sort of get the full-year impact of it, but again we are offsetting it on other elements of cost on the P&L.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful, thank you! And then my follow up would be around the commercial segment in particular how quickly you think we should see margins start to move up year on year, whether that’s in the second quarter we have to wait till the second half? And also whether you saw much impact from weather in the first quarter in terms of any kind of activity push outs or project delays that kind of thing?
Todd Bluedorn: No, there wasn’t much. There is always sort of push outs at the end of quarter. So, there wasn’t anything weather driven, what we saw in first quarter for our commercial business is just the lumpiness of national account revenue and national account revenue is more profitable for us than our regional and local business and our regional local business grew faster than national accounts, and that caused to mix down. We are focused on driving margin expansion in commercial and we had strong fourth quarter, we had margins decreased in first quarter, but we were committed to having them grow for the balance of the year.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yeah. Thanks good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Gautam!
Gautam Khanna: So, couple of questions. First, now with the refrigeration exits announced, are there any assets in that space you would like to add to the portfolio to the remaining refrigeration business to help shore it up or you do you sort of have what you need and that’s not really a focus of M&A from here?
Todd Bluedorn: I think there could be some opportunities, both in North America and now that we’ve parsed our business back and not in the display case business, but sort of in our more core traditional refrigeration business for may be opportunities, and we talked more broadly in Europe, both HVAC and refrigeration there is opportunities, but I wouldn’t expect us to pull the trigger on refrigeration in the near-term. I think we still have organic opportunities, both for growth and to continue to grow margins to get our three year target. So if we do something refrigeration I would look for that to be sometime next year or later.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And then just as a follow-up when you look at the industry landscape it all seems pretty rational and everything, but are there any combinations out there that would do you think pose a threat to Lennox, because we have heard a little bit about you UTX, may be splitting up their company eventually and who knows what happened with JCI, post the separation of the auto battery business. Are there any combinations like with that combination be a threat or change the landscape significantly from where you guys sit? Anything out that scares you?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean short answer is no. I said it three times but I guess I will underline it and say. Where we play North America residential and North America like commercial or unitary were three in our end markets and we are at critical mass and scale, and so if two of these other sort of large applied companies that also have residential businesses and in its early in JCI’s case almost an afterthought sort of combine that doesn’t bother us at all and again I without being too snarky about it haven’t spent a lot of time at UTC when these conglomerates combine people worried about or they are going to still have a corner office and or they going to still have the VIP parking pass rather than customers, and so it doesn’t bother me when sort of combination actually think we gain a lot of share of that. Now, that’s I guess is the snarky answer. The more constructive answer is I do think there can be value creative combinations in this industry and I think we demonstrated that we are pretty good operators here and if something comes available I think we could create value if we were part of the combination.
Gautam Khanna:
Appreciate it:
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff!
Jeff Sprague: Hey, the good news is that aluminum is down 8% this morning on a little Russia relief, but I have a got a question about China if you don’t mind. You had made a point Todd historically about outsourcing significantly to China and highlighted that the Investor Day, as you knows there is a lot of motors and compressors on that list that came out a couple weeks ago, can you give us a little color on how you might deal with that? Can you shift back to the U.S? Is there anything preliminary that you are doing or do you just need to wait and see how these cards fall?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I will answer the latter part of the question first. We had to wait and see how the cards fall. I have learnt. We have all learnt. You’ve got to sort of see how it plays out. You can’t react to the tweets or sort of early pronouncements and this is obviously more than a tweet they put it on paper, but we discus and see how it plays out. The answer is we have options. We have options both to move it back to North America, to move it other places in Asia. So, we will wait and see how it plays out, but we have multiple suppliers and flexibility on almost all the components, including the motors and we will just see how it plays out and react.
Jeff Sprague: Can you give us a sense of how much of your sourcing is still in the U.S. on motors and compressors?
Todd Bluedorn: We do over half our compressors in the U.S. We have a joint venture from decades ago with Emerson that we do, we have base load of our compressors come from there and then some of the premium motors, we still source in the U.S. but even our U.S. suppliers of motors make a lot of those in Asia and source them for us from there. So, compressors more than 50 in the U.S., motors more than 50 outside the U.S.
Jeff Sprague: And I just wanted some help thinking about the incremental to obviously of targeting kind of 35%, but as you know the way the arithmetic it works, so right if you are getting price of spending cost dollar for dollar that actually erodes margin, right? It works against the conversion rate so to speak. You still see a path drive to 35% incrementals and maybe a little color on how you get there?
Todd Bluedorn: A partial little bit and just say, I think it’s closer to 30 than 35, that’s what we are attempting to do with our guide this year in longer-term. So, I think it’s more 30% is what we should see the drop-through on the model. Yeah, we are still pretty confident that we can do it. I mean, we're -- price are offsetting commodities, but we got SG&A productivity for the quarter and we’ll get SG&A productivity for the year. We are offsetting freight and distribution productivity and then we still have the $7 million of factory productivity we are getting in North America. So, we still feel pretty good as long as we get the volume on the 30% incrementals that we talk about.
Jeff Sprague: Alright! And just one point of clarification is the freight of two to three in addition to the commodities of nine that you felt in the quarter or conclusive.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Jeff Sprague: Great, thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Robert! How are you?
Robert Barry: Good, thanks. Thanks for the more detailed color this quarter on the price versus the mix breakout. I appreciate that, but I did actually have a question on a couple of those metrics. That 2% of pricing in resi kind of expressed as a growth rate, how would you expect that to track as the year progresses?
Todd Bluedorn: I think in resi it will be relatively consistent and I think on the commercial refrigeration we will see it uptick a little bit. Now, I think there will be some lapping maybe in fourth quarter because we took sort of some preliminary actions going into the year as this commodity spiked up second half of the year. So, I think maybe I am answering questions real-time. I think maybe a 2% tales it down for resi a little bit second half of the year or commercial and refrigeration tales starts to climb, as we are able to get national account for some of our larger customers with pricing.
Robert Barry: Yeah. I mean maybe there is some rounding there but it does look like you are off to a pretty solid start on that front?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I mean state the obvious if we do the math of that if we do one and a half or a year on 3.9 billion of sales or whatever you sort of happen your model we are going to do better than what we've said, but that would be good.
Robert Barry: Yes. And that mixed components of the guide that five is that just resi?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean; yes primarily resi, the guy that gives specifically resi.
Robert Barry: Yes, I mean similar question 1% in the quarter is almost five, just in this quarter. I mean is that just conservatism or do you see some offsets there as we go?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s conservatism. I mean, it’s quite frankly just not, but let me give a more thoughtfully answer. A part of that mixed in the quarter was add-on replacement outgrowing RNC for the quarter; Residential New Construction. That happens on a four year basis. We'll probably do better on mix than what we guided. If RNC sort of kicks back in, it’s growing in double digits and add-on replacements more like high single digits then we had negative mix the other way that we have to offset. I think that’s sort of the math of it.
Robert Barry: Got it. Fair enough.
Todd Bluedorn: In our models we still think residential new construction on a full-year basis will grow faster.
Robert Barry: Got it. What was the kind of net bottom line on how weather impacted resi growth in the quarter? Do you think?
Todd Bluedorn: The degree heating [ph] days were up year-over-year, so I mean it was colder in first quarter than it was a year ago. So, I think that net-net helped. It helped early and it helped sort of on spare parts and supplies, but as we said before when it’s been warm in first quarter, the weather in first quarter is near as impactful as it is in second and third quarter. So, may be a percent or two of revenue.
Robert Barry: Got it. Just one quick last one for me. In your cash flow guide of 395, do you contemplate any material kind of working capital, headwind or tailwind in that number?
Todd Bluedorn: The tailwind we incorporated was last year – recall at the end of the year we had a disappointing end of the year on cash flow and we pointed it payables until lesser degree receivables is the reason and we said that would flow into 2018 and so we added about 30 million to our initial cash flow guide to reflect that working capital tailwind. And then, there is sort of nothing other than sort of normal working capital performance expected other than that.
Robert Barry: Got it! And that normal would be just some modest incremental just lead given – right, yeah got it.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. So the core working capital metrics for good or for bad when cost of capital, this is slow will spend working capital to drive revenue.
Robert Barry: Great, thanks. Thank you. Next, we will go to Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey, thanks. Good morning and thanks for fitting in.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah.
Ryan Merkel: So, first questions just back on residential new construction. Why was it slower in the quarter and it sounds like you think it'll still be strong for the year, but just what did you hear and why do you think its going to pick up?
Todd Bluedorn: I think is mainly weather-driven. The flip side of it being colder this year rather than last year as jobsites don't get started in and projects don't – or houses don't get finished, and so I just think it's the reverse of the weather. I don't believe so far when we talk to our builders and I think continue when we talked to our builders, big builders they remain confident, they're not intimidated by the interest rates, they are sort of more constrained by making sure they have the property and the trades and we still think it's going to be up a year?
Ryan Merkel: That makes sense. That's helpful. And then just the follow-up on the commercial margins, it sounds like you think the national account mix is going to improve going forward and that's going to be the big drive of why we should see margins starting to improve year-over-year, but is it also secondary that you should gain a little more price as the year goes on, I think you said that, so price costs actually start to improve a little bit as well?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, exactly.
Ryan Merkel: Very good. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, everyone. 
Todd Bluedorn: Robert, how are you?
Robert McCarthy: Good. Three quick questions and I'll try to keep it on point, because so you don't go from snarky to snide with me. But in any event, because I know that it's a slippery slope with me in particular. So in any event, number one, could we just talk about maybe the hurricane impact in terms of anecdotal what you could see in terms of rebuild activity? And then maybe just the second part of that question is just level set us for the compare and the disruption in the third quarter as we kind of address our models as we're making concern the turn here?
Todd Bluedorn: When you talk to the team in Houston or to the team in Florida what they'll tell you is we saw a spike in spare parts right after each of those events. And we saw it for a quarter. And then I think the variable that's unaccounted for that we just have to see how it plays out is, those are places that it's hot year-round, so they had to repair their units. And the question is will they replace them when we get into the summer selling season if there's another issue on the unit. So, I think it's still yet to be seen and -- but I think quite frankly it's on the round. And then I'll have to double check Robert what we said last yet. I don't think we complained. We had a weaker third quarter. We were down low single digits. And we were the part of the impact of that were the hurricanes, but as I recall from memory it was much more about the weather in third quarter than it was then. Joe, I don't think we blamed it when it happened and then I don't think we were as bullish as others have been about how it's going to bounce back. I think it's on the round both times.
Robert McCarthy: Moving around this national accounts, definitely strong growth, obviously a bit of a shoulder quarter, but could you talk maybe a little bit about – it was there any compare benefit or as you're kind of weathering kind of the retail Armageddon, may be in terms of trends overall, how should we think about national account growth playing out for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it continues to be a good story for us. And again we've – as you know, Robert, we've made explicit efforts to diversify away from retail. And increasingly our mix of business is less retail and when you look at new accounts we won in the over last two or three years, a higher percentage of them are non-retail than retail, and so we're working our way around. And then the other point as you've heard me talk about is some of our customers are figuring how to compete and have a business model that works whether its Home Depot, whether it's Lowe's whether it's Best Buy and to continue to compete against Amazon. And so, those going to continue to be brick-and-mortar and a lot of those have roof tops that we put on place during the last big bubble of new construction and retail which mirrored housing construction a decade ago. Those units are now aging and have to be replaced our business model is not replacement model two thirds rather than a new construction model which used to be two-thirds of our business.
Robert McCarthy: Final question is just PartsPlus, any update there, the trajectory of store ads and any trends positive or negative in terms of deployment and traction?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We our -- focus as you know in 2018 was to not open the same 25 to 30 stores you've opened the last few years that have to be more like five or six, I forget the exact number. We opened one in first quarter, but we increasingly we're talking about the need to drive parts and supplies as a mix of the sales and we had a nice, again, weather helped us because it was cold, but we had a nice growth in parts and supplies. We outgrew our total revenue growth in resi, parts and supplies grew double digits rather than the high single digits overall. So parts and supplies had a nice quarter. One quarter doesn't make a trend, but sort of our increased focus appears to get bang off and we look forward to good year in parts and supplies.
Robert McCarthy: Perfect. Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Chris Belfiore with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Belfiore: Good morning.
Joe Reitmeier: Hey, Chris.
Chris Belfiore: So, in terms of residential replacement picked up sequentially, again pretty tough comp from last year. But do you think that you guys are seeing any pre-buy ahead of like price increased being fully baked in? And with regard to that have you seen channel inventory levels? Are they normal or higher than last year?
Todd Bluedorn: No. The price increases were effective at the end of the year and so if we put anything we will put it in the fourth quarter last year. The other is and I know you know Chris, but I'll mention it for others. I mean its tough to do the year-over-year against the hard comp point because last year we were up significantly because we had more days in first quarter, the number of days versus last year, this year difference of one, so its on the round where last year was up by four or five days from the prior year. So it's hard to look at the percentages year-over-year and say those up on a tough comp. But the answer, I think what you're trying to probe is, we think was real demand, underlying homeowner confidence to replace units when they break demand and that foreshadows even with the weather being cool right now, confidence as we go in the second quarter both for us and for our contract.
Chris Belfiore: Right, great. Thank you. And then just on the – you called out factory absorption [ph] negatively affecting profitability for the quarter? Was that only in refrigeration? And how should we expect that kind of continue -- go through the year or is just kind of largely behind them at this point?
Todd Bluedorn: Its only refrigeration and we think it's largely behind us. Again we sort of communicated that we think we can build, while the margins on refrigeration were down to 100 basis points for the quarter, we're still confident that we're going to have margins up full year 50 to 100 basis points and we look to grow margins for second quarter.
Chris Belfiore: Okay. And then just one last kind of on the commercial side in terms of mix, I think last quarter you guys talked about the mix improving there and trying to potentially gain some more share on the emergency replacement side of things, with your product there? So just any color there in terms what you're seeing or any trends there?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, we continue to focus on growing not only our national accounts business but our local and regional business. And as I spoke about we had a pretty good first quarter in our regional national account business which actually grew quicker than our national accounts business, so they sort of focus on regional and locals working out and we're focused on growing it.
Chris Belfiore: Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi, everyone. Just a couple ones on that local regional piece, is that better margin than national account?
Todd Bluedorn: National accounts is actually better margin, believe it or not and so that is why we felt margin pressure, in part we had mix down in the quarter from that part of the business growing faster than national accounts. And again, you know this Rich but for the broader audience its counterintuitive when you think about who our customers are on national accounts, but it's also our most expensive, most premium energy-efficient product who we sell them or the product we sell to them.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then on mix for resi, so a point benefit in the first quarter, my recollection was last year you face stronger growth on the construction side, so you're confident against replacement, its little bit weaker, so should we expect this mix of say, 100 bps, does that going to continue next couple of three quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, Steve asked the question or someone asked the question earlier and I said popped all the way around that I – the short answer is if -- we are mixing up and always sort of mix up and add on an replacement and so that's been the trend for the last two or three years. We expect that to be the trend this year. The variable that's offset it over the last couple of years is residential new constructions grown faster than add-on replacement has both as a market and our sale. And so if the rest of the year looks like first quarter which is our add-on replacement business grows faster than residential new construction we're going to have nice mix tailwind. We don't think that's going to be the case in our internal models. We think residential new construction was impacted by cooler weather in the quarter and for the balance of the year the market will probably outpace add-on and replacement.
Rich Kwas: Okay. So that's potential upside once all is said and done?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. I mean, its potential upside on mix but maybe less volume, we like both of them to be up strong.
Rich Kwas: Right, of course. And then SG&A, should we think about half of sales growth?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Although we're off to a good start, but yes, that's how we model it.
Rich Kwas: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: With no further questions, I'll turn it back to the company for closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Great. Thanks again everyone for joining us to wrap up. First quarter was a record start to the year. We entered our largest seasonal period. We continue to expect strong growth, profitability and cash generation for another record year in 2018. Again, thanks everyone for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-06 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Lennox International, Inc. Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc. Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.
Analysts: Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co. Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Christopher Belfiore - UBS Securities LLC Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve L. Harrison - Lennox International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2017. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior-year period unless otherwise noted. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Let me start with a quick review of 2017 overall and then discuss some fourth quarter highlights and thoughts on 2018. Lennox International posted another record year in 2017 as the company set new highs for revenue, operating margin and profit. Revenue was up 5% for the year to a record $3.84 billion. GAAP operating income rose 15% to a record $495 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 13% to a record $7.17. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 10% to a record $515 million and total segment margin expanded 50 basis points to a new high of 13.4%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 14% to a record $7.92. Our Residential business led the company's performance in 2017 as it set new highs for revenue, segment margin and profit. Commercial hit new highs for revenue and margin. And Refrigeration continued to show improvement with segment margin and profit up for the second consecutive year. Residential revenue and profit were up 7% for the full year and segment margins ticked up 10 basis points to 17.5%. Revenue from replacement business was up mid single-digits and new construction was up mid-teens for the year. Replacement business was affected by unfavorable weather over much of the year, including the severe weather from the hurricanes that hit Texas and Florida. Residential margins were affected by the unfavorable mix from new construction growing faster than replacement and by the significant investments we made for the future growth and profitability of the business. Investments range from new products to distribution expansion to leading information technology for dealers, technicians and homeowners. Investments returned to more normalized levels in 2018. In Commercial, revenue was up 5% at constant currency for the year and profit rose 5%. Segment margin was 16.2%, off 10 basis points. As in Residential, we made investments for the future growth and profitability of the business and had unfavorable mix from certain large national account shipments mid-year. In North America, Commercial equipment revenue was up high single-digits for 2017. Replacement revenue was up mid-teens and the new construction revenue was down mid single-digits for the year. Looking at the business another way, national account equipment revenue was up low double-digits. The company had a record year in winning new national account business with 42 new customers across many vertical markets. On the service side, Lennox National Account Service revenue was up low double-digits as well. Equipment from regional and local business was up mid single-digits. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was down low single-digits. In Refrigeration, for the year, overall, revenue down 1% at constant currency. Segment profit was up 5%. Margin expanded 50 basis points to 10%, on target with our plans going into the year. Looking at revenue by region at constant currency, North America was down low single-digits, as was South America. Europe was down mid single-digits, Asia-Pacific was up low single-digits. Now turning to fourth quarter. As we've talked about over the course of the year, the fourth quarter had 6% fewer days this year than last year, which impacts revenue as reported as well as the drop-through that we get on earnings. With that in mind, company revenue was down 2% at constant currency in the fourth quarter. GAAP operating income was up 53% compared to the prior-year quarter that had a charge for a one-time, lump-sum pension buyout program to certain vested participants. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 9%. On an adjusted basis, the company set new fourth quarter highs for total segment profit and margin as well as for EPS. Total segment profit increased 1% and total segment profit margin expanded 20 basis points to 11.9%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 12% to $1.68. In Residential, for the quarter, revenue was relatively flat, a fourth quarter record levels. Segment profit was down 7% and margin declined 120 basis points to 16.0% on lower factory absorption than a year ago, the timing of other product costs and unfavorable mix, with replacement business down slightly and new construction up mid single-digits. Residential is off to a nice start in the first quarter and we expect Residential margin expansion in the first quarter and full year 2018. Turning to Commercial, in the fourth quarter, revenue, margin and profit established new fourth quarter highs. Revenue was up 1% at constant currency and segment profit rose 12% as margin expanded 150 basis points to 17.4%. In North America, Commercial equipment revenue was up low single-digits for the quarter. Replacement revenue was up low double-digits and new construction revenue was down low double-digits. National account equipment revenue was flat in the quarter. On the service side, Lennox National Account Service revenue was up mid-teens. Equipment revenue from regional and local businesses was up mid single-digits. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was down low double-digits at constant currency. In Refrigeration, revenue is down 9% at constant currency in the fourth quarter. And a quick reminder, that's on the 6% fewer days in the quarter that we talked about at the beginning of the call. From a regional perspective at constant currency, North America was down low double-digits, Europe and Asia-Pacific were down mid-single-digits and South America was down low single-digits. Refrigeration segment profit rose 8% as margin expanded 140 basis points to 10.2%. Looking ahead for the company overall in 2018, we are reiterating our guidance for revenue growth of 3% to 7%. With a net benefit from U.S. tax legislation, we are raising our guidance for EPS from continuing operations by $1.10 to a new range of $9.75 to $10.35 for the full year. With free cash flow of $227 million in 2017, we missed our guidance for free cash flow of $285 million due to working capital timing. This resulted primarily from a combination of sales taking place late in the quarter and from paying vendors early than previously planned for material and transportation services. This working capital timing impacted us in 2017, but we expect it to benefit free cash flow by about $30 million in 2018. Combined with the $35 million cash benefit from the new lower tax rate of 22% to 24%, we are raising our guidance for free cash flow in 2018 from approximately $330 million to $395 million. In addition, in the first quarter, we expect to repatriate $40 million of cash on a tax-free basis. We will continue to invest in the business to drive growth and profitability, grow the dividend with earnings over time and repurchase stock. For 2018, we are increasing our stock repurchase plans from $300 million to $350 million for the full year. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and the full year starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was a fourth quarter record, $477 million, relatively flat. Volume was flat and price and mix combined was flat, with price up 1% and mix down 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was $76 million, down 7%. Segment margin was 16%, down 120 basis points, and segment profit was impacted by lower factory absorption than a year ago, unfavorable mix, higher commodity costs, the timing of other product costs and distribution investments. Partial offsets included higher price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, lower SG&A and favorable foreign exchange. For the full year, Residential segment revenue was a record $2.14 billion, up 7%. Volume was up 7%, price and mix combined was flat, with price up about 1% and mix down. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a record $374 million, up 7%. Segment margin was a record 17.5%, up 10 basis points. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business, Commercial revenue was a fourth quarter record, $250 million, up 3%. Volume was flat and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange had a positive 2% impact on revenue. North America Commercial HVAC equipment revenue was up low single-digits, National Account Services revenue was up mid-teens. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down low single-digits. Commercial segment profit was a fourth quarter record, $44 million, up 12%. Segment margin was a fourth quarter record, 17.4%, up 150 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, higher price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, lower other product costs and lower SG&A. Partial offsets include higher commodity costs and warranty expense. For the full year, Commercial revenue was a record $974 million, up 6%. Volume was up 5% and price and mix combined was flat, with price up and mix down. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. Segment profit was a record $157 million, up 5%. Segment margin was 16.2%, down 10 basis points. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the fourth quarter was $165 million, down 7%. Volume was down 10% and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange had a positive 2% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, North America was down low double-digits, Europe was up low single-digits and South America and Asia-Pacific were both down low single-digits. Refrigeration segment profit was $17 million, up 8%. Segment margin was 10.2%, up 140 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by favorable mix, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, lower other product costs and lower SG&A. Partial offsets included lower volume and factory absorption and higher commodity costs. For the full year, Refrigeration revenue was $725 million, up slightly. Volume was down 1%, price and mix combined was flat, and foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact. Segment profit was $73 million, up 5%. Segment profit margin was 10%, up 50 basis points. Now regarding special items in the fourth quarter. The company had net after-tax charges of $27.9 million. This included $40.2 million related to the U.S. tax legislation and the associated write-down of deferred tax assets and $1.7 million for various other items net. As a partial offset, the company had a benefit of $14 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. For the full year, the company had net after-tax special charges totaling $30.8 million. Beyond the $40.2 million related to the U.S. tax legislation and the associated write-down of deferred tax assets, the company had $3.5 million for special product quality adjustments, $3.3 million for special legal contingency charges and a total of $7.4 million for various other items. As a partial offset, the company had a benefit of $23.6 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. Corporate expenses were $31 million dollars in the fourth quarter and $89 million for the full year. Overall, SG&A was $158 million for the fourth quarter, or 17.7% of revenue, down from 18.4% in the prior-year quarter. For 2017, overall SG&A was $638 million, or 16.6% of revenue, down from 17.1% in the prior year. For 2017, the company had cash from operations of $325 million compared to $374 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures were $98 million for the full year, up from $84 million in 2016. Free cash flow was $227 million for 2017 compared to $290 million in the prior year. In 2017, the company paid approximately $80 million in dividends and repurchased $250 million of company stock. Total debt was $1 billion at the end of the fourth quarter, and we ended the year with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.7. Cash and cash equivalents were $68 million at the end of the year. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2018. Our underlying market assumptions for 2018 are unchanged. For the industry overall, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid single-digits. We expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single-digits, and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low single-digits. Based on the underlying market environment and our targets for market share gains, revenue growth guidance for Lennox International remains 3% to 7% for 2018, with a minimal impact from foreign exchange. We are raising our guidance for EPS from continuing operations for the full year from a range of $8.65 to $9.25 to a new range of $9.75 to $10.35. This $1.10 increase to the range reflects our new lower effective tax rate from U.S. tax legislation. For 2018, we are lowering our effective tax rate guidance from 31% to 32% to a range of 22% to 24%. The timing of when we are required to recognize certain tax benefits will vary quarter-to-quarter and, currently, we expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 21% in the first quarter. As Todd mentioned, between the additional cash from the lower tax rate and working capital timing benefiting 2018, we are raising our guidance for free cash flow from approximately $330 million to $395 million for the full year. As Todd also mentioned, in the first quarter, we plan to repatriate $40 million on a tax-free basis. Let me now run through the other key points from our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2018. We continue to expect $40 million of headwind from commodities in 2018 and are planning on $40 million of price increases for the year. We continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We expect $7 million in savings from our Residential factories, as we focus on automation at our U.S. plants and other productivity initiatives. We expect a $5 million benefit from foreign exchange, and investments and distribution will be a $10 million headwind this year, and SG&A growth will be another $10 million headwind. A few other guidance points. Corporate expenses are targeted at $85 million this year and net interest expense is expected to be approximately $32 million for the full year. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 41 million to 42 million shares, which includes our plans to repurchase $350 million of stock this year, up from our prior guidance of $300 million. Capital expenditures are still expected to be approximately $100 million for the year. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: First we'll go to line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: A few questions. First, just in terms of what you're seeing or when you expect to see any catch up from the hurricane-impacted regions in terms of demand? Any sort of color on that?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: There's just so many moving pieces, Gautam. To be honest with you, at least right now, I mean, between the current weather and the hurricane impact, I mean, I think it's probably bleeding through a little bit, and we'll see some in first quarter and a little bit in fourth quarter. What we did see was we're off to a real strong start in the year in Residential. While January is the least important month in first quarter, we're off to a strong start both on revenue and on margins. And so, some of that may be from the hurricane, but I think more of it's impacted by the really cold weather we got in many parts of the country end of December. So, to honestly answer your question, it's really hard to pull out what's driven by the hurricanes.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Understood. You mentioned the $40 million of pricing that you anticipate getting to offset the commodity inflation. Just can you comment generally maybe by region and end market, what you're seeing in terms of price discipline in the industry?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Yeah, I mean, so far, so good. But as I always say when we – and we're confident we're going to get it. Everyone – all our competitors have the same P&L that we have and are feeling the same pressures. So we're confident we're going to get it. But, I mean, the real acid test is when you get into April, May, June, when you get into the summer selling season, that's where you really get to see what sticks. So far, everything is sticking just as we expected it to.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And last one. Just can you remind us, because obviously 2017 had some unusual quarters in terms of working days in Q4 and the like, so do we have a much easier comp obviously in Q4 this year because we normalized back to the normal number of working days in each quarter, looks more like 2016 than it does 2017.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Yeah, exactly right. We won't have any anomalies in 2018, like we did in 2017 with the number of days, they're consistent with what they were in 2017.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Which is different though than what he just said.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: It's not going to bounce back the other way.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: No, it's not going to bounce back. Correct.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Next we'll go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Steve.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: You had mentioned I think the $10 million of investments, but not called out previously the SG&A, as far as I recall. Do we just look at that increase as being offset by this factory savings? I don't recall you guys calling that either, but a lot of numbers moving around. So, maybe just detail what's changed within those items?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Nothing's changed in our guide in 2018 other than the tax. So, all the other guide points were to be the same. And you're right, in past years we haven't called out SG&A headwind of $10 million. But as you may recall, in December, when we were making the point that we're going to slow the growth of SG&A. In prior years that number was more like $30 million, $40 million, $50 million year-over-year increase. And so, the $10 million, while it's technically an increase – not technically, it is an increase, is really meant to show and demonstrate that the increase year-over-year is much less than it's been in prior years. But none of the guide points have changed other than the taxes.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: And as far as your guidance for commodity headwinds, are those year-end prices? You feel pretty confident that you have visibility on the cost base for the rest of the year when you also include some of the components that are going in, like compressors and motors and things like that.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Well, I'll break it out. The raw commodities, the $40 million headwind is just raw copper, steel and aluminum, so it doesn't count derivate effects on motors and compressors. The derivate effects there are captured in the $35 million of benefit from sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions. And the $35 million is a net number and so that incorporates all our expectations on contractual price increases we have to take because of commodity increases. And then on the $40 million of headwind from commodities, it's our best guess. And, as you know, but I'll say it for others, Steve, we're hedged approximately 50%, 55% on aluminum and copper this time of year for the balance of the year and then we make some calls on what we think the future spot prices are going to be when we get later in the year. And we were I think appropriately conservative on those. And so, as copper and aluminum have sort of gone up, not so much the last week, but from December to end of January, we sort of anticipated some of that, and it's all baked into the $40 million.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. And then one last question. What is your kind of implied price capture for Resi for the year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: It's sort of similar in the other businesses. So, it's $40 million on a $4 billion revenue company's order of (25:12) magnitude 1%, a little bit more.
Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan: Got it. Thanks for your help with the math. Thanks a lot.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, guys,.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: On Commercial, can you just talk about how you're thinking about mix in 2018 and how that flows through? And then, also, it seems like, as we go to the trade shows that more and more people are kind of coming into this emergency replacement market with a curve that fits the big player, more investment than inventory, just how do you think price shakes out in emergency replacement and your ability to continue to gain share there? Thanks.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Our expectation on mix is that we'll continue to mix up with our high efficiency product, like we always do. But also, the regulatory change we think will help us. As you know, the minimum efficiency in Commercial changed Jan 1. And we think with the design of our product, we meet the new minimum efficiency requirements we think at a very good cost point. And so, we think we can sort of pass on the cost increases, plus get a little bit more margin and so we think that's positive mix. In terms of emergency replacement, we still think we're very well-positioned. We think our PartsPlus stores, the fact that we own our own distribution, allows us to grow it. Also, when we talked about Commercial at the Analyst Day in December, we sort of broadened the definition of how we're thinking about it. There's national accounts and then there's the local regional contractor business the emergency replacement is an important part of. But there's other parts of that business, plan and spec, for example, with local contractors, and we're making significant investments to grow there also. So, we think we've gained share in our Commercial business the last five or six years and we think that continues.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And maybe just speak to mix in Residential, new versus replacement, and what you're seeing in this kind of more favorable macro economy on customers mixing up? Thanks.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: We saw in all of 2017 within add-on replacement a mix up in the business, as people were buying more premium product. The new construction business still tends to be primarily entry-level or one tick above entry-level, and we haven't seen much shift there. And then, obviously, in 2017, new construction grew, I'm going from memory, mid-teens. Add-on replacement was more like mid to high single-digits. And so, we sort of had a mix down from that effect. And as we go – the models we built for 2018 has add-on replacements and new construction more aligned with our growth rates, and we'll just have to see what 2018 brings.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thanks, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Ryan.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: So, I want to start with Commercial. The margin expansion in the quarter really stood out. Was there one or two big drivers? And then, how much is really sustainable?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: There's a lumpiness in Commercial that you have from quarter-to-quarter, and there was quarters in 2017 our margins were down and we said, don't worry, and in 2018, they spike up. We had a really nice quarter in fourth quarter with our national accounts business, which, depending on the customer, on average, is more profitable than our other segments of that business. We also had a nice quarter in our service business, which is also very profitable for us. And so, I think to the question of, is margin improvements in Commercial sustainable, absolutely. I mean, our three-year target for 2020 is to get it up to 17% to 19%. We ended the year at a little bit over 16%. So, margins are going to continue to expand in that business.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Got it. And then sticking with Commercial. You already talked about the new efficiency standards and there's a price cost benefit potentially there. But what about the change in the tax law, now 100% depreciation in year one, it seems to me that could be a pretty big driver, but maybe just help us there.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Our guys, our team talking to customers are a little bit more lukewarm on the opportunity. I mean, obviously, it's a cash flow timing rather than absolute cash flow difference. And so, it changes the models a little bit, but not in a material way, when they sort of lay in all the other costs and you sort of do the NPV of what the right trade-off is of when you replace the unit. And obviously, be the national accounts making a decision of, should they replace their equipment earlier? The more local business and certainly emergency replacement is just when the unit breaks and they have no choice anyhow.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just lastly on Residential margins down 120 basis points year-over-year, can you just break down how much of that was absorption versus the timing of cost versus unfavorable mix?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think it was – I don't think, I know, it was more driven by the lower factory absorption and the timing of some product costs, and the timing of product costs is over the year, they're always true-up of expense accruals. And in 2017, we had some more weighted to Q4 than in prior years. But order of magnitude, if I had to broadly model it, I would say a third and a third and a third, but it's more skewed to the first two than to mix.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Good. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Hey guys, good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Tim.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co.: I guess, just on that last point on factory absorption, was that mostly due to the demand coming in later in the quarter and just a little less production in the quarter or does it have anything to do with the days?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think it's primarily the days.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Okay. And then just in terms of the cadence of price cost, just so we can kind of level set ourselves for the year, how do you expect price cost to kind of hit the P&L in 2018?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think we'll lag maybe early in the year, but come the summer selling season, we should be completely caught up and ready to go.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Great.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: And the lag has to do more with national builders and national accounts and just sort of getting things in place. But given that we started last year to put national account pricing in place, we're pretty confident that come mid-year we'll be cranking.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then the same thing onto buybacks, how do we think about the cadence there?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I'll talk, but short answer is I'm not going to directly answer your question. We'll tell you the what, but the how and the when, we keep a little bit of flexibility. So if I was going to model it, I would just lay it in pro rata during the year, but if the world continues to burn, we may accelerate it.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Sounds good. Good luck on 2018.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good day, everyone.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Jeff.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Hey, just a couple loose ends from me. First just on Commercial unitary, Todd, you remarked that everybody's got the same cost structure, but we have heard some chatter that people are being a little bit more competitive on price movement per share and the like. Are you seeing that in your business and can you draw a distinction between price cost and Commercial relative to Resi?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No. I mean, not in a meaningful way. I mean, there's my cliché line is, on the edges of the empire, there's always skirmishes. And if you talk to our sales guys, they always pitch about people lowering price, but nothing different than it's been for a long time. So I don't see it. I mean, I assume you're talking about Carrier, but we haven't seen Carrier sort of lead with price.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Just on the – maybe for Joe, just on the repatriation. Why is this tax free? Are you using some credits or something else going on there?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Yeah. We continue to look at ways that we can in a tax-efficient way return cash and we've restructured some of our legal entities that's enabled us to free up some tax credits and enabled us to bring it back tax-free.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: I was also just wondering thinking about maybe a normalized free cash flow now in this tax reform world that we're in. I guess, if we adjust for the working capital timing, your conversion's a little bit below 90% on your guidance. Is that kind of how you see the company tracking now on a normalized basis roughly 90% conversion?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think it might be closer to 100% depending on the horizons you want to use. I think right now we're spending capital dollars and making investments in the business. I think if I was looking at a five-year model, I might use closer to 100% of net income. If I was using a two or three-year model, I might use closer to 90%.
Jeffrey Todd Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Go ahead.
Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hi. This is Jake Lacks on for Rob. Thanks for taking my question.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: You're welcome.
Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: You mentioned mid-teens growth in new construction in Resi in 2017.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Yes.
Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Would you say that reflects significant share gain? And thinking year-over-year, how's the pricing on the new construction business?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I'd like to think maybe some of it's share gain, but I just think it reflects a robust new construction market. So maybe on the margin, it's a little bit of share gain, but I think this reflects our position with national builders. Pricing pressure, sort of normal. I mean, there's always people trying to nip at our heels for this business, but we have strong relationships with the big builders. And maybe even beyond strong relationships is our North America-wide company-owned distribution footprint allows us to provide the same level of service and quality and relationships for national builders everywhere and they value that and our ability to deliver to them.
Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then on non-Res. What's the latest outlook there for the U.S. and do you think any of the weather at the start of January may have slowed anything down in 1Q?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Our call for new construction or better said, our call for Commercial unitary North America is to be up low single-digits and the weather in January may have slowed it down a hair, but we're still pretty confident on – that's our view of the market.
Jake Lacks - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Great. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Next we'll go to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hi, Rich.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: How are you doing? Todd, so just back on commodities. So, steel, I assume you've got some inflation factored in here. I know you don't have as much visibility there. So how should we think about that in terms of cold-rolled, hot-rolled path going higher here and impact on guidance? What should we look for here (36:43)?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I mean, the variable you don't know that I won't give is what we baked into the $40 million for pricing second half of the year, right, because that's an unknown. And so we have to take future curves and do our best estimate on what second half of the year is going to be. And so, sort of any given day's movement, it's hard to reconcile with what we have baked into our number. What I would tell you now is right now where we sit, we think $40 million is sort of the right number and I think this is long and short of it.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. And then Q1, last year's Commercial was really strong. I think that partly was due to favorable weather, it being warmer last year and a lot of construction projects getting done. Is that something we should think about as we think of modeling volume within Commercial for first quarter here?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think you can maybe put a little bit of that in, but we're off to a nice start in January and, again, March is 40% to 45% of the quarter, but we're off to a nice start and the warm weather helped some new starts. But, again, a big part of it is planned replacement and sort of the timing of when we're going to have it come.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on Refrigeration, should we expect a decision by the time you report Q1?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: You know how these things go, Rich. So they go as they go. We're still looking at it. We're still sorting out exactly what we're going to do. And when we have something to say, we'll say it. And if it's Q1 call, we'll do it then. If it's not, we'll do it when we're ready to talk about it.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Last quick one. Joe...
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I felt like Belichick (38:26) with that answer.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That was a good job.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Was that good?
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. I see you've been watching enough press conferences. You got I think in fewer words – I think you probably did it in fewer words.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I'd just say it was my decision and I made it.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Joe, real quick on tax rate, 22% to 24%. Is that good beyond 2018?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Yeah, I would use that long term at this point. And when that changes, we'll give you more insight. We're still navigating and going through and sifting through some of the complexities of the new legislation. So we'll certainly keep you informed on that.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And we'll go to Chris Belfiore with UBS. Please go ahead.
Christopher Belfiore - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hi.
Christopher Belfiore - UBS Securities LLC: So just kind of piggyback off that one, given the significant impact going on a longer-term basis, where do you guys see the cash flow being allocated? More store openings, internal investment, buyback, M&A, dividends, stuff like that? Are you guys thinking about that at all right now?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Short answer is yes, but the longer answer is the mantra that we've talked about this I think continues to be the answer regardless of the dollar value of free cash flow that we have that we'll invest in the business and positive NPV projects that we think can grow the business, that's always first and foremost. And parenthetically when debt has been 2.5%, 3%, we're investing in every project that we can find. Second, if there's some M&A that comes available that we think makes sense and is core to our business, we'll do it, and we'll have dividends grow with earnings over time and obviously with the tax reform, our earnings spiked up and so that implies that dividends will sort of grow a little bit faster. And then what's left we'll give back to shareholders with stock buyback.
Christopher Belfiore - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And then just on Refrigeration. With regard to the strong margin performance in the quarter, can you just provide a little bit more color in terms of the bucket there in terms of productivity mix and any other item and how sustainable that is going forward, understanding that in 3Q you guys had productivity issues that seem to be kind of getting better or resolved in the quarter?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think the productivity issues are behind us. I think a driver of the profitability in fourth quarter was just the mix of the business. Some of our North America, what we call, our HRP business had a nice quarter vis-à-vis the other businesses and so there was a mix to that business line and then also what we're doing in factory productivity, to your point, sort of fixing some of the problems we had in our factories both in U.S. and Europe.
Christopher Belfiore - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. I'll ask a Refrigeration question, too. I wonder if you can talk about just the order visibility here early in the year and maybe what you're expecting from the mix, c-store versus grocery store, cold storage, are we back-half-loaded for the year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: We think grocery, which has had some headwinds the last couple years, we think those headwinds probably continue in 2018. Cold storage and convenience where we've seen growth we think that continues in 2018 and just like the other two segments, we're off to a nice start of the year, but it's early.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. And any kind of tax reform and any kind of accelerated depreciation, I guess, that's not something that you'd see helping 2018 for Refrigeration?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think on the margins, but, again, the way I simplistically think about it, for right or for wrong, is people have – our customers have detailed economic models that they're working through and there's lots of inputs. And the time, value of money of when the cash from the taxes get baked in on the depreciation side helps the model, but it doesn't tilt it. And so I'd still think they're thinking roughly about the same paybacks and the timing of the investments.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. Got it. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And with no further questions, I'll turn it back to the presenters for any closing comments.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, operator. To wrap up, 2017 was a record year for Lennox, with new highs for revenue, margin and profit. The first quarter is off to a nice start and the company's momentum continues in 2018 as we focus on another record year with strong growth and margin expansion. I want to thank everyone for joining us today on such a busy, busy day. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-23 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman & CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO
Analysts: Tim Wojs - Baird Gautam Khanna - Cohen & Company Jeff Hammon - KeyBanc Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Robert Barry - Susquehanna Ryan Merkel - William Blair Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Robert McCarthy - Stifel Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Josh Pokrzywinski - Wolf Research Steve Tusa - JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox international’s financial performance for the third quarter of 2017. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn, and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and requeue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year period, unless otherwise noted. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. The webcast will be archived on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our annual investment community meeting. The event will be held the morning of Wednesday, December 13, in New York City. Please mark your calendars. Invitations and more details will follow. The meeting will also be webcast. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Lennox International posted a record third quarter for revenue, total segment profit and EPS but it also a quarter where growth and margin performance were materially impacted by significantly cooler weather than a year ago by the hurricanes that hit Texas and Florida. Nationally, cooling degree days were down every month in the quarter, including more than 20% in both August and September. Overall, for the third quarter, cooling degree days were down 16% from the prior year and the key swing regions of the upper Midwest and northeast were down more than 30%. The hurricanes caused near-term market disruption in the two largest HVAC markets in North America with not much business taking place for a couple of weeks or so in the regions that were hit. These dynamics most directly impacted our Residential replacement, Commercial emergency replacement and refrigeration wholesale businesses to weigh down our growth and margin performance for the quarter. Overall for the company, revenue was a third quarter record 1.05 billion, up 3% at constant currency. On a GAAP basis, operating income was down 1% to 155 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 5% to a third quarter record $2.45. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 2% to the third quarter record of 161 million. Total segment margin was 15.3%, up 30 basis points from the record third quarter level a year ago. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 9% to a third quarter record $2.53. Turning to the key points on our business segments for the third quarter. In Residential, revenue and profit hit new third quarter highs. Revenue was up 3% on high single digit growth in new construction and low single digit growth in replacement business. Segment margin was 19.4%, up 30 basis points from the record third quarter level of a year ago. Residential profit rose 2%.  On the Operational front, we continued to invest in R&D and IT to support innovative new products in the future growth of the business, as well as investments to further expand our distribution footprint. We ended the quarter with a total of 230 Lennox Parts Plus starts, up 14 stores in the quarter. We continue to focus on both opening new stores and leveraging our existing investments by driving same-store sales growth.  In Manufacturing, we are on track to realize the $6 million of savings this year in our Mexico operation and we expect a similar level of incremental savings as we look ahead to 2018 from productivity initiatives in our U.S. operations.  Turning to our Commercial business, revenue and profit hit new high marks for any quarter. Commercial revenue was up 6% at constant currency. Segment margin was 18.6%, up 90 basis points from the record quarter a year ago. Commercial profit was up 2%. The commercial margin decline in the quarter was impacted by two factors. First, we had large orders from certain national account customers that were a lower product mix that shipped in the quarter. And the second factor was the year-over-year change in the timing of some expenses. Pricing commodities were balanced in the quarter. We continue to expect commercial segment margin be slightly up in the second half in total over the prior year period.  Looking at commercial revenue drivers in the third quarter at constant currency, North America equipment revenue was up high single digits, replacement revenue was up low double-digits. The plan replacement revenue up 20%, and emergency replacement approximately flat. New construction revenue was up mid single digits. Cutting the business another way, national account equipment revenue was up nearly 20% and new national account revenue was up low single digits.  Looking at new national account equipment business, Lennox won 11 new customers in the third quarter for a total of 37 year-to-date. New customers in the third quarter included healthcare, facilities, restaurants, retailers, and construction and real estate firms. On the national account service side of the business, revenue was up mid-teens in the second quarter. In Europe, commercial HVAC revenue was down low double-digits at constant currency.  In Refrigeration, revenue was up 2% at constant currency. From a regional perspective at constant currency, North America and Australia were flat, South America was up low single digits, Europe was up low double digits, and Asia was up more than 25%. Refrigeration margin was down 190 basis points to 10.4% and segment profit declined 13%. The margin decline was driven by a negative mix from the weather impacts on our North America business, which is our most profitable business. We also had productivity issues in several of our key factories. We are addressing this and are well on the way to having these behind us.  As you’ve seen in October 5 announcement, we have new leadership for our Refrigeration business in place, with Gary Bedard taking over as President and Chief Operating Officer. Many of you know Gary, who’s done an outstanding job over two decades at the company, including the last ten years as Vice President and General Manager of our highly successful Lennox residential business.  A few moving pieces in the third quarter, but Lennox is well positioned to close out the year of record revenue, margin and profit in 2017, and to drive strong growth and profitability over the coming year.  Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I’ll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with residential heating and cooling. Residential revenue was a third quarter record $591 million, up 3%. Volume was up 3%. Pricing mix combined was flat with price up 1% and mix down 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a third quarter record $115 million, up 2%. Segment margin was down 30 basis points to 19.4%. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, and foreign exchange. Offsets included higher commodity and other product costs, unfavorable mix, investments in research and development, information technology, and other SG&A, as well as investments in distribution expansion.  Now, turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business. Commercial revenue was a record $269 million, up 7%. Volume was up 5%. Price and mix combined was up 1%, with price up and mix flat. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact. Commercial segment profit was a record $50 million, up 2%. Segment profit margin was 18.6%, down 90 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price, sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions, lower SG&A expense, and favorable foreign exchange. Offsets included lower mix, higher commodity costs, higher freight and distribution expenses, and the timing of other expenses.  In Refrigeration, revenue in the third quarter was $192 million, up 3%. Volume was up 2%. And price and mix combined was flat. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, North America was flat. South America and Australia were both up mid single digits. Europe was up mid teens, and Asia was up more than 25%. Refrigeration segment profit was $20 million, down 13%. Segment margin was 10.4%, down 190 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by unfavorable mix, factory productivity, higher commodity costs, higher freight and distribution expenses, and investments in research and development, information technology, and other SG&A. Partial offsets include volume in sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions.  Overall for the company, on an adjusted basis, the third quarter excludes net after tax charges of $2.9 million, including 1.3 million of special legal contingency charges, $1.1 million of restructuring charges, $1 million for asbestos related litigation, and a total of $1 million for other items. Also excluded was a benefit of $1.5 million for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. Corporate expenses were down 13% in the third quarter to $24 million. Overall SG&A was $159 million in the third quarter, or 15.1% of sales, compared to 15.5% in the prior year quarter. Cash from operations in the third quarter was $177 million, up from $152 million in the third quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $17 million, compared to $18 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was $160 million, up from approximately $134 million in the third quarter last year. Total debt was $1.12 billion at the end of the quarter, and we ended September with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.0. Cash and cash equivalents $61 million at the end of the quarter.  Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2017 and provide a few thoughts on 2018. For the industry overall, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up at the lower end of the mid-single digit range. We expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits. And we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits. Based on this market environment, the company's performance year-to-date, and outlook for the fourth quarter, we are raising the low end of our revenue guidance from 4% to 7% with neutral foreign exchange, to a new range of 5% to 7%, with a half a point benefit from foreign exchange.  For GAAP EPS for continuing operations for the full year, we are updating our guidance from a range of $7.73 to $8.13 to a new range of $7.67 to $7.97. This incorporates the charges for special items taken this year and our latest guidance range for our adjusted EPS. We are updating guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $7.75 to $8.15 to a new range of $7.75 to $8.05.  Now let me run through the key points of guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2017. First, on the guidance points that are changing, we now expect a $5 million benefit from foreign exchange for 2017 versus our prior guidance for a neutral impact. We now expect Residential mix to be flat this year instead of a $5 million benefit given the faster growth in Residential new construction and the replacement business.  Now for the guidance points that remain the same. We continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing an engineering led cost reduction programs. We are on track for $6 million in savings from our manufacturing operations in Mexico from actions already taken. We continue to expect $20 million of headwind from higher commodity cost this year, offset by $20 million of price this year. As an aside, looking ahead for next year, 2018, we continue to expect approximately $40 million of headwind from higher commodity costs, offset by $40 million of price, so similar of a year of 2011 in that regard.  Now back to 2017 for a few other guidance points that remain unchanged. We continue to expect an effective tax rate between 31% to 32% on an adjusted basis for the full year. Corporate expense is still expected to be approximately $85 million for the full year. We still expect net interest expense of about $32 million. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 42 million shares to 43 million shares. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $100 million. And we are targeting free cash flow of $285 million for 2017.  And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Tim Wojs of Baird. Your line is open.
Tim Wojs: I guess maybe just the first question I have is, if you could piece out maybe the mix impact on margins in residential for the quarter and then I know this is kind of a pretty tough question but what do you think the hurricane might have cost you in the third quarter?
Joe Reitmeier: Again, our margin being down 30 basis points in the quarter for Res was driven by the mix. And the higher margin replacement - the math I would look at was the higher margin replacement business was only up 2% in Q3, while our new construction business was up high single digits, and as we discussed, the replacement growth was really tampered down by the cool weather in Q3. So I'm not going to give you the exact math because it's sort of hard quite frankly to understand with the moving pieces, but it's clear that the reason the margins were down was we mixed down because we sold less add-on and replacement and more new construction. Within our add-on and replacement business we continue to mix-up. So we're selling more premium product than we did the prior year. In terms of the impact of the hurricanes, I'll be honest with you, Tim. We've had a lot of conversation about this internally. It's really hard to quantify. There's lots of moving pieces. But I think one point that I would point to is that our residential replacement business over the last six quarters has, on average, grown about 8% year-over-year. In Q3, the replacement business was only up 2%. And there was no change except cooler weather and the hurricanes and so I think that's sort of an order of magnitude of what we were impacted either by cooler weather, by the hurricanes, and we'll see some of that bounce back in future quarters. 
Tim Wojs: And then just on 2018, just the commentary on the inflation cost and pricing, that’s a bigger hurdle from a incremental margin perspective, so just given that you have a 30% incremental margin target on an intermediate basis, what are some of the other things outside of sourcing, maybe some of the productivity, within North America that can help you get back to that 30% incremental margin in 2018? 
Todd Bluedorn: Maybe I'll walk through sort of a preliminary bridge, if you will, from 2017 to 2018, and again, as you know, Tim, we'll be providing detailed guidance on 2018 at our annual analyst day in mid December. But a couple of points I'd make is our end markets have been growing in low mid to single digit range. And while there's always risk, as we saw in Q3 from weather, we don't see much of that changing as we go into 2018. We think the momentum continues for all of the reasons you've heard us talking about. In addition, we continue to gain share in our HVAC business from North America. We're about up a little over half a point of market share, and that's where we've been the last four or five years. I think continues. We're focused, as you suggested, on a 30% incremental. And we're committing to doing that next year. And sort of the moving pieces to me are we expect another 30 to 40 million of incremental savings from sourcing and engineered-led cost reduction. We've talked about -- while we're not giving Mexico savings next year, we're confident we can get similar 5 million to 10 million of savings from productivity initiatives in our U.S. factories, both by automation and other lean techniques.  As you talked about for Commodities, we expect about a 40 million headwind. The phrase I've used before is about twice of what we've had this year. So it's plus or minus 40 million where we're confident we're going to be able to offset that with, order of magnitude 40 million of price. I think sort of the newer story from the last couple of years, and I've talked about this publicly the last few months, is we're targeting SG&A productivity, and over the last few years as we've had a windfall of both commodities and price, we've been able to accelerate SG&A spending in IT and R&D on some big strategic investments. We've had SG&A as a percent grow in line with revenue growth rate percentage. And while we think in 2018 that it will grow more in line with half, or maybe even a third of the revenue growth. And so while we're still going to continue to invest in SG&A, the growth rate will slow down. And we think that helps the SG&A productivity that we’ll get with help ensure that we’ll be able to get to 30% incrementals. So overall, economic conditions remain solid as we go into 2018 and we expect another record year. And we're targeting 30% incrementals. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gautam Khanna of Cohen & Company. Your line is open. 
Gautam Khanna: Todd, I was wondering if you could expand upon how you're trying to grow things for same store sales of the PartsPlus businesses? What specifically are you doing to kind of accelerate growth at some of your more mature stores? 
Todd Bluedorn: We'll talk about it more when we -- at the December analyst day. But sort of high level, I think about it this way, we put -- the name, historically, has been a bit of a misnomer. They’re called PartsPlus. But they were really put in place with the focus of growing equipment sales, and they've done a great job of doing that. But we now have these mature stores in place. And if you look at our mix of parts and supplies -- so, the revenue that we sell as a residential business, our parts and supplies mix is about 25%, and the other 75% is equipment sales. You look at a Watts Co, sort of an industry leading distributor, they're more 30%, maybe even 35% parts and supplies. And so we think it's a big opportunity to grow our parts and supplies business and flow it through this fixed cost asset, the stores that we have. And so we've taken aggressive initiative, and we'll share again some of the -- more of the details in December. But focusing on targeting what SKUs we want to carry, i.e. broadening deepening the parts and supplies that we carry, focus on the training of our counter people to make sure they're in a position both because we've trained them, but also they have the sales tools and information to be able to sell parts and supplies. And then the third piece is around inventory and logistics management to make sure we're inventorying the rights parts and pieces on-site to be able to meet demand. So we think there's a big opportunity there. 
Gautam Khanna: And one follow-up. At Refrigeration, when do you anticipate some of the better economics on one of your large customer contracts will start to benefit your margins? I’m specifically referring to Wal-Mart, of course. 
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to work through with the Wal-Mart business. We recently want, and others, our competitors want businesses on the display cases. We're going through a quoting process with them on the system part of the business. And longer term, our goal within our Kysor/Warren businesses to grow the margins not only from making the Wal-Mart business more profitable but quite frankly diversifying our customer base. We think we've done a pretty good job at taking costs out of the factory. We continue to design costs. So higher portion material cost reduction as a percentage of revenue is coming out of KW than maybe any other business that we have. But it's also focusing quite frankly on winning new customers and our team’s focused on doing that. 
Operator: And next we'll go to the line of Jeff Hammon of KeyBanc. Your line is open. 
Jeff Hammond: On Refrigeration, did you mention factory productivity issues, just what's going on there? It seems like the margins have stepped back a little bit after some period of progress.
Todd Bluedorn: Let me broaden the answer. I mean, we saw margins down 190 basis points after being up the last five or six quarters. There are two major drivers, and the first one’s a primary one, which was negative mix from the weather impact on our North America businesses. Our most profitable business in all of Refrigeration is our North American Heatcraft Refrigeration Product group, we call it HRP internally, which is the non-Kysor/Warren part of the business. And more than 50% of that business is sold through distributors. It's a flow business, sort of demand business that is tied to economic conditions, but also quite frankly tied to weather and what’s happening in the market place. Our Heatcraft business over the last six quarters on average had a growth of about 4% per quarter, and in Q3 we saw a 2% decline. And while there were some other moving pieces on demand side, we think weather had a major impact. So this very highly profitable business we have being down 2% rather than being up 4% as it has over the last six quarters had an impact, so it mixed down. And then the other is yes, I did mention on the call that we had some productivity issue on several of our key factories, in Europe and one of our Heatcraft factories in North America. We're addressing this and we're well on our way to having those behind us. The issues were material flow issues and labor productivity. We continue to expect Refrigeration margins this year to be flat to up 50 basis points. I think prior guide was 50 basis points. We may think there’ll be a little pressure on that. But we continue to focus on reaching the 12% to 14% segment margin by 2019. As I mentioned, Gary Bedard’s now head of our Refrigeration business, and he's laser like focused on some of these issues. 
Jeff Hammond: And then just on commercial heating and cooling, the 20% growth in national accounts, any positive lumpiness or timing there? Or is that just some key wins? And then I think you said emergency replacement was flat. Is that kind of weather or maybe a little color there? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: We think emergency replacement was clearly weather, because we've been high single digits, close to 10% the last couple of years. And so we think it’s clearly weather driven. On the national accounts, it's always a combination of both, so last quarter we had revenue that was slower growth than what we've had and then this quarter we had strong growth. So I think it's a combination both of sort of the lumpiness of national accounts, but also we think continues to reflect -- and why we always talk about these accounts that we're winning because we continue to diversify our national account footprint or customer base. And while retail gets a lot of headlines in the journal, these other verticals that we're playing that continues to growth as a percentage of our national account and more broadly our commercial business. 
Operator: And next, we go to the line of Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo. Your line is open. 
Rich Kwas: Just on commodities, the 40 million for next year, what kind of lag impact does that have as we think about extending into 2019? So if you snapped the core today, does that fully get you up to speed with regards to the cost headwind or because there's some smoothing that happens with the hedging that there's still some negative impact that creeps into 2019. But just kind of broad thoughts around that? 
Joe Reitmeier: I mean, I'll give a narrow answer and then I can broaden it with some rambling comments you can help model yourself. The short answer is I think it really depends what happens second half of the year, and sort of how quickly it moves. So as you know this, Rich, but for others on the call, 65% to 70% of our COGS is material and 25% to 30% of that are commodities, and on steel we buy on a prior quarter market pricing with a discount from the mills, and then copper and aluminum we hedge, about half of it to 12 months out. And as we look at 2018 on copper and aluminum, we're order of magnitude about 50% hedged already. So as we look at 2018, we're 50% hedged. And so the flipside is there's 50% on the spot market. And then the other point I'd make as you think about how to model the timing is from the time we buy the steel to the time you see it flow through COGS is probably another quarter, consistent with the timing of how it flows through the P&L. So again we think order of magnitude it's going to be 40 next year and that's betting a little bit on taking the future curves of what we think copper and aluminum is going to do second half of the year. And it sort of depends how it moves second half. We'll have impact as we go into 2019. 
Rich Kwas: And then in terms of the replacement versus new construction piece, do we, from a mix standpoint, just big picture, do we think that replacement incremental margins being north of 30 and new construction incremental margins under 30, is that -- like, if I were to say 25 for new construction, 35 for replacement, am I far off in terms of trying to gauge the mix impact here in this quarter? 
Joe Reitmeier: No. You're close.
Rich Kwas: And then last quick one, just start to October, I mean, the first part of October was warmer than normal against year ago period, second week’s been better, so I mean, what are you seeing so far? I know it's been early, I know most of the heating this season’s yet to come but just any quick thoughts. 
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean, I think it's early, as you suggested, but we're off to a solid start, and as you said, and for others on the call who don't know our business as well, is we're now rooting for cool weather, it needs to turn cool, and so if we want it to get cool in the northeast and midwest. December’s always an important month. A couple score keeping things to remember was last year was a warmer than normal Q4, which led to a lower mix of furnaces. So if weather is more normalized this year, that's going to sort of be a good tailwind for us. The other housekeeping reminder is while we had 6% more days in Q1 because of the calendar, we're going to have 6% fewer days in Q4. And so all things being equal, we have a order of magnitude of 6% headwind on revenue.
Operator: Next we have the line of Jeff Sprague of Vertical Research. Your line is open.
Jeff Sprague: Not to split hairs on price cost, but I think Joe explicitly said that price offset cost in commercial and didn't make a specific remark on Res. Is revenue caught up in the quarter on price? 
Todd Bluedorn: In Residential, just looking at my details, almost. We’re a little short on price but again, I think that had to do with we were within a million or two of offsetting commodities. In prior quarters, we had. We think that had as much to do with the mix of business and ability to get price with builders versus the flow of business. So where in Commercial, we were called out last quarter that there was a timing lag and now third quarter we caught up. I think up in Residential it's more reflecting the type of business mix that we had. 
Jeff Sprague: And do you have any view at all on just kind of post hurricane dynamics. Does stuff just get pushed to next season or is there kind of a catch-up play here in AC even though we're going off-season? Just how do you see that playing out? 
Todd Bluedorn: Not totally sure, and that's why I'm being a little opaque on the guide, because quite honestly we're not sure internally. I mean, what we know operationally is we're getting lots of parts and supplies in market, because we think a lot of people given the financial impact to a lot of homeowners and certainly in Houston that not a lot of people are going to be able to cover all of this with insurance that things may be band-aided initially. And so we're making sure we have lots of parts and supplies there to be able to meet the demand. Being longer term, people will need to replace units. And that may be more in 2018 and maybe bleeding into 2019. And again, we'll have equipment in market to be able to do it. I think right now in both these markets we've seen some spike up in parts and supplies, not much movement in equipment yet, but that's to be expected because, quite frankly, they're still sorting things out. 
Jeff Sprague: And then just finally on Refr, Todd, it's clear that you're not happy with the performance, and you made some management changes there. It is kind of surprising to hear productivity issues at several plants, like in one quarter. Is that kind of coincidental or did something kind of inherently just go wrong in the way production is being scheduled or supply chain or something else? 
Todd Bluedorn: I wouldn't say it's coincidental. I also wouldn't sort of get hung up on a systemic issue. When I look at the 190 basis points movement in March and the major driver we think was the mix of our North American business, but I also wanted to be fully transparent that we did have issues and, again, it has to do, we have a very sophisticated engineered to order product line, both in the U.S. and Europe, and we ran into some issues and we're addressing them and putting them behind us. 
Operator: Next we have the line of Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Your line is open. 
Robert Barry: Just maybe to follow-up on that last question. I think you noted Europe Commercial was down quite a lot. Is that related to the operational issues or end market? 
Todd Bluedorn : That's a good follow-up. A little bit of operational issues. We had trouble making deliveries. And we think the end market’s probably flat and there's just a chunkiness year-over-year of customer orders. We had some big orders in the Middle East last year that didn't repeat themselves this year. And that's not a call on the market, that's just a reflection of our business. 
Robert Barry: And, I guess, while we're on the topic of non-res, there's growing concern that the end markets there are slowing. I think you said new construction was up mid-single, but what do you think the end markets did? And how are you thinking about the outlook there?
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to be steady as she goes. And you know this, Robert, but I'll say it for others is where we play in Commercial is the unitary space, which is buildings three stories and below. We don't play in large Institutional. We don't play in high rise office buildings. We don't play in high rise residential buildings. And so the verticals we play in continue to bubble and percolate. Retail, K-12 education, entertainments, fast food, and those continue to perk along. And so we see steady growth in Commercial and we call for market to be up low single digit. We think that's probably where it's going to be. And that's order of magnitude as we sit now, going into 2018, what we think it's going to look like. So, I understand all the calls about concern about commercial markets. We're quite frankly not seeing it. 
Robert Barry: And just to clarify one thing you said earlier about bringing the growth down in SG&A. That's happening regardless of what price cost does, is that right? 
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. Yes, for two reasons. One is we've already, as I said, strategically, we pull forward investments. Now it's the right thing to do. Second is you can't wait for commodities to come in. So, you got to take the right sizing actions now. You saw we had some restructuring in the quarter and that helps supporting what we're doing to get our SG&A spend right for 2018. 
Operator: Next we have the line of Ryan Merkel of William Blair. Your line is open.
Ryan Merkel: The first question I had was on the hurricane upside potential for residential. So, Todd, any guess at how many residential units the industry could see from the hurricane clean up in 2018? 
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, again, if I had a good perspective and a number that had a reasonable error margin around, then I'd go for it. But it's really hard to quantify and so many moving pieces around repair versus replace versus what all the impact was. And so I've seen, obviously, some of the forecasts that are out there publicly. The thing I'm confident of is it will have impact. I'm confident that the weather will bounce back in Residential, and the fact that we were up 8% in Replacement the last six quarters in resi and we're only up 2% in Q3, that's both weather and hurricanes and we'll see that come back. 
Ryan Merkel: And then secondly, I'm hearing from some of my channel contacts that there's some new commercial regulation that are going to hit next year and drive prices up 6% to 8%. Is this something you expect and is there any margin opportunity for you or does the rising cost offset the price? 
Todd Bluedorn: We'll see. And we'll probably talk about that a little bit more in December, but that's certainly too the minimum efficiency regulatory requirements are going up in commercial equipment and sort of from a technical viewpoint, we have all of that in position. Costs are going up for us and our competitors, and we'll certainly pass that on. And we've done a very good job historically when there's regulatory changes or when we come out with a new product to go after high efficiency that we're able to leverage our technical capabilities to meet the requirements at a cost point lower than our competitors. And so i.e., we are able to get margin for it. I don't think that will be a material call out, that we'd always be disappointed if we launched sort of a new product and didn't either keep margin percentages or have them go up.
Operator: Next we have the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell: Maybe just firstly on the balance sheet, in terms of capital deployment, you sort of spent what you thought on buybacks in the second half already in Q3. Your share count guide for the year is unchanged. So maybe any updates on buyback planning or any other use of cash? 
Joe Reitmeier: At this point, I think it's steady as she goes. We plan on $250 million of share repurchases in 2017. We've completed that or will complete that, quite frankly, in the early part of the fourth quarter. We still expect to spend about $100 million in CapEx to support business initiatives going forward. And when you sort of roll that all up, it gets us to our targeted debt to EBITDA ratio, which is between 1.5 and 2, probably the midpoint of that as we end the year. And right now, we're on track to achieve that. 
Julian Mitchell: And then your gross margins, obviously down 90 bps or so in the third quarter, some onetime factors within that. But when you’re looking at that specific rate over next six or twelve months, should we be expecting gross margins to be flat to down, offset by SG&A coming in a lot, or do you think the gross margins should be able to show a recovery fairly soon? 
Joe Reitmeier: I think the gross margins will show recovery. I think what we saw in third quarter, not to continue to flog this answer, but the weather impacted mix, and when mix is down in our residential business in our Refrigeration business, that impacts our gross margins. So SG&A productivity is going to help buffer or help insure we get to 30% incrementals. But sort of the core productivity around material cost reduction, around factory productivity, around mix-up and volume growth that has been the hallmark of our story the last six, seven, eight years, that continues in 2018. 
Julian Mitchell: And then lastly, just you called out product investments several times on this call. Any specific changes or new product rollouts that you'd want to highlight or this is just normal course of business activity? 
Todd Bluedorn: This is normal course of business. So we tend to roll out our products in first quarter with our marketplace. And so it's the areas that you know we're investing, controls, energy efficient product, and all our alternate refrigerants and so all of those programs we continue to make investments. 
Operator: Next we have the line of Robert McCarthy of Stifel. Your line is open. 
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for squeezing me in. No pun intended. In any event, a couple of questions. I guess one on did you see any difference -- and I know it's tough looking at all of the distorted impacts of the hurricanes -- but any difference in kind of trend line sales between kind of quarter to date from July through August through the hurricanes to get a better sense of kind of what the distorted impact’s going to be? I mean, you did cite the 600 basis points I think break in trend line. But anything -- any other way you can parse in terms of how business kind of flipped within the quarter to give us some comfort of the disruptive impact?
Todd Bluedorn: In my comments, and in the script tried to lump the cooler weather and hurricanes together in part because it's hard to disaggregate the effects. And so when we look at our demand for replacement business I guess pre-hurricane we were having cool weather and then the weather warmed up some and then we had the hurricane effect. I think they both had material impacts on the quarter. I think, quite frankly, weather, since it touched the entire country, had more impact than just the Houston and Florida impacts. 
Robert McCarthy: I tried. I guess the next question is just in terms of pricing and how you're thinking about pricing in the Resi channel, I mean given the environment for probably perspectively for inventories, activity on the parts and service side and the outlook, you would expect pricing to be kind of according to oil here going forward. Are you seeing any concerns around pricing in the marketplace? 
Todd Bluedorn: I think about it this way. We're committed to getting the price to offset commodities. Our industry has a track record of the entire industry doing it, our competitors have the same cost structure we have. They have the same commodity inflation we have. We're pretty confident we're going to get price to offset commodities and so that's what we focused on doing. 
Robert McCarthy: And then the last question is, I mean obviously over the longer term, I think you have talked about the opportunities for consolidation and the space broadly. Do you think there's a prospect that this could accelerate over the next couple of years, that you could see sizable properties that could be interesting? 
Todd Bluedorn: I think the only thing I know is that we -- I think value can be created through a combination, traditional industry consolidating synergies, if you will, or margin creation. We think we're in a great position to do it. Other would have to decide that they don’t want to be in the business. It certainly looks like, right now, there's an environment where industrial conglomerates are getting help on what businesses they should be in. And if someone gets some help that they want to exit some of these businesses, we'd love to talk to them. 
Operator: Next we have the line of Walter Liptak of Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Liptak: Wanted to ask about maybe the Southeast Florida, Texas and just how you feel about the distribution channel down there. Is it a stronger part of your business or something that you need to work on? How do you feel about the channel?
Todd Bluedorn: We love our own distributions channel and we think our PartsPlus strategy is a very good one and all of the investments we're making, both in the Southeast and the Southwest and across the country continue to pay dividends. I mean, clearly someone like Watts is stronger in Florida than what we are and that's just been a historical fact. But I think if you look at where we were five, six years ago to where we are now, and if you look at both market share and physical distribution, we've made some nice gains. And so we continue to focus on those markets as well as other markets around the country. 
Walter Liptak: Of the PartsPlus stores that went in this year, what percentage went into that Southeast region? 
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know off the top of my head. We can get you that answer. But, again, it’s -- the way we think about it, at least the way, yeah, we think about it is we’re not trying to win in the Southeast. We're trying to pick those store openings that create the most value for us, and that's how we prioritize the investments. And so if we already have a high share someplace, but we've identified customers, we put stores in, we’ll have really high share, then that's where we'll put the stores. So we’re going where the opportunity is and thinking about it that way. 
Walter Liptak: And then maybe the last one just on the resi business, and the new construction part of it. What kind of visibility do you get this time of the year, kind of looking at 2018 and the kind of starts that may take place? 
Todd Bluedorn: We have strong relationships with the top 20 national builders, and especially the top ten, and we spent time with them. We have visibility and they give us visibility about land they own and what their forecasts are. But it's sort of like our national account business. They give us guidance, they give us visibility, but if the macroeconomic environment changes, they react to it. So, right now, when we talk to our big builder guys, it’s steady as she goes. We guided for new construction, our business be up 10% this year, might be up a little bit more than that. And as we think about 2018, we're sort of thinking something similar. But if the interest rates were to spike up or something happen to the economy, they can certainly slow down on their building. 
Operator: Next we have the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Wolf Research. Your line is open.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just a follow-up on that 40 million of price cost, Todd. I think from the first time you quoted that number, maybe it had a pretty big range around it. Copper’s had another, I don't know, maybe 10%, 15% move, something like that. Are you just abnormally hedged into 2018 at this point? Or is that a number that could have some fluidity, if copper stays kind of well above $3 here? 
Todd Bluedorn: Where we're at now and again, we've - our guys, including me, just decided 40 was easier than me constantly saying order of magnitude twice of what we have this year. But it is order of magnitude twice of what we have this year, and where copper sits today, we think 40ish is the right number. And that's what the math says and we're confident we can get that with price. 
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just the part of the equation that I guess has historically gone kind of unmentioned and not unnoticed, but hard to quantify is on the purchase component side. Clearly, your suppliers are going to want a bit more price and maybe contractually are obligated to get some. I know that there's always a material cost productivity that you guys throw in there. But is that a net number or a gross number? And when we think about that $40 million in material sourcing and value engineering number, is that really something higher and then it comes down based on supplier price increases? Just trying to get that other pocket of the equation that we can't track on Bloomberg directly.
Joe Reitmeier: When we quote an MCR number, the 30 million to 40 million, this year 35 million, its bottom line net impact. And so we can literally point to a P&L and see it internally. And so short answer is we get price increases from time to time, but we have to outrun those and sort of the net number is 30 to 40. We used to joke when I was at UTC, if you do it the other way, you can have cost reduction equal to GDP of small countries and so you have to be very focused about how you measure this. And this is a net number we can see it in the P&L. It's after all price increases.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just to be clear on the hurricane clean-up side, you said you are seeing some parts pull through as it stands today, people coming back and repairing or in some maybe smaller cases replacing equipment?
Joe Reitmeier: Especially in Florida, maybe less so in Houston, but in Florida we've seen some pickup in parts and supplies.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And that's not just from the downtime where no one was doing anything because there were, say, branch closures, things like that?
Joe Reitmeier: I think it's people repairing units. And either A, repairing units or getting parts to be prepared to repair units.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steve Tusa: The industry, what do you think the industry actually did in 3Q and in Resi on a unit basis? I didn’t -- I'm sorry, I hopped on a little late. I didn't catch that. And then what do you think on a unit basis you're kind of -- is that number kind of a same store basis? I know you guys open stores every year. I'm just curious as to kind of what the industry is seeing out there because you guys are clearly seems to be continuing to take share.
Joe Reitmeier: Honest answer is I don't know just on third quarter. I'll come back to that in a second. What I said on the call was on a full year-to-date basis, our HVAC businesses were half a point or slightly above in share which is consistent with what we've done the last four or five years. As you know, given some people have independent distribution and the timing of loading and unloading, any given quarter could be skewed So if you look at HRI data, it's that way. If you look at Hardi data, it's sell-through. And so that's different. So I -- when we -- and again, we're biased, but when we talk to our guys on the street, we think we had a pretty good quarter, that only being to have add-on replacement be up 2% in Residential, new construction be up high single digits, we think we did pretty well. But the numbers may say something different just given the timing of loading distribution.
Steve Tusa: I've also heard from the channel that others are kind of going about this kind of distribution storefront kind of build out, that some of your peers have started to kind of initiate similar investments. Are you seeing that out there? Particularly, I know you're not going to talk about specific brands but I particularly heard that the train is starting to kind of pursue that strategy. Has there been a bit of a change there from competitors reacting to the success you're having there? I guess you guys differentiate because you definitely own more of your distribution, but just curious if you're seeing anything on the ground from competitors with a response.
Joe Reitmeier: No, I mean, we've certainly heard from public utterances. JCI talk about it and to a lesser degree train talk about it. But, again, to your point, we have a big advantage because we own distribution. And look, we've been clear from the beginning we didn't invent this concept, right? I mean, Carrier’s had total on stores for 50 years or 40 years in the field. And so when they own their own distribution. And so we're doing what others have already done. And I so if they want to build out stores, fine. So will we. But the only caveat I would give to them is I think building out a store strategy is a five to ten year strategy that you've got to be committed to because it takes a while to get the virtual cycle sort of headed in the right direction like we do. And so we now have a machine and we just keep marching with it. If they want to sort of toy with it, they won't have the same results.
Todd Bluedorn: Operator, I think that's all the Q&A. So, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call. My closing comments are what I said in the script, the company is well positioned to close out a record year for revenue margin and EPS and to drive strong growth and profitability over the coming year. Again thanks for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at - which hotel are we at, Steve?
Steve Harrison: New York Palace.
Todd Bluedorn: New York Palace. I'll put a flag in for them on the morning of December 13 for our annual investor community meeting. Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that now concludes the conference for this morning. We do thank you very much for your participation and for using our AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO
Analysts: Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Ryan Merkel - William Blair Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Josh Pokrzywinski - Wolfe Research Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co. Chris Belfiore - UBS Walter Liptak - Seaport Global
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for you standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2017. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. All comparisons mentioned today are against the prior-year period unless otherwise noted. You can find the direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Lennox International posted strong revenue and profit growth and a record quarter in which the company hit new all-time highs for revenue, total segment margin and profit and earnings per share. Company revenue was up 8% led by 14% growth in our residential business. On a GAAP basis, operating income rose 9% to a record $175 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 8% to a record $2.71. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 14% to a record $183 million and total segment margin expanded 80 basis points to a record 16.6%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 12% to a record $2.83. Turning to highlights -- to the highlights in our business segment for the second quarter. In residential, the 14% revenue growth was driven by strength in both replacement and new construction business. Replacement revenue was up low double digits. New construction revenue was up more than 20% as the team continues to execute well and serving the needs of national, regional and local builders. Residential profit was up 21% as segment margin expanded 130 basis points to 21.5%. On the operational front, we continue to invest in R&D and IT to support initiative -- innovative new products in the future growth of the business as well as investments to further expand our distribution footprint. We opened three new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the second quarter to bring the total to 216 stores. We continue to focus on both opening new stores and leveraging our existing investments by driving same-store sales growth. In Mexico, we're on track to realize $6 million of savings this year in our manufacturing operations. Turning to our commercial business; we've seen lumpy customer demand in mix in the first half of this year. We had a record first quarter with commercial revenue, margin and profit showing strong growth. In the second quarter, revenue was up 3% at constant currency with segment margin down 140 basis points to 17.3% and profit down 6% from the record second quarter a year ago. Commercial margin decline in the second quarter was impacted by two factors. First, we had large orders from certain national account customers that were a lower product mix for us that shift in the quarter and skewed segment results. Second, national account business has longer lead times in realizing the benefit from price increases as contracts are in place, come up for renewal over time. In the second quarter, we still had commodity cost ahead of the price benefit. All that being said, as we look to the second half, we expect commercial revenue, margin and profit to be up from the prior-year period. Looking at the commercial revenue drivers in the second quarter, replacement revenue was up high single digits on strong growth in both planned and emergency replacement. Commercial new construction revenue was down mid-teens year-over-year in the second quarter after being up mid-teens year-over-year in the first quarter. Overall North America commercial equipment revenue was relatively flat, both for national accounts and non-national accounts. Looking at new national account equipment business, Lennox won 12 new customers in the second quarter on top of the 14 wins in the first quarter for a strong first half of new business for the future. New customers in the second quarter included healthcare facilities, restaurants, retailers, hotels and property management firms. On the commercial service side, our national account service business showed strong growth in the second quarter up mid-teens. Our VRF equipment business showed nice growth again and in Europe, commercial HVAC revenue was up high single digits in the quarter. In refrigeration, revenue was down 1%. From a regional perspective of constant currency, Europe was down more than 20% and North America, South America and Australia were up low single digits. Asia was up low double digits. Refrigeration profit rose 1% as segment margin expanded 30 basis points to 11.4%. We continue to expect segment margin to be up 50 basis points to 100 basis points on a full-year basis. With our strong balance sheet, we continue to make key investments in the second quarter to drive the future growth and profitability of the company. Beyond that, the company paid $18 million in dividends and $100 million for stock repurchases in the second quarter. We plan on $75 million more stock repurchases in the second half of the year to bring the total to $250 million for the full-year. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Tod and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with residential heating and cooling. In the second quarter, residential revenue was a record $654 million up 14%. Volume was up 13% and pricing mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a record $141 million up 21% with segment profit margin expanded 130 basis points to a record 21.5%. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix, sourcing and engineering led cost reductions and favorable warranty and other product costs. Partial offsets included investments in research and development, information technology and other SG&A as well as investments in distribution expansion. Partial offsets also included higher commodity costs and unfavorable foreign exchange. Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business, commercial revenue was a record $259 million up 2%. Volume was up 4% and price and mix combined was down 1% with foreign exchange having a 1% negative impact. Commercial segment profit was $45 million down 6%. Segment profit margin was 17.3%, which was down 140 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by unfavorable mix, higher commodity costs, investments in research and development, information technology and other SG&A. Partial offsets included higher volume, sourcing and engineering led cost reductions and favorable price. In refrigeration, revenue in the second quarter was $190 million down 1%, volume was down 1% and price and mix combined was flat. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, Europe was down more than 20%. All other regions were up. North America and Australia were up low single digits. Asia was up mid-single digits and South America was up mid-teens. Refrigeration segment profit was $22 million up 1%. Segment profit margin was 11.4% up 30 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by favorable price mix and sourcing and engineering led cost reductions. Partial offsets included factory productivity, investments in research and development, information technology and other SG&A. Overall for the company on an adjusted basis, the second quarter excludes net after-tax charges of $4.6 million including $3.4 million for special product quality adjustment, $1 million of special legal contingency charges, $900,000 in total for other items and a benefit of $700,000 for excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. Corporate expenses were flat in the second quarter at $24 million. Overall SG&A was $169 million in the second quarter or 15.3% of sales compared to 15.6% in the prior-year quarter. Cash from operations in the second quarter was $59 million compared to $76 million in the second quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $18 million, flat with the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was $41 million compared to $58 million in the second quarter last year. Total debt was $1.19 billion at the end of second quarter and we ended June with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.1. Cash and cash equivalents were $61 million at the end of June. Now before I turn over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2017. Our underlying market assumption for 2017 essentially remains the same. For the industry overall, we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect North America refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits. Based on this underlying market environment, our targets for market share gains and the company's performance in the first half and outlook for the second half, we are raising the line of our revenue guidance from a range of 3.7% to a new range of 4.7%. We still expect a minimal impact from foreign exchange. For GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the full year, we are narrowing our guidance from a range of $7.65 to $8.25 to a new range of $7.73 to $8.13. This incorporates the charges for special items taken this year and our latest guidance range for adjusted EPS. We're raising the line of our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations by $0.20. From a range of $7.55 to $8.15 to a new range of $7.75 to $8.15. Let me now run through the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2017. First, on the guidance points that are changing, we now expect commodity headwinds of $20 million in 2017 up from our prior guidance of $10 million. We are also updating our effective tax rate for 2017 from approximately 32% to a range of 31% to 32% on an adjusted basis for the full year. Now for the guidance points that remain the same, we continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We continue to expect a $20 million benefit from price increases for the year. We expect $6 million in savings from our manufacturing operations in Mexico for actions already taken. We expect residential mix to be a $5 million benefit for the year and we expect minimal impact from foreign exchange. A few other guidance points that are unchanged. Corporate expense is expected to be $85 million for the full year. We still expect net interest expense of about $32 million. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 42 million to 43 million shares, which incorporates plans for a total of $250 million of stock repurchases for the full year. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $100 million and we are targeting free cash flow of $285 million for 2017. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instructions] First, we'll go to the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hey guys. Good morning. Nice job.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Tim. Thank you.
Tim Wojs: So maybe just starting with the residential guidance, just given the good start to the year, any commentary on if that could have been nudged higher a little bit, just given how Q2 trends have been? And then maybe any commentary on how things have trended in July here? I think you have a little tougher comparison in the third quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Our guide on res for the full year is always the market guide for volume is meant to reflect what we think the revenue is going to be. After a little bit of perceived weakness, I think in the first quarter by investors we had a really nice second quarter. No days adjustments is up -- it was up 14% on revenue and the answer for Q3 is we're off to a nice start. I know there's been some concern from the weather comp of Q3 last year at least through the first three weeks of July, the business is trending well in residential and parenthetically I would say also in commercial and refrigeration. So, we're off to a nice start. There's still two and quarter months left in the quarter, but we're off to a nice start in July and then in the weather comps in fourth quarter actually swing back our way as we had a warm fourth quarter last year that created some headwind on a normalized basis for our residential -- on a year-over-year basis for our residential business. So, we remain cautiously optimistic for the balance of the year and reflected that on the raise of our guidance.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then just the raw materials, is that -- is the higher raw material in the second quarter or is that really more back half weighted for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: It's a little bit of second quarter, but it's mainly back half loaded and its primarily steel or better stated, exclusively steel.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then just in terms of the mix of the portfolio now that 14 year has anniversaried, is there any way you could give us some of the high efficiency type shipments versus minimum efficiencies within the Resi business?
Todd Bluedorn: What we'll do Tim is we're start doing that again second half of the year. There is still some messiness this quarter but starting third quarter, will start going back to the old updates on talking about above-minimum efficiency.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Great. Good luck on the rest of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Good morning and wondered if you could first talk about where you think we are in the Resi replacement cycle? What the duration of it is? Obviously, it's been very strong and maybe comment on your thoughts on pent-up demand and the like as you move forward?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I've I think spoken about this in the past. I'll touch it again. I think there's multiple drivers of demand for our business. One, the first ones been over the last three or four years. We think pent-up demand is being released from people who repair units during the financial crisis over a two or three-year period and those units re-breaking and coming back and have to be repaired and I think that's help drive the business over the last few years on the replacement side. But increasingly, the driver of the replacement market is going to be the housing bubble of early and mid-2000's are now aging and becoming replacement units and that's we think is going to drive the replacement market over the next three to five years. And then on top of that, which is in replacement markets, new construction, the momentum in new construction continues. We had a very good quarter, but single-family homes are still -- starts are still down below what a normal take-up rate is given the household formation in United States and the millennial's are now aging and getting in a position of being prepared to buy homes. And so, we feel pretty confident on residential new construction over the next three to five years also. So, we think it's a market that's going to grow mid-single digits over the midterm which is three to five years.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on the prior question on commodity costs, if it seems increasingly likely that the Section 323 -- 232 tariff goes ahead, would you consider buffering more inventory i.e. system advance buys to kind of -- or are you just going to reset the pricing as soon as you face that headwind?
Todd Bluedorn: I think a couple things. I think the short answer is if we're going to have to drive both price and/or other cost containment actions and I think the longer answer is if we could buy a warehouse full of cheap steel today, we would, but our suppliers understand what's going on also and we have agreements with them and I think they're agreements, but they're not allowing us to stock up warehouses with low-cost steel.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks a lot guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Steve.
Steve Tusa: I think it was the warranty help in Resi and then can you just give us a little more color on what product quality adjustment means?
Todd Bluedorn: The residential adjustment impact to Resi was a couple million for the quarter, but what the adjustment was for Resi making sure I get the right page here in front of me, make sure I read this directly. We had a defective vendor-supplier component and you saw the charge of $3.4 million after tax. The effect has been isolated the vendor supplying corrected components and reinstalling the corrected components. The after-tax charge relates to the total estimated repair cost of both labor and the product itself and we're working i.e. negotiating with the vendor for a recovery of our total expenses and we'll see that in future quarters as we finalize the agreement with the supplier.
Steve Tusa: Now this has been something, I think there's been other items like this in the last couple years that have been stripped out and added back in kind of like different, it's not always an expense. Is there -- why would something like this be labeled maybe you should ask this like two years ago when we did it, but why would someone like be labeled as a subtraction to the adjusted number there sometimes or are you guys like payments, like that you record in a positive way like reversals if you will have a reserve?
Todd Bluedorn: The reversals, wherever we take the charge, we take the reversals. So, if we put a charge below the line and as I suggest, we're going to get reversals for it, we'll take that below the line too. So, we're trying to lead it one way or another. Again, we can talk -- we're being completely transparent. So, it's all our disclosures and by the way, the gross margin number included it because gross margins are GAAP numbers. So, we're not trying to play games. We're trying to make everything transparent and we just think sometimes it's easier for analysts attract the numbers if the core number doesn't have things like the tax benefit from incentive compensation and so a one-off things, but we're not trying -- we're not trying to hide anything, it's all there.
Steve Tusa: No. No. I am absolute positive, we're not saying that. I respect you guys a lot. I think you guys do business in a very high-quality way. So definitely not trying to infer that. Just trying to get details on the numbers. I think you guys were also supplying -- Goodman had some issues on some coils and they were sourcing them from you guys. Is that true and is that kind of played through already?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I am not familiar with that. I may be not familiar, we supply coils to Goodman and our ADP business, we supplied coils distribution. So maybe some company-owned distribution. We sold some ADP coils, but I'm not aware of any quality problems.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Got it. And then just one more question on this commodity follow-up. So, have you already seen the adjustment in these prices for this tariff or whatever is coming in and ultimately how does this -- if you snap the line or you even think of where -- what your forecast is now, could you have adjusted obviously it up by $10 million on steel. How does this play through into next year?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me unbundle a little bit Steve. The $20 million is what we see now and looking forward on spot pricing and steel is the thing that we've come to the conclusion that the current spots -- future spots -- the futures is on the steel or sort of the right number to use. And so, I don't know how much of future tariffs are baked in the futures or not. So, I guess I'm singling if steel goes up more, then we'll have to adjust more. We're hitting on the price that we said we're going to get for the year, which is $20 million. The issue is just commodity costs have gone up more. As we think about 2008 and obviously in December we'll give more guidance on all this, but where steel and copper aluminum are as of today, it's clearly going to be a headwind next year and quite frankly a greater headwind than what we've had this year and we'll offset it with price and take appropriate cost containment actions as needed, but we're committed on the midterm -- the long-term guidance we gave of incremental drop-throughs of 30% and we'll adjust cost structure and our price to make sure that's the case.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for the color. I appreciate it.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Just on commercial HVAC, can you just talk about how you think mix and price cost play out versus some of the issues? It just sounds like it may be clarified. It sounds like really the issue was timing and new construction and that normalizes in the second half?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I think you captured it, it's lots of details, because replacement was relatively strong. The issue was new construction. Our new construction was up. Mid-teens first quarter was down. Mid-teens second quarter in part driven by new construction can be very lumpy and the weather. We had warm weather first quarter, which sort of pulled forward maybe a little bit of demand and we had some rainy weather in second quarter especial in the Southeast that may be pushed out a little bit demand. And then the other issue on margins was the national accounts that we did sell. We had some large customers especially in second quarter who the product they buy was lower tier than some of our other customers and it's such a lumpy business that can skew the margins. But like I said in the script as we look at the second quarter, excuse me, second half of the year, we continue the forecast and expect that our commercial business margins and revenue will be up from last year's second half.
Jeff Hammond: Good. Todd, you guys have been share gainers here for some time, great momentum there. Are you seeing any impacts from your competitors who might be share losers in terms of how they're going to market with price? Any price degradation or price wars creeping in?
Todd Bluedorn: Is that a commercial question or broader HVAC question?
Jeff Hammond: I would say, I would say where you guys seem to have been successful on the emergency replacement and residential?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah on replacement, we don't see price wars. What we see is some other players getting involved in the market where other competitors other than carrier and also now emergency replacement, but we still continue to gain. They are down softness in commercial margins and revenue being only up 3%. The emergency replacement wasn't a driver of that. It was other verticals as I spoke about. In terms of residential, no, I think you saw we had a very good quarter in residential. I think it'll look like we've gained -- look like because it's true that we've gained share first half of the year. Margins remain strong up 140 basis points. And so, as I've often said at the edges of the Empire there's always skirmishes on price, but it doesn't appear to be any wholesale competitor decisions to compete with price in Resi.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Robert.
Robert Barry: I wanted to ask about price mix in Resi. I think you said it was up one, given all that RNC strength was probably a mix headwind and I think you actually had a tough two-year stack on mix. There are actually some pretty good price embedded in their.
Todd Bluedorn: I think there's price. I also think there is -- in fact I know what it is. It's strong mix up in the product categories. We were asked earlier about giving a little bit more clarity to the portion of the product that's about minimum efficiency and we want to wait till third quarter to do that. But within our product -- residential product line in second quarter, we saw a nice mix up year-over-year in the add-on or replacement to more premium product and that help drive the margins.
Robert Barry: Is that annualizing the Reg change in the South or is it more than that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's above and beyond that because really where we saw the mix was less of going from 13 to 14 seer in the South. Much more going from 14 seer to 15, 18 seer across the country.
Robert Barry: I see and all that strength in Resi, there has been some concern about pricing in general like rising price pressure in Resi, I think you've commented in the past that it's a little bit more concentrated there. Is pricing a factor there, it just seems like really strong especially given starts and completes were up high single in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it reflects the strength of our company-owned distribution model that with the national builders and to a lesser degree, regional builders we're able to handle large loss of geography and provide the same service and support in national pricing. So, there's not intermediaries that you have to deal with, but no, I think short answer is what I said earlier to Jeff that the pricing impact whether it's out on a replacement or residential new construction it's no different than it's been last few years.
Robert Barry: Got you. And maybe just lastly on refrigeration margins, I think first half you were up about 140. So, to get into your range implies second half, as about flattish. Is that how we should be thinking about refrigeration margins?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that how we build it. Maybe we do a little bit better like we did last year, but that's how I would encourage you to build model.
Robert Barry: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Good morning. Hey, just my first question is really on the gross margin, that been up 90 Bps year-on-year in the first quarter was flat in the second quarter. Am I right in thinking that was about -- if I am looking at that Delta year-on-year, you had maybe 50 Bps loss from the product adjustment costs and then maybe the balance was material costs a headwind. Just if you could comment on why the gross margin was flat and also do you expect the gross margin to grow again year-on-year in Q3?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't comment directly on Q3, I'll comment on second half year and yes, we expect gross margin to be up second half of the year. You did the math exactly on the note that I have in front of me. The special product charge cost us about 50 basis points on the gross margin, and then there's lots of other puts and takes, but I think you probably like to grab on especially in commercial the price commodity gap that I spoke about was also a driver of the gross margins being flat, but the major ones, we developed 50 points without the special product charge.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. Thank you and then residential, obviously a very, very strong second quarter. You've got very good line of sight on the distribution in the state of inventories. Just wondered how you feel about residential inventory levels today in the channel both for your own product and of course if you think there's anything array or anomalous in the broader Resi HVAC industry in terms of current inventory levels in the U.S.?
Todd Bluedorn: And again, I know you know all this Julian, but one, I don't know what the competitor distribution channels look like. Were they independent? Our is 80% company-owned and with our Lennox distribution we see the revenue when it leaves our distribution and so, we really don't have good last item. In our residential business, we know about 10 days out what the revenue demand is going to be and so we can track order rates. In our allied business, which is the 20%, it does sell through independent distribution. Inventories are sort of at the right position. Our independent distributors have seen our ability to meet at once demand and our flexibility around delivering and distributing the product out of our North American factories. And so quite frankly, they carry less inventory than they used to us and rely on us to support them and we're in a position to do.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot, and last very quick one, commercial margins, they were down I think 50 to 60 Bps year-on-year in the first half, the second half growing again. So, should we think the year is about flat to commercial margins.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, that's how I would model it.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Hey thanks. Just sticking with second-half margin improvement in commercial. Todd, are you expecting both better mix and to be getting some price to be the driver there?
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is yes and then longer answer is we're also taking cost containment actions to make sure that we help protect the margin.
Ryan Merkel: I see. Can you quantify the cost containment, just helps out or…
Todd Bluedorn: No, not yet. It continues to be things that we're doing on the factory and around discretionary spending and we continue to know -- we'll talk about that more in the third call -- third quarter call exactly what we're doing. But we understand we need to get our margin growth back on track in commercial are we're committed to doing that.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And then I wanted to ask about the Amazon risk to HVAC, as you probably know, there's good equipment available on Amazon through a reseller. I'm now getting emails from Amazon about home services HVAC needs. So maybe just explain what the barriers are and then why might HVAC be harder for Amazon to disrupt than general appliances?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the high-level answer is because it's an applied product and that you rely on the dealer to install it and we internally well I think everyone understands half the cost of the -- half the cost of a unit is the installation half of the equipment. And we always talk internally about 80% of the qualities of the installation and 20% of the quality to actual design and manufactured the product. And so, I have no doubt Amazon can find dealers to install equipment and match them up with Goodman equipment, but the question is who are the dealers, what training do they have? Do they have Lennox pros that allows them to when they go in watch a video on how to install it? Have they gone through all the training classes and support that we provide them? So, I think it's very difficult for them to disrupt, not impossible, but it's not the same as buying a washer or a dryer because you had this huge installation and we continue to talk internally about all the things we have to do to make our dealers so much better than what you can get with ABC cooling that's matched up with Amazon a lot. So, I would tell my mother not to buy a Goodman air-conditioner from Amazon steel no one knows who it is as if she wants it to work.
Ryan Merkel: Well plus should would have to wait four to seven days to get it. Well thanks, appreciate it.
Operator: And we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Lots of ground covered here, maybe just two other items. This wild swing in the peso this year, any disruption to your cost and sourcing estimates for the year related to that?
Todd Bluedorn: No. We had some headwind in the second quarter that we didn't talk about, the order of magnitude is $1 million or $2 million on the cost side, but we absorbed it, offset it other ways, but we still really like our Mexican factory even with the swing in the peso.
Jeff Sprague: Then on steel, I was wondering if you could give us just a little bit more of a frame of reference, obviously we don't know what your buy is at for 2017 and I don't expect you to tell us precisely, but if you're looking at where you're at in '17 versus where spot stands today. Spot is a good indication of where we're headed. Can you give us a sense of order of magnitude of pressure that's visible for next year or how you would frame looking into next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I just talked about how we buy, where we buy based on the prior quarter's CRU at a negotiated discount that we have with the mills and then it takes another month or two to work its way through our inventory to be able to see the cost. And so, I would -- if I was building the model, I would tend to think about what steel pricing has moved on the spot based on five or six months prior period and then I think you can get the percentage move of the steel as opposed to our COGS.
Jeff Sprague: Okay. That's helpful. And then just on refrigeration in North America specifically, I wonder if you can just give us an update on what's going on with your customer set and what you might be working on when we think about Amazon's initiative and the German new entrants where you're at relative to those opportunities or challenges?
Todd Bluedorn: A portion of our business that sells into grocery, the largest part of that one business, display case business and as we've spoke about, we continue to focus on diversifying our customer base. I'll be honest with you, the Amazon thinks, it's really whole foods at the current point and we call on them. We don't do a whole lot of business with them right now, but it's clearly someone we knock on the doors, the majority though of our refrigeration business in North America is our traditional Heat Craft Products Group business or HRP as we call internally. And we continue to grow that business where we have significant buildout or North America is having significant build out in cold storage because regardless of which storefront it goes through, there has to have these intermediary locations that holds to prepare the frozen food and we're very good at that segment. So, our refrigeration business in North America was up all in, in the second quarter and that continues to be a strong business for us.
Jeff Sprague: All right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just a couple quick one, so just back on the product issue with the vendor, was that stuff shipped in the last couple quarters or is -- have the longer tail to that.
Todd Bluedorn: It was shipped in the last couple quarters.
Rich Kwas: Okay. All right. And then price…
Todd Bluedorn: I am just looking around to make sure, I got that right. I am looking at Joe. Go ahead.
Rich Kwas: In the field, it seems like residential price stickiness at least relative to expectation is pretty good. So, you mentioned commercial as being a little bit of a lag, how about refrigeration? Was there any negative impact in the quarter on price versus expectation limiting your ability to get price traction overall especially in commercial? And is Resi in your view better than expected on the price standpoint?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I would say it's as expected. Our guide coming into the year was $20 million in price and that's still the guide. Quite frankly, I don't know if surprise is the right word, but certainly the change in the guide has been commodities going up not our ability to get price -- getting prices roughly what we thought.
Rich Kwas: Okay. All right. And then on schools, how are you seeing school rebound for the year? I know that's pretty important and just broadly retail, I know it's been touched on a little bit, but when you look at the activity with new construction and what not, just purely timing of that, nothing in the market that wasn’t any concern on your end?
Todd Bluedorn: No, first on schools, we were out mid-high single digits in the quarter and we were very good at schools. We have focused channel, our sales channel focused on it and have the right product also our VRF play strong there and as a driver of our VRF sales. And your second question was on new construction and commercial.
Rich Kwas: Yeah as it relates to, I know you talked about timing around first…
Todd Bluedorn: I read your notes when you publish all the architectural information and sort of the leading indicator. Nothing's changed. I think it's just the chunkiness of our business. I wouldn't read any macro driver into what happened. I think it's just the timing of individual customers.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hey Todd. Just and maybe to come back on Ryan's comment earlier, hopefully they're not trying to get your mom to buy any Goodman equipment or regardless of the channel.
Todd Bluedorn: I like my dad does tear downs for me, so I would sometimes like him to buy a competitive equipment just to look at it.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Fair enough. I guess going back to the price thing on residential, I think you've made this comment of the border skirmishes for a while. The chatter is always heated up may be to compare your comments earlier on how has price trended this year? Do you think the industry needs to go for an off-cycle price increase or are we setting ourselves up for some of these hedges roll or spot rates normalize early in 2018 that the amount of price that everyone is going to need to get collectively all in one log it maybe a bit too big for the channel to want to take down or maybe start to see a bit more push back than normal?
Todd Bluedorn: I think people can see what's coming and it's even where we're at now it's not going to be like it was in 2011 when commodities went up $40 million $50 million. So, I think the short answer is I don't think we're going to get a midseason price increase. I think we're out where we're at and again it's hard to say we publicly talked about things but it's hard to -- we're offsetting commodities with price. We're just not doing better than commodities with price and as we roll into 2018 as I mentioned earlier, we'll measure where we're at. We'll raise price to offset it and we'll also quite frankly adjust the cost structure and have other cost containment to make sure we protect our margins.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And then just to follow more of a modeling nuance, so we don't have as we lap some of these quarters with the extra week along the way. Is there anything from a margin perspective we should keep in mind? It's easier to see it in the top line than maybe it is in the cost structure. Anything Joe that we should keep in mind in that regard.
Joe Reitmeier: No, I don't think there's any anomalies other than what we mentioned with just the different days that we adjust in the first and fourth quarter, but outside of that and updating steel guidance for the second half I think that's all I would suggest.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Okay. So, everything continues to drop through again 30% target incremental if all goes well.
Joe Reitmeier: Yeah absolutely plus or minus and then I think on the detrimental days that we have in fourth quarter, I would think about that volume drop into a more standard rate of 25%, the 23% incrementals refer to all the things we do on cost reduction and others and then the decremental on the fewer days, I would think about that dropping through 25%.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. That's very helpful, thanks.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Hi guy. Obviously, a lot of ground covered here today. Could you talk a little bit about the cadence if you could just April, May, June in terms of what you saw and what is presaged for third quarter from your standpoint in terms of what you saw obviously visibility is limited?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, April, May and June in residential, all three were strong and there was quite frankly some concern as we went into June. I publicly had said April, May, we're up double digits and there were some concern, not concern, but we could read a weather map and we knew how hot it was last year going into June. But June again turned out to be a strong month for us, so across the board it was strong. In commercial and refrigeration, most specifically on commercials as I talked about new construction being down that was in part driven by June and some of the wet weather we had. And so, June was a little soft on deliveries as things got pushed out but the flipside of that is we entered the quarter with strong backlog and strong order rates and I use the word nice to talk about how Q3 is shaping up for commercial in July. And so, I am trying to underline, look I get we had some softness in commercial in the second quarter, but we feel pretty good about the business moving forward.
Robert McCarthy: Understood. A longer-term question and thankfully won't be about the industrial Internet of things your favorite topic. I guess talking about conceptually you're supply based in terms of some of your key components, whether it be compressors or motors. Do you think there is just an opportunity here to do more value-based engineering, get better sources of supply, get better margin structurally over the next couple years, just given the changing landscape of who you can choose in terms of suppliers and vendors?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I think that's been an important part of our cost-reduction in the last two years and I think it certainly continues and so we're aggressively focused on whether it's designing -- making a change of the type of material that we use, aluminum rather than copper or taking costs out of our product by working with Asian suppliers or redesigning how the systems interact by using software. And so, we're clearly focused on that and quite frankly spending a lot of resources on it both in the U.S., India and our China technology centers and so yeah, we're absolutely focused on that.
Robert McCarthy: And then last question is just on any thoughts in terms of the strategic environment for M&A and any areas of -- obviously in the past you talked about opportunities in refrigeration and diversification there in growth. How would you typify the M&A environment from your perspective right now?
Todd Bluedorn: Well I think we're pretty focused right now. If there is a large better -- there is a deal that we could consolidate the North America HVAC business and the North America unitary rooftop and/or residential, we would certainly want to play there. There might be something in Europe with our European HVAC business to get some more ump there that we would do and then maybe something in refrigeration, but I still think we have our ways to go in refrigeration organically driving up margins before we would want to do another deal there.
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for your time.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Chris Belfiore with UBS. Please go ahead.
Chris Belfiore: Good morning. So, in refrigeration, could you provide some color on the weakness in Europe? Was it just the mid-teens comp from last year or was there something more structural?
Todd Bluedorn: No, it's just -- it was not. There was lumpiness with customers. Our HVAC business was up by about the same percentage as our refrigeration business was down. It's just the timing of customers and to your point challenging comp.
Chris Belfiore: Okay. And then just in terms of CapEx how does that spend break down between maintenance versus both plus investment and how should we think about free cash conversion into next year and beyond?
Joe Reitmeier: Yeah, I think starting with the CapEx maintenance is about 10% to 15% of the total spent and then free cash flow conversion we'll continue to target free cash to approximate spend income. So, I think it would be somewhere between 90% to 95% prospectively on that conversion rate.
Chris Belfiore: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi thanks. Good morning, guys. My good question were taken. I was kind late in the call. So, about the comp for the third quarter and this was timing, I think July was really strong last year and then we went through those seasonal downturn or slowdown in the past. And then maybe if you can just comment on how those comps look for you this year and then it seems like the new build was stronger than last year. What was replacement like in the third quarter last year?
Todd Bluedorn: The comps on Resi third quarter was warm last year and fourth quarter was also warm and so third quarter warmth was goodness last year and fourth quarter warmth was badness as it hurt our furnace season in November and December. I've said a couple times that we're off to a nice start in third quarter, which means our Resi business is doing well. It's actually been warm in many parts of the country through the first three weeks of July. So, I've visibility for the whole month and so we're going to have a nice July in residential in our other businesses and so that's going to come down to August and September, but if people worry about weather comps in July, they should be because we've got almost to the other side of July and we're tracking nicely.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Was the new build strong last year or are we seeing a better new build market for Resi this year?
Todd Bluedorn: We had strength last year, but from memory, I think we were 10% or so last year in new construction and obviously given what we performed here in second quarter, we're up year-over-year to the first half of the year in new construction.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Great. Thanks.
Operator: With no further questions in queue, I'll turn it back to the presenters for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: A few points to leave everybody with. We had strong growth in the second quarter certainly all-time high. Set new all-time highs for revenue and profit. The third quarter is off to a nice start and we look forward to continue momentum in the second half for a year of record revenue and profit for Lennox International. Thanks to everyone for joining us today and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison – Vice President-Investor Relations Todd Bluedorn – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joe Reitmeier – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets Tim Wojs – Robert W. Baird & Co. Steve Tusa – J.P. Morgan Gautam Khanna – Cowen and Company Ryan Merkel – William Blair Julian Mitchell – Credit Suisse Robert Barry – Susquehanna Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Walter Liptak – Seaport Global Robert McCarthy – Stifel Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners John Morales – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would like to now turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2017. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review the key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the Company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. In addition, all comparisons mentioned today are against the prior-year period. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning and thanks, Steve and thanks everyone on the call for joining us. Lennox International posted strong revenue growth and margin expansion for another record first quarter, despite some headwind from the weather. New first quarter records include revenue, total segment profit and margin, as well as earnings per share. Revenue was up 11% in the first quarter on growth across all three of our businesses. On a GAAP basis operating income rose 39% to a first quarter record of $61 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 79% to a first quarter record of $1. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 39% to a first quarter record of $65 million, and total segment margin expanded 170 basis points to a new first quarter high of 8.2%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 50% to a first-quarter record of $0.90. A couple of points to make here on the first quarter. First as we pointed out the press release, the Company had five more days, or approximately 6% more days in the first quarter of this year compared to last year. This balances out for the full-year with the fourth quarter having 6% fewer days this year than last year. We usually don't talk about the number of days between quarters, but this year the difference is notable and we want to make sure everyone keeps this in mind in thinking about the year overall. Second, as you know there is a required change this year in GAAP accounting in regard to excess tax benefits from share-based compensation. This now flows to the P&L instead of directly into equity. We expect this item to have some volatility during the year from movements in stock price, the timing of share exercises and the best thing of our share-based compensation plans. Accordingly, we have excluded this in looking at our adjusted earnings give investors a better view on operational performance. For the fourth quarter, this is a benefit of $0.17 to GAAP EPS. We excluded that benefit from adjusted EPS and we aren't attempting to forecast it in the out quarters. We’re only adjusting the guidance for 2017 GAAP EPS by the first quarter net benefit. We will report the impact on future quarters after we close and report for each period, it’s a mouthful. The Company's effective tax rate guidance for the year on an adjusted basis remains 32%, but we currently expect a benefit and lower effective tax rate on a GAAP basis as reported under this new requirement. Turning to the highlights in our business segments for the first quarter. In residential first quarter revenue and profit were up 11% to a new first quarter highs. Weather was warmer than normal and warmer than prior year in the quarter, which is a headwind to the replacement business, specifically our furnace business. Even without revenue from replacement business was up 10%, the new construction was up mid-teens. Residential margin was relatively flat at 10.1% in the quarter, warmer weather and faster new construction growth led to mix not being as favorable as expected and are seasonally lightest quarter of the year. In addition, we continue to make strategic investments in distribution expansion, including four new PartsPlus store in the quarter, as well as information technology, research and development and other SG&A investments. As we move into our largest seasonal period, we continue to expect strong residential margin expansion for 2017 and another record year. Turning to our commercial business, revenue, profit and margin all set first quarter records. Commercial revenue was up 15% and profit rose 35% as segment margin expanded 150 basis points to 9.8%. In North America, commercial equipment revenue was up more than 20%. New construction revenue was up mid-teens and replacement revenue is up more than 25% on strong growth in both planned and emergency replacement business. And we continue to see nice revenue growth in our VRF business. Another cut at revenue, our national account equipment business is up more than 30% in the quarter. And we had a great start to the year winning new businesses of 14 new national accounts in the quarter including retailers, restaurants, hotels, medical facilities and real estate firms. On the service side, national accounts services revenue was up mid-single digits. In Europe commercial HVAC revenues was flat at constant currency and down low single-digit as reported. In refrigeration, revenue was up 5% at constant currency in the first quarter. From a regional perspective at constant currency North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific were up mid-single digits and South America was down mid-single digits. Refrigeration profit rose 57% and segment margin expanded 250 basis points to 7.9%. We continue to expect segment margin to be up 50 to 100 basis points for the full year. With our strong balance sheet, we continue to make key investments, in the first quarter to drive the future growth and profitability of the Company. Beyond that, the Company paid $19 million in dividends and $75 million for stock repurchases in the first quarter. We continue to target a total of $250 million of stock repurchases for the year. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was a first quarter record $420 million up 11%. Volume was up 10% and price and mix combined was up 1%. And foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a first quarter record $43 million, up 11%. Segment profit margin was 10.1% compared to 10.2% in the prior year quarter. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, lower material costs and favorable foreign exchange. Offsets included investments in distribution expansion, information technology, research and development and other SG&A investments. Turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business, commercial revenue was a first quarter record $196 million, up 15%. Volume was up 14%, and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Commercial segment profit was a first quarter record $19 million, which was up 35%. Segment profit margin was a first quarter record 9.8%, which was up 150 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume and lower material cost with a partial offset from SG&A investments. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the first quarter was $178 million, up 6%. Volume was up 4% and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, South America was up 20%, Asia-Pacific was up low double-digits, North America was up mid-single digits and Europe was up low-single digits. Refrigeration segment profit was $14 million, up 57%. And segment profit margin was 7.9%, which was up 250 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, lower material cost and favorable mix with a partial offset from SG&A investments. Overall for the company on an adjusted basis the first quarter excludes a net benefit of $4.6 million. Based on the new GAAP accounting requirements on excess tax benefits from share-based compensation, the company had a $7.4 million benefit in the first quarter. Net against this we had $2.8 million of after tax charges for special items in the quarter. Corporate expenses were $11 million in the first quarter, down $4 million from the prior quarter and consistent with our guidance for corporate expenses to be down $12 million for the full year. Overall SG&A was one $152 million in the first quarter or 19.2% of sales, compared to 19.6% in the prior quarter. Net cash used in operations in the first quarter was $108 million, compared to $102 million in the first quarter year ago. Capital spending was $25 million, compared to $24 million in the prior quarter. With respect to free cash flow, we used approximately $133 million in the first quarter, compared to using $126 million in the prior quarter. Due to the seasonal nature of our business the company uses cash in the first half of the year and generates cash in the back half of the year. And we continue to target $285 million of free cash flow for 2017 overall. Total debt was $1.1 billion at the end of the first quarter. And we ended March with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.0. Cash and cash equivalents were $49 million at the end of March. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2017. Our underlying market assumptions for 2017 remain the same. For the industry overall, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single digits. And we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low-single digits. Based on this underlying market environment and our targets for market share gains, revenue growth guidance for Lennox International remains 3% to 7% for 2017 with a minimal impact from foreign exchange. Our guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the full year moves up by the net $0.10 benefit that we realized in the fourth quarter to a range of $7.65 to $8.25. Our guidance for adjusted GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the full-year remains $7.55 to $8.15. Now let me run through the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2017. All of them remain the same from what we have previously discussed. We continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We expect $6 million in savings from our manufacturing operations in Mexico from actions already taken. Residential mix is expected to be a $5 million benefit for the year. We continue to expect $10 million of headwind from commodities in 2017 and are targeting $20 million in price increases for the full-year. We expect a minimal impact from foreign exchange. A few more other guidance points that are unchanged. Corporate expense is expected to be approximately $85 million. We still expect net interest expense for the year of about $32 million. And our effective tax rate guidance remains approximately 32% on a adjusted basis for the full-year. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full-year to be between 42 million to 43 million shares, which incorporates plans for total of $250 million of stock repurchases for the full-year. Capital expenditures are expected to be $100 million, and we are targeting free cash flow of $285 million for 2017. And with that, let’s now go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, good morning guys.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi Jeff.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, so just residential, can you just talk about how you think about incrementals playing out certainly weaker this quarter, how do mix dynamics normalize? And just as you think about your price targeting, how are you doing capturing price thus far?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, I mean I’ll start with a leave what I said in the script we expect and are planning for another strong growth and record year for residential in 2017. What we saw in the quarter and then I talked about it in the script is we didn't have a stronger mix as expected because of the warm weather. It was warmer both versus last year, but also normally degree heating days were down double digits. And it impacted us not only that RNC grew faster than add on and replace residential, new construction grew faster than add on and replacement, but even with add on and replacement our mix of furnaces were down while we make higher margins. That’s sort of all the reasons. Now the good news is within our replacement business we had nice mix up the premium products all that looks strong. And we've implemented the price increases we announced at the beginning of the year and as we entered the large selling season we'll start to see back again. And so it's our lightest quarter and so all the investments that we make weight on the margins, but end with where I started we expect strong margin expansion in residential as we move into the seasonally largest quarters of the year.
Jeff Hammond: Alright. And then commercial any good lumpiness around timing of national accounts in the quarter or was that kind of all pure core growth?
Todd Bluedorn: It was broad strong growth across all our commercial business, as I said our every Len’s I looked at during my script was good news whether it's national accounts, not national accounts VRF emergency replacement, planned replacements, new construction. It was all strong. And again as I called out on the national account conversations, we continue to sign up new national accounts uniquely important a diverse range of end markets. Sort of every day there was a new headline about the pressure on retail and the journal but we continue to diversify our end markets and we think some of that strength is playing through.
Jeff Hammond: Great, thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs with…
Todd Bluedorn: You there Tim?
Operator: One moment please.
Tim Wojs: Just anything that you've seen in terms of change in how you view the replacement cycle or how you're reviewing pent-up demand as you can enter the seasonal stronger period of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean we're excited I mean I think you saw it. Even when you adjust the 11% revenue growth for the extra days we still – and you adjust for the weather, I think we had a very strong revenue quarter for residential in the first quarter and that's on top of what we've done, did last year and I think the momentum continues. Had all our dealer meetings and our contractor customers seem strong and encouraged and optimistic in the U.S. consumer seems strong. And so I think all that's queued up, we get the right weather pattern I think we're set up for another very good year.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then just on the investments in the resi segment, is it the right way to think about it that’s evenly weighted through the years so just the fact that you have lower profitability in the first quarter just abnormally weighs on the margin and we'll see that kind of get leverage through the rest of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, it’s a right way to think about it.
Tim Wojs: Okay, great. And then any indication on April?
Joe Reitmeier: We're off to a solid start I mean the momentum we saw and first quarter around revenue continues and second quarter and it's early and as you know June is sort of the big, the money month and is about half of the quarter but things are trending well. And we're happy where we sit this far into the quarter.
Tim Wojs: Great. Good luck.
Joe Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Steve Tusa at J.P. Morgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Steve.
Joe Reitmeier: Good morning.
Steve Tusa: So I know you guys are a little bit different given your distribution profile but can you just give us a little bit of color on how the comps are going to kind of play out in the second and third quarter given the pretty extreme weather conditions that we had last year I know for some second quarter was a lot weaker than third quarter. So maybe if you just want to help us position for what's to come in the next couple of quarters, just directionally?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, well I think I stamped my foot as hard as I could to say take fourth quarter down, right because it's going to have fewer days.
Steve Tusa: Yes, sure. I mean the second and third.
Joe Reitmeier: I think high levels which you called out I mean the weather came late last year. But we still had a pretty good second quarter but I think the weather came late last year and so I think net-net the comp in third quarter is a little higher harder than the comp in second quarter. But that being said we're getting some weather already and we're starting off good.
Steve Tusa: Is it possible that the comp in the third quarter is – it doesn't grow because of that? Would you be concerned if you didn’t see growth in the third quarter, about kind of this cycle from that perspective?
Joe Reitmeier: I would be concerned if we didn't have growth in the third quarter unless there was a huge weather comp that got in the way.
Steve Tusa: Okay, got it. And then just lastly on the commercial side where specifically could you just unpack the growth a little bit more – in more specifics you mentioned kind of the retail concerns out of the Wall Street Journal I mean I kind of have the same retail concerns watching, watching what’s happening out there with Amazon. So maybe if its unpack the verticals and maybe where you're seeing the backfill related to retail or maybe retail is still relatively strong?
Joe Reitmeier: I think it's across the board without being too cute about and trying to avoid your question but what I talked about in the script is overall commercial equipment was up 20% both in planned and emergency replacements, so emergency replacement is not sort of big box retail. We continue to see just our national account business up 30% and it was not only retailers, it was medical, restaurants, hotels, real estate firms, all verticals that we've been focused on I mean look, retail still our largest vertical of national accounts but we're used to be that vertical we've significantly diversified. And so our growth in other verticals has been significant. But I'd also say even retailer spend on planned replacement the article in The Wall Street Journal the one I'm referring to they talked about J. C. Penney and RadioShack and I think The Limited, we haven't sold a whole lot of rooftops of RadioShack, The Limited and J. C. Penney in the last few years. So I mean there’s still other formats that are growing and some big boys, big businesses that are spending on planned replacement and we do very, very well there.
Steve Tusa: So I assume this year’s Kmart exposure is relatively minimal?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean I haven't got an electronic kit from RadioShack in years.
Steve Tusa: I got a really cheap charger there on the closure and are down a couple of weeks ago, so I'm pumped about that. So what – why is this growing so fast I mean that seems like a pretty big number are you just taking a ton of share here or is – or do you think this is market related that maybe this is – maybe a little bit of pent-up demand perhaps on the commercial side?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t know if its pent-up demand again sort of not to get too breathless I think you knock off 6% for the extra days and then you're mid-teens and then I think there's probably some it's tough to say share gains for a quarter. But I think we've got sort of an outsized piece of the business. I do think again this is going to be anecdotal in nature but just like you've seen the stock market pick up after the election is there sort of confidence about we can debate whether that's right or wrong but confidence about what the new administration is going to do with pro-business policies. I think some of our larger commercial customers sort of have the same sense and are willing to spend money maybe in a way that they might not normally.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Joe Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: Question is from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thank you good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Gautam Khanna: I was hoping if you could talk a little bit more about how trends are at Kysor/Warren and just kind of your confidence on refrigeration margins, it looks like you might be able to do better than the guidance. So how is Kysor doing, how is the Walmart new business order kicked in yet and any comments on your conviction around maybe exceeding the refrigeration margin guide for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll take KW first then I’ll talk more broadly about refrigeration. I mean, we continue to drive performance improvements and focus on share gains within the Kysor/Warren business. And we have and have had a significant chunk of the Walmart business and we continue to deliver on that. More broadly on our refrigeration up 250 basis points for the quarter and top of the 210 that we had last year for entire year, driven by some additional volume, lower material costs and some strong mix improvement with some of the selling are more of a higher margin mix across the entire refrigeration segment. Back in December as you – I think you're suggesting we guided 50 to 100 basis points. I still think that's the right guide for now, let us get further into the year and revisit it. If you recall last year, we raised margin guidance, I think a couple times during the year, but we continue to make good progress on refrigeration.
Gautam Khanna: One point, you were waiting on a new contract award from Walmart that might confer better mix. At refrigeration, has that happened yet? And did Kysor – what was it in the black in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: We're still waiting for Walmart to make a decision on sort of the new contract.
Gautam Khanna: And Kysor within the black?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know. I think given that the seasonal low point of the business my guess is not, because we were profitable last year, but not strongly profitable. So my guess is we didn't make money in the first quarter.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Although, I parenthetically point out as a corporation, up until about three years or four years ago we didn't make money as a parent corporation for the first quarter and so sort of being at $0.90 EPS given where we used to be in a very seasonally low quarter, I think underlines the improvement of the business. That's my victory lap.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, very strong start.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thank you. So Todd, first question. If having extra days in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, is that a net negative for you?
Todd Bluedorn: No.
Ryan Merkel: I think it doesn't matter.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's net neutral.
Ryan Merkel: Net neutral, okay. And then can you talk about sales performance in March on a date adjusted basis?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m just pausing because I'm not sure I know the answer off of my head.
Ryan Merkel: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: Give me more, what are you looking for?
Ryan Merkel: Well, I'm just trying to get a sense, I heard March was a pretty solid month based on my surveys and then you mentioned that April is off to a solid start. So I'm just wondering if April is as good as March or is it April picked up, just trying to get a sense of the trends.
Todd Bluedorn: You're right about March being strong. So January and February is when we had the warm weather and March it started to get cold in some places and also it's switched to loading for the cooling season. And then to state the obvious, I mean April's an artificial construct. I mean, the momentum that we saw at the end of March sort of rolled into the first four weeks and now we're now starting to get some warm weather in parts of the country which again sort of gets dealers excited to get ready for the cooling season.
Ryan Merkel: Right, okay. And then lastly, can you just comment on price capture for both residential and commercial? It sounds like everything's on track, but just want a little bit more clarity.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, our senses of things are on track, we'll know a lot more we get into the summer selling season that sort of when you really know. But we're pretty confident going into the seasonally significant parts of the year that the $20 million of price that we put out there we're going to get.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question is from Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Julian Mitchell: Just I want to drill in a little bit on the helpful color you gave on the cost base in the sense that it sounded as if a lot of the cost efforts or cost step up in Q1 was in the OpEx line, SG&A investments, distribution, R&D and so on. But if I look at just the cogs in the SG&A they both grew about 9% or 10% year-on-year. So I'm just trying to understand – is the implication from that at the SG&A to sales over the balance of the year should full even more than it did in Q1?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think what it's saying is that SG&A in our investments on a full year basis aren't penciled out to grow 10%.
Julian Mitchell: Understood. And then on the cogs line, what the input cost pressures relative to price get heavier in the second half still.
Todd Bluedorn: They get heavier in the second half. Although, the price take up will happen more second half of the year than the first half of the year, because we're now setting – we've set price or implemented price first quarter. The other issue for the balance of the year that should be a positive compare to first quarter was mix. So we didn't – I sort of kicked it a couple times, but the furnace sales as a percent of total revenue wasn't where it was last year because of the warmer weather that we had first quarter versus last year and versus normal. And as we get into the balance of the year, the mix sort of swings our direction, as well as AOR grown closer to our residential new constructions growing where, and first quarter residential new construction grew 500 basis points quicker than add-on replacement which is a negative impact of mix.
Julian Mitchell: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then I guess my second question is just around refrigeration and the sort of competitive landscape in that. One of your main peers obviously changed hands a year ago, one of your other peers has had some production manufacturing issues for 12 months or 18 months, now they may be coming to the end of that. I just wondered how you saw the competition in refrigeration if there was any difference at all today, good or bad versus 12 months or 18 months ago.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think it's very similar. And again, when we – the portion of our competitor base that people are able to see publicly is really just Kysor/Warren intends to be Hill PHOENIX part of Dover and Hussmann now part of Panasonic and we've talked about KW and I talked about it earlier. The other parts of our refrigeration business, different sets of competitors, we continue to make investments and grow significantly there. So I think I just pointed in the margin expansion 200 basis points last year, 200 plus basis points first quarter. We feel like we're heading the right direction of refrigeration.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey guys, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Robert.
Robert Barry: So how many selling days were there in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Going to from memory 91 versus 85, or 91 versus 86, correct.
Robert Barry: 91 versus – okay. So that's the 6% impact. So if we wanted to just kind of level said everyone we could save about 6 points of growth off of each of the segment growth rates.
Todd Bluedorn: Order magnitude, the other thing that I would do to sort of level said everybody is. We've always talked about our drop through being 30% target. Now reflects sort of all the actions that we're taking in multiple parts of the business appear in number just to use for revenue drop through for incremental revenues more or like 20 to 25 depending on the segment. So if I was going to model the EBIT impact or EPS impact that have that incremental revenue drop at 20% to 25%.
Robert Barry: Got you. So maybe it added about $0.15 from the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Plus or minus.
Robert Barry: Got you, okay. And I think you said earlier you'd expect a similar impact to be taken out of fourth quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Robert Barry: So it sounded like mix tracked weaker. You're keeping the outlook for mix the same for the year is that just less upside to the original outlook on mix or if it's not significant enough because its shoulder period?
Todd Bluedorn: I think its sad, but it's also what we were encouraged by was within the product categories, the amount of mix up that we had the premium product. And so we think that will offset sort of the quote unquote miss that we had on first quarter from the furnace sales.
Robert Barry: Got you. How – what is them extracting now of like above 2014, versus a year ago or…
Todd Bluedorn: I still think it's a squarely metric just because of the regulatory change last year. And so I think it starts become…
Robert Barry: Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: …metric when we revisit it after the transition which was in June. So we had a number written down here, but it's meaningless.
Robert Barry: Got you. And then Todd could you just talk about pricing in Resi, we've been hearing that pricing pressure has been rising in Resi. Different views on who's starting it, but I – it sounds like it might be trickling through, sounds like maybe more intense in the builder channel, but could be more broad. Just any thoughts on what you're seeing there?
Todd Bluedorn: There's always my line is I like to say there's always skirmishes on the edge of the empire and I think that's the case now, that's always the case. I just underline we're confident, we're going to get to $20 million price as an enterprise. I think if I had to take over or under on commodities, I might take the over, which is different than I would do 30 days ago and over being bad news.
Robert Barry: Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: So we understand we got to get price. And I assume our competitors do too. And if the commodity stay in place and everybody's hedges roll over and no one's got a price 2018 is going to be painful on price increases. So I think we need to get it now and I assume our competitors think the same thing.
Robert Barry: Yes. Given the comments on price and I've been seeing some of the same headlines especially on steel, I mean what's the history of and potential to do mid-year pricing if you need to?
Todd Bluedorn: We've done it and again we're protected this year in large part from copper and aluminum because of the hedges. And our guide assumes forwards on cold rolled steel that's sort of in line with where it's at now. So it have to move up before we'd sort of aggressively take action, but we've done it before and if we needed to, we do it again.
Robert Barry: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning. Just a couple question on the commercial side. Todd, when you look at the quarter relative to where we were back in February when you reported Q4. You mentioned the billing days I mean it does seem the commercial came in better than expected relative to maybe internal projections. Is that right or how would you characterize it expectations beginning of the year for the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Again we don't give quarterly guidance. So hopefully I didn’t guide you on what we're doing commercial for the quarter even take it from my comments. I think as we could see the backlog and so coming into the quarter, we knew we're going to have a pretty good quarter. And I remain strong to the whole thing. So yes, I think incrementally is probably better than where we started in December and February we had pretty good visibility. And so we hoped it would be a good quarter and it turned out that way.
Rich Kwas: Anything on the national accounts that you've decided in terms of I think you said 14 new accounts anything that rolled through that was immediate…
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think really the good thing about it for the quarter is there wasn't a lumpiness. It wasn't like Wal-Mart did this or company x did that. It was broad-based and as I suggested whether we look to the Len’s emergency replacement, planned placement, national accounts, non-national accounts, VRF sort of across the board we did well, which was positive sign.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then – and just across the three segments anything we should be mindful of with regards to the commodity in terms of protection whether it's hedges or be able to get price et cetera anything, any deviations.
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think broadly speaking it's the same. I think Downey [ph] Nuance would be as a percentage of cogs we use less steel in Refrigeration. So I think you could argue they're going to be less impacted by it, but then on the flipside I think they're less likely to get pricing in the marketplace and net, net should be a neutral problem.
Rich Kwas: And then last one in terms of the competition follow-up on Rob's question. You have a major competitor that’s going through a merger right now and integrating that. Yes, anything that you've seen out in the marketplace on the [indiscernible] side from them or anyone else, but yes, from a share standpoint that you would highlight are you seeing?
Todd Bluedorn: No, no. I mean I think we're gaining share. And I think any time one of our competitors is consolidating what 4 million square foot of factory in Houston, good luck. Other competitors going through a major if you said acquisition and having sort of been involved in those over the years that always turns into a Game of Thrones from people are worried about, where to go and who they work for and what’s going on. So I think those are all good things for us. That being said we have set of competitors and they’re all good. But I think we’re gaining share and our strategies are well known and which continue to pound on them.
Rich Kwas: Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thank you, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Walter.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask – the weather around better this year, warmer this year. What’s your experience with how weather impacts the business? If you there – I’m sensing a little bit of tone of caution I think in kind of the back half of the year. And I wonder if you think you’re going to really nice second quarter and maybe tougher in the back half. Or it’s your experience or when you talk this warmer weather that starts early in the year that it flows through the full year. I wonder if you can help us with that.
Todd Bluedorn: Let’s just be clear up, what I said or what you thought I said. I wasn’t trying to show caution for the back half of the year. I was trying to make a mathematical point of. We had 6% more days in first quarter and 6% less days in fourth quarter.
Walter Liptak: Yes, yes, I get that. I get that.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, and then the other point I was making I think direct answer to your question is cost of steels going to be higher second half of the year than first half. And cost of copper and aluminum is going to be higher second half.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right. Fair enough.
Todd Bluedorn: And in terms of – and then I was trying to say that we had warm weather in first quarter. So in your rearview mirror I was complaining if you will that we didn’t sell as many furnaces. We’re confident going into second and third quarter. And Dan’s answer your question is, if you have a warm second quarter you don’t necessarily pull volume from third quarter. Third quarter tends to be – second quarter tends to be they’re stocking it and they’re getting ready, third quarter tends to be they buy, because they’re running out of inventory and they need to fix customer problems. And so there’s hot weather will get units breaking and the field will see units breaking in second quarter and units breaking in third quarter in the flow will continue. And so we’ve had years where sort of the summer selling season rolls all the way to Labor Day. So short answer is it can carry through.
Walter Liptak: Okay, that’s great. I wonder if you notice in your numbers the difference geographically like in the Midwest, it’s been really nice warm spring. And people have had their AC’s on already in the southeast I think it has been really hot already. Is there differences you could see like in the stocking in the northern part of the United States versus new builds and sell through in the southeast?
Todd Bluedorn: I think broadly speaking everybody stocks up at the end of March and then they have to sell through and most people take a little bit of time to sell through. The other thing I have to sort of be careful as you have to look at year-over-year comps, I mean it’s always heightened the southeast. Midwest is different. But, yes, I think you’re right we’re getting warmer weather this year in the Midwest than we did last year. So I think we should go out at all play out.
Walter Liptak: Okay, all right. Fair enough. If I get in just one last one, on the corporate expenses were a little bit lower than I thought. Was that adjusted for the seasonal, for the actually selling needs to or in corporate expense and I apologize if you already said this, what you’re expecting for 2017.
Joe Reitmeier: Corporate expenses usually aren’t significantly impacted by volume number one. And what we saw there was lower long-term incentive compensation expense year-over-year. And then some better fits from lower health and welfare benefits year-over-year. Some of those we expect to continue for the full year like I said to target a $12 million reduction in corporate cost.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think that’s a high level, everything Joe said is right. Our guide is to be to $85 million, which is $12 million lower than last year and third option in first quarter a large part was in line with them.
Walter Liptak: All right. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Can you hear me?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I can Rob. How are you?
Robert McCarthy: Good. How are you today? So I guess the first question again on the commercial strength. Is there – and this is probably so we questioned the last – is there any kind of countervailing weather that kind of helps you in that business. You think there is – because it was a little warmer in the quarter, think you can help down there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that’s a fair question, Rob. I think short answers on the margin is, yes. I think you’re right. I think, when you think about planned replacement for national accounts, the fact that you have decent weather sort of supports that new construction supports that. I don’t think it was a major driver, but as it might have been worth of point or two.
Robert McCarthy: And then in terms of thinking about kind of the share loss sharing and obviously lot of questions have been asked. But I guess from what you’ve been seeing I mean about this trend, you would be fair to say given the – I think the magnitude either planning for the days. You would expect directionally, probably your competitive set have a pretty good quarter commercial across the board.
Joe Reitmeier: I think what I said was will better stated. Our revenues up 20% even you adjust for number of days. It’s up mid-teens. That was an all share gain that shows end market strength. And so yes, let’s put it this way. If they don’t then we gain hell a lot of share in first quarter.
Robert McCarthy: All going according to plan. Now the last question is of course your favorite topic, which is the Internet of Things. And perhaps, can you just talk about kind of an update terms of some of the technology investments and obviously have been called out some of the investment overall in residential. But could you – is there any you can give to kind of quantify – kind of the level investment and how you’re thinking about for the course of year, any kind of return there.
Todd Bluedorn: We never unlike lots go. We are not going to put a dollar figure on the investment. I mean that’s part of our SG&A spend. And if revenue started to go down we sort of adjust SG&A. So I think you can look at the business overall. I think it’s all the things we talked about December that you saw at the Analyst Day, Rob. We continue to make investments to support our dealer customers with Lennox Pros, our online support system. We continue to make investments to support the end customer with iComfort and all the things we can do with our digital homeowner control system and allows for prognostics and diagnostics. And as we talked about in December, we’re taking all those investments quite frankly that we’ve sort of led the way in res and rolled it over to other parts of our business whether it’s refrigeration or whether it’s our Allied business or whether it’s our national accounts service business in commercial. And so we’re leveraging the investments that we’re making and – repeat myself, if you look back 15 years from now and the way this industry – well, though the industry is going to increasingly differentiate as that the fact that we own our own distribution allows us to leverage it and we’ll look back 15 years and be very happy we made all these investments.
Robert McCarthy: Well, despite what people may say I think a strong solid start to the year and congratulation for the good quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you again, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Joe Reitmeier: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, just a couple cleanup things here I just want to grounds and covered. Todd just on your comment about the incrementals, just the one clear to me if today’s actually benefited your incrementals in the quarter or were negative. And the reason I say that is just at the segment level, looks like your incrementals were about 18% right all in consolidated low 20%s so inside that 20% to 25% range. You just clarify exactly how you’re defining incrementals and what if any impact the days have?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean when I talk about incrementals, I’m including corporate. So I think that maybe one difference, I roll up the total delta in revenue versus – what I would model I’ll like to EBIT drop through us on that incremental revenue. So that’s point number one, point number two is, so that typically we guide 30% sort of as our medium and long-term target and this year on a full year basis, we’re a little bit lower than 30% if you take the midpoint of our full year guide just because of the headwind of commodities on a year-over-year basis. And so what I was suggesting was if you take peer revenue drop through without all the material cost reduction and the things we’re doing, it’s more like 20% or 25% sort of traditional volume drop through. And so I would – the way I would model what is – I would take the incremental revenue from the extra days 5.5%, 6%, I would multiply times 20% to 25% and I would say that’s the incremental EBIT drop there.
Jeffrey Sprague: Okay. Thank you for clarifying that. And then just on the cost side, can you update us a little bit more explicitly on how far your hedges roll out and kind of at what level you’re hedged.
Todd Bluedorn: Broadly speaking, we start hedging 18 months out, 12 months out we’re 50% hedged, we’re a little over hedged right now. Yes, the full year we’re probably pretty close to 80% between 77% to 80% on copper and aluminum for the balance of 2017.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. Thank you very much guys. That’s it for me.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Next question is from John Morales with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
John Morales: Hey, good morning guys. Question on resi margins was the peso – even if it was a modest headwind. Was it a headwind in the quarter?
Joe Reitmeier: The what?
John Morales: It’s peso.
Joe Reitmeier: No, quite frankly no significance with respect to the pesos.
John Morales: Okay. And then just another question to – there’s a lot of questions on the commercial segment but and I don’t know if you commented on it, but what is the backlog look like at end of the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: We entered second quarter with strength in commercial. I mean, we saw sort of strong growth both in revenue that you saw but also the build out of the backlog, but as always we enter a quarter and more than 0.5% we have to book in ship first quarter so it was an indicator we still have work in front of us. But the momentum continues in commercial.
John Morales: How does it look like compared to the fourth quarter? Is that you signaled there was strength in the back half of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m not sure, I understand the question.
John Morales: What is the first quarter backlog look like versus the fourth quarter backlog at the end of the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t know the percentage, I don’t think we’ve ever guided it. I think it’s up just because we’re seasonal business and so people are booking for the summer selling season.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes, it’s corporate leads up slightly, however it so early to gauge the fourth quarter backlog at this point given sort of lead times of commercial products.
Todd Bluedorn: I know, he is asking for fourth quarter last year.
Joe Reitmeier: I thought you’re asking this year.
John Morales: No, no I meant – you signal that there were strength coming out of the fourth quarter of last year.
Joe Reitmeier: Okay.
John Morales: And did that carried through end of the quarter. So I just wanted to get a sense of how that’s looking now for – how it was rolling in the second quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I understand the question, I’m not going to give you math to answer, maybe a qualitative.
John Morales: Yes, yes, qualitative is fine. Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: It feels good and the momentum continues.
John Morales: All right. Thank you, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: The last question comes from the line of Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey guys, thanks. Just a quick follow-up, did you say or could you say how much you think the weather impacts impacted the revenue in resi in 1Q.
Todd Bluedorn: Good question, Robert. I’ll be honestly that we didn’t try and model it. I don’t know, I think if you just for days were still up 5%, 6% that’s still a pretty good quarter maybe a point, if I had the guess.
Robert Barry: Yes. I mean I asked because I agree with you it’s would normally be considered pretty good but you’re comping against a 5% last year and frankly a 7% the year before, so the comp and the stack are both really helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Robert Barry: So if it’s a point, it’s kind of like, 11% minus the 6% plus 1% is 6%. Okay, good just wanted to – I mean, it feels a little slower, but it’s shoulder period.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I guess I don’t want to leave you with that, right.
Robert Barry: Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: And I don’t want to speak for my competitors they may say something different, I mean we want to call this day point out, because we thought it was material to the results. I think most people are on same kind of financial calendars we are. So I would just sort of ask you to think about that as you see some of our competitors report. So I think we had a strong quarter.
Robert Barry: Yes. Fair enough. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Good, okay, thanks.
Robert Barry: Yes.
Operator: There are no other questions in queue.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Great, thanks for all the questions. A few points to leave you with it’s early in the year with 2017 it’s off to a strong start with momentum continuing into the second quarter. So we head into our largest seasonal period, we continue to expect strong revenue growth and margin expansion across all three of our businesses a new record high to revenue and profit in 2017 for the company. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation for using the AT&T teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-07 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Lennox International, Inc. Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc. Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.
Analysts: Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your patience and standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. Just as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, and I would now like turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve L. Harrison - Lennox International, Inc.: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2016. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and the year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. In addition, all comparisons mentioned today are against the prior-year period. You can find the direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me start with a quick review of 2016 overall and then discuss fourth quarter highlights and give some high-level thoughts on 2017. 2016 was another record year for Lennox International, with the company establishing new highs for operating margin and profit as well as for cash from operations and free cash flow. Revenue was up 5% for the year and GAAP operating income rose 41% to a record $429 million. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is up 54% to a record $6.34. On an adjusted basis, total segment profit rose 24% to a record $470 million and total segment margin expanded 200 basis point to a new high of 12.9%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 35% to a record $6.95. Revenue, margin and profit were up in all three of our businesses in 2016. Residential and Commercial set new records in all three measures, and Refrigeration top-line growth and margin expansion drove segment profit up 30% for the year. The company's performance in 2016 was led by our Residential business. Residential margin was up 7% and profit rose 25%. Segment margin expanded 250 basis points to 17.4% for the year. Revenue from replacement business was up mid-single digits, and new construction was up low-double digits for the year. We drove record margins in Residential while continuing to make strategic investments for future growth and enhanced profitability. Investments range from new products to distribution expansion to leading information technology for dealers, technicians and homeowners. In Commercial, revenue was up 4% at constant currency for the year and profit rose 14%. Segment margin expanded a 160 basis points to 16.3%. As in Residential, our Commercial business hit new record highs even as we continued to make strategic investments in the business. In North America, equipment revenue is up mid-single digits for the year. Non-national account revenue was up high-single digits, a continued success with our initiatives in the emergency replacement market. National account revenue was up low-single digits. Outside of retail, we saw strong revenue growth in our national account business as our diversification efforts over the last several years continued to pay off. The company continued to win in the market with 31 new national accounts in 2016, a new record for us. On the commercial service side, Lennox national accounts service revenue was up mid-single digits. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was flat at constant currency for the year. In Refrigeration for the year overall, revenue was up 2% at constant currency and profit was up 30%. Refrigeration margin expanded 210 basis points to 9.5%. At constant currency, North America, Europe and Asia Pacific was up low-single digits for the year, and South America was up mid-single digits in a very tough end market environment. Turning to the fourth quarter, company revenue was up 8% to a new fourth quarter record of $897 million. GAAP operating income rose 233% and GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 276%. On an adjusted basis, the company set new fourth quarter highs for total segment profit and margin as well as EPS. Total segment profit rose 30% and total segment profit margin expanded 200 basis points to 11.7%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 35% to $1.50. Our Residential and Commercial businesses established new fourth quarter highs for revenue, profit and margin. In Residential, fourth quarter revenue was up 10%, and profit rose 43% as segment margin expanded 400 basis points to 17.2%. Weather was relatively warm to start the quarter in October, but the team did a great job closing the quarter strong in December as weather turned cold. Revenue from replacement business was up high-single digits in the quarter, and residential new construction revenue was up low-double digits. Turning to Commercial in the fourth quarter, revenue was up 7%, and profit rose 11% as segment margin expanded 60 basis points to 15.9%. In North America, commercial equipment revenue was up 10%, led by low-double-digit growth in non-national account businesses. National account equipment revenue was up high-single digits, and service revenue was up mid-single digits. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was up low-single digits at constant currency. In Refrigeration, revenue was flat at constant currency in the fourth quarter. From a regional perspective, at constant currency, North America and Europe were down low-single digits, and Australia was down mid-single digits. South America was up more than 20%, and Asia was up nearly 30%. Refrigeration segment profit and margin were also flat in the fourth quarter after strong growth in the first three quarters of the year. The parts for (07:16) Refrigeration in the fourth quarter reflects timing of national account revenue and factory loading of our Kysor/Warren business. While the fourth quarter was flat in Refrigeration, that business made nice progress in 2016, and we expect progress to continue in 2017. We expect the North America refrigeration market to be up low-single digits this year and are targeting another 50 basis points to 100 basis points of margin expansion for our Refrigeration business in 2017. Before I hand it over to Joe, let me take a moment to make a couple of points on issues that investors have asked a lot about with the new administration; potential tax reform and border-adjusted tax or tariffs. First, on the corporate tax rate. Given our current 32% effective tax rate, we would be a significant beneficiary from a reduction to 15% or 20%. We estimate that every 1% reduction in the tax rate equates to approximately a $0.10 benefit to EPS for us. This would obviously be a significant near-term and long-term benefit. With regard to a potential border-adjusted tax or tariffs, we are monitoring closely alternative proposals. I would highlight that we have flexibility with our North American residential manufacturing footprint, especially with our low-cost assembly factory in South Carolina. To add capacity in U.S., invest in factory automation to drive productivity or continue to make additional investments in Mexico, all depending on what path makes the most economic sense. The bottom line is, we have action plans in place depending on what policies are set to continue driving margin expansion in our Residential business and across LII. While there are a lot of headlines day-to-day, the overall perspective is another year of strong growth and profitability for the company in 2017 and with a strong balance sheet and record cash generation, we continue to be well positioned to make investments to drive future growth, raise the dividend with earnings, and repurchase company stock with $250 million planned for 2017. Now, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was a fourth quarter record $476 million, up 10%. Volume was up 9%, and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential profit was a fourth quarter record $82 million, up 43%. Segment profit margin was a fourth quarter record 17.2%, which was up 400 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price mix, higher productivity and lower material and other product costs. Partial offsets included investments in distribution expansion, information technology and research and development. For the full year, Residential segment revenue was a record $2 billion, up 7%. Volume was up 6% and price and mix combined was up 1%. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Segment profit was a record $349 million, up 25% and segment profit margin was a record 17.4%, up 250 basis points. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was a fourth quarter record $243 million, up 7%. Volume was up 7% and price and mix combined was flat. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. North American Commercial HVAC equipment revenue was up 10%. National account services revenue was up mid-single digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was flat, although up at constant currency, as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit was a fourth quarter record $39 million, up 11%. Segment profit margin was a fourth quarter record 15.9% and that was up 60 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, lower material costs and favorable foreign exchange. Partial offsets included higher SG&A, investments in distribution expansion and other product costs. For the full-year Commercial revenue was a record $918 million, up 3%. Volume was up 3% and price and mix combined was up 1% and foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Segment profit was record $149 million, up 14%. Segment profit margin was a record 16.3%, up 160 basis points. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the fourth quarter was $178 million, up 1%. Volume was up 1% and price and mix combined was down 1%, and foreign exchange had a positive 1% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, South America was up more than 40%, Asia was up more than 20%, Australia was flat, and North America and Europe were down low-single digits. Refrigeration segment profit was $16 million, up 1%. Segment profit margin was flat at 8.8%. Segment profit was positively impacted by lower material and other product costs. Offsets included lower factory productivity and higher SG&A. For the full-year, Refrigeration revenue was $723 million, up 1%. Volume was up 3% and price and mix combined was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact. Segment profit was $69 million, up 30%. Segment profit margin was 9.5%, up 210 basis points. And as Todd mentioned, the fourth quarter reflects timing of national account revenue and factory loading at the Kysor/Warren business. After a strong 2016 overall for Refrigeration, we see the fourth quarter as the pause and continue to expect solid growth of 50 basis points to 100 basis points in margin expansion for that business in 2017. Regarding special items in the fourth quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $24.5 million with $20.5 million of that due to previously announced one-time lump sum pension buyout program to certain vested participants. For the full year, the company had net after-tax special charges totaling $27 million. Beyond the $20.5 million pension buyout, other items included $4.1 million for asbestos-related litigation and $1.8 million in special contingency charges. Corporate expenses were approximately $32 million in the fourth quarter and $97 million for the full year, up year-over-year primarily on investments to support the company's growth, some general wage inflation, and employee incentive compensation. Overall, SG&A was $165 million in the fourth quarter compared to $151 million in the prior quarter. For 2016, SG&A was $621 million compared to $581 million in 2015. The company have record cash from operations for the year at $355 million, up from $331 million in the prior year. Capital expenditures were $84 million in 2016 compared to the $70 million in 2015. Free cash flow was a record $270 million for the full year, up from $261 million in the prior year. I would note that in 2016 the company repatriated $50 million in cash resulting from tax planning initiatives and made a discretionary pension contribution in that amount which lowered cash from operations and free cash flow as reported for the year by $50 million. In 2016, the company also paid $69 million in dividends and repurchased $300 million of stock. Total debt was $868 million at the end of the fourth quarter, and we ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.6 times. Cash and cash equivalents were $50 million at the end of the year. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2017. One month into the year, our underlying market assumptions for 2017 remain the same. For the overall industry, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits, we expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single digits, and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low-single digits. Based on this underlying market environment and our targets for market share gains, revenue growth guidance for Lennox International remains 3% to 7% for 2017 with a minimal impact from foreign exchange. Our guidance for EPS from continuing operations for the full year remains a range of $7.55 to $8.15. Now let me run through the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2017, which remain the same as we first, set out in mid December. We continue to expect $35 million in savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We expect $6 million in savings from our manufacturing operations in Mexico from actions that have already been taken, and we expect Residential mix to be a $5 million benefit for the year. We continue to expect $10 million of headwind from commodities in 2017 and are targeting $20 million in price increases for the year. We have assumed a minimal impact from foreign exchange and we'll monitor that closely as the year progresses. Just a few more other guidance points that are unchanged. Corporate expense is expected to be approximately $85 million. We still expect net interest expense for the year of about $32 million. Our effective tax rate guidance remains approximately 32% on a full-year basis. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between $42 million to $43 million shares which includes our plans to repurchase $250 million of stock this year. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $100 million for the year, and we are targeting free cash flow of $285 million for 2017. And with that, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Looks like our first question comes from the line of Tim Wojs of Baird. Your line is open.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys. Nice job on the quarter.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, Tim.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Good morning, Tim. Thanks.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: I guess just to start, Todd, maybe you could comment a little bit on how Q1 is trending to date and then, I know, Q1 seasonally is a little bit of a weaker quarter relative to the rest of the year, but just how should we think of Q1 EPS as maybe percentage of the full year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: On the first part of the question, we're off to a solid start in Q1. Weather has been a bit warmer in January than it was last year, but you always, quite frankly, worry a little bit when you sort of push, or not push, but have such a strong December that maybe you pulled something from the beginning of the year, but that's not the case, off to a nice start. But March is the most important month of the quarter with 40%, 50% of the revenue in that quarter. In terms of first quarter, I would just sort of model it similar to what we've done in history. You're right, it's our lowest seasonal quarter, and I would just look at the last two or three years, the percentage of our profits in first quarter and those are not going to be any different in any meaningful way this year.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then just, maybe just a bigger-picture question, just with the 3% to 7% revenue guidance range for the year, what would be the swing factors to get to kind of the top and the bottom to those ranges?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Weather always is a big swing factor. And so, if you remember last year, we should have started out cool and then it got warmer as the year progressed. So weather is a swing factor. And then the other is how is this for an understatement, there is macroeconomic and political uncertainty. So there is some risk there also.
Timothy Ronald Wojs - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. Well, good luck on 2017. I appreciate it.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning. On the price cost side, is there any update to kind of the price capture you guys are expecting in 2017? Maybe just give us a little bit of color around what you're seeing out there as far as the range of the increases that are out there and whether or not 2017 is kind of forced to the high end of those ranges given where commodity has gone (20:48).
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: As Joe talked about and reiterated our guide that we gave in December that, right now, we're guiding that we're going to have $10 million of headwind from commodities and $20 million of price benefit. We announced the 5% price increase for Lennox Commercial effective November 1, 2016 and then the 3% to 6% price increase for Lennox Residential effective January 1 and in our other businesses, similar things. Obviously, that's the big umbrella that we announced but we're very confident we're going to get to $20 million. You know and you've seen our competitors have all done similar things. Everybody understands the increasing commodity cost and the need to go out and get price. So we're confident we're going to be able to go do that.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. And those are higher than kind of normal type of numbers, right, than in previous years?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think the announcement is – we tend to announce 4%, 5%. I think getting $20 million is higher than what we did last year. But in prior years, we've gotten $40 million, $50 million in price when there's been commodity shocks.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: What was the price you got in 2016, just price not mix?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I'm turning to the team. You asked me a question I'm – we were sort of rough (22:09) – I think for Resi, we said we're going to be flat. And then overall for the corporation, we had positive price.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And on the Resi incrementals, obviously, you crushed it here in the fourth quarter. How much of that is coming from kind of the new products that you've designed where you have done a great job of taking the cost out of those and not necessarily reinvesting all of that cost out? And is there anything about the new product kind of phasing in 2016 that was kind of unusually strong?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think the driver in the fourth quarter was sort of the drivers we've seen all year for our Resi business with one exception. I think we had stronger mix up in fourth quarter and so we had some nice mix tailwind for the quarter. And, again, that reflects this move towards premium products. The cost takeout we saw all year. And again, we've been at that for a while. So it sort of didn't bunch up in fourth quarter, sort of spread throughout the year. And then we had another quarter of commodity tailwind. And obviously as we go into 2017, maybe early in the year, we'll continue to have a little bit of tailwind. But then as we get to the second half of the year, it will start to be a headwind. But, again, just overall strong performance from the Resi team. We're able to surge on revenue and not add a whole lot of cost in overhead or factory to be able to do that, just a well-run business.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last question. It seems like a lot of your peers, some of the smaller guys have kind of revamped their product lines. Are you seeing that have any kind of impact from a share perspective, maybe a little bit tougher to eke out market share with some of the guys that had been lagging historically thinking like kind of the yorks and the reams (24:00)? Are you seeing any initial impacts from their kind of reinvestments here?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No. I mean, the longer answer is, from the time somebody launches a new product, given the distribution buffer and sort of all the touch points you have with the dealer, it's not coming out with the iPhone and you swing huge share, number one. Number two is, I often joke from the time something is announced at Mount Olympus from one of our competitors, to the dealers tested and get comfortable to quality and make sure it works and performs the way, it takes a while. And so, they're refreshing their product, but guess what, so are we. Our product innovation and our HVAC businesses are over 45% of product – sales from product we launched in the last three years. So we think the gap between our product and others is increasing, not closing.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning. I guess my first question really on the Commercial business. You had a very nice acceleration in Q4 versus the preceding sort of six months. You're guiding for sort of low-single-digit growth in North America Commercial unitary this year. Maybe just give us some sense around any shifts you saw in recent months in terms of the noises from customers, the distribution channel, how do you feel about that piece of your business in the U.S. right now?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: We feel good going into 2017. There's more of a natural chunkiness or choppiness to the business given some of the large orders from some of the large customers. But again, we had a nice second half of the year in Commercial, especially fourth quarter. We had talked about earlier in the year some of the school business being pushed out to December and that's what we saw. But order intake and backlog remains nice and strong as we enter 2017.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you. And then just my follow-up would be on Refrigeration. You emphasized a sort of a pause a couple of times in the fourth quarter. When you're thinking about how Refrigeration plays out in 2017, do you think that sort of pause continues into the first quarter or first half, or you think we should see a fairly kind of level-loaded year in that business in terms of the revenue and margin progression that you talked about?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: I think similar to Commercial, there can be some choppiness in the business. I think I would highlight the change year-over-year from 2015 to 2016 on why "we saw the pause" was third quarter was a much larger national account quarter for us than fourth quarter was in 2016, and the opposite was true in 2015. So as we enter first quarter, we're optimistic with what we're seeing for order rates and backlog, and we think we're going to have a nice year in Refrigeration. And again, we've guided that the market is going to be up low-single digits in North America and it can add another 50 basis points to 100 basis points to margin.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And just following up on Refrigeration, the factory loading item you talked about, any more details?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Tied to the same point, large customer in Arkansas, the timing between third and fourth quarter last year versus this year, you're building a product and so you get lots of factory absorption and benefit from those orders. And then when it's in a different quarter the next year, you get the benefits at a different time.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey, good morning, guys.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Jeff.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. So just on Residential, I mean, you guys talked certainly about weather issues at your analyst meeting. I just want to get behind a little bit what really drove the strength given some of those dislocations. And really maybe if you look more broadly second half, really a nice acceleration here. What do you really see inflecting?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think, as often the case, I think the market's solid and strong. New construction being up, replacement demand, I know you were at our industry trade show. When you walk around and talk to people, people feel very confident. Number two is the weather got cold. And then three is I think we're performing. All the things that we've talked about over the years just continues to be a virtual cycle. We continue to build out PartsPlus. We tend to put the PartsPlus stores, front-end load them, and so we have them in place as we go into the second half of the year, the investment in controls, the investment in LennoxPROs, our ability to convert dealers. When you win dealers, you win them during the dealer conversion period, which is before the summer selling season. And then it takes five, six, seven months to ramp them up. And I think that you see that in the second half of the year. But, again, I think our Resi team is performing very well.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just on emergency replacement, you guys have done well there and very focused. I would say the observation at these shows is more people seem to be focused there. So are you seeing that space get any more crowded as you look into 2017?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think others are involved and coming out with product. I think, the thing I would underline is things that we can do – I think, we're absolutely at sort of the low-cost point, and others, I think, could get close to us or match us, but I can't imagine they can get below us given our factory in Arkansas, given the design of the product. Two is the build-out of our PartsPlus strategy for res and our ability to serve Commercial customer same day, I think, is unique. And then third is we really increased our focus on serving that segment. Carrier has been doing it forever, but some of these other folks who are getting in some emergency replacement. They may have the product. They may even have physical distribution, but the marketing programs and the focus of having a separate sales force for these smaller at-once emergency contractors, we've gotten better and better at it. And we said when we launched, this will be a multi-year strategy and it continues to be the case. And I know others are in it, but we continue to win.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, Todd.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel. Your line is open.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Thanks, Todd. So, first, I want to talk about incremental margins. I know in 2017 you're targeting 30%, but should we expect stronger results in the first half versus the second half just based on comparisons? And is there any other considerations you'd have us think about?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think that's what I would do, I mean just given the commodity profile that all of us can model when you think about the hedges. I think that's sort of the only thing that I would adjust for. We – the weather is the other wild card, but that's hard to model that, so I think I would take what we've done over the last couple years, maybe pull forward a little bit during the first half of the year because of commodities.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then, secondly, on R-22 allocations going down again in 2017. I know it's not a big category for you, but was that – how are you going to offset? That is the first question. And then, secondly, do you expect the decline in the R-22 availability to continue to push for more full replacements to R-410A next year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think, we're really to the other side of that. I mean, from a regulatory point-of-view, you're not able to do dry charge units anymore, and so when – really, the R-22 equation just becomes a question of if you have an old system and you want it to limp along. But typically – not typically, what will happen will be those systems are old enough now and the efficiency is low enough, it'd be silly if you had a catastrophic failure, compressor failure, to try and fix the compressor and then have it limp along by recharging the system. So I think, we're really to the other side of that as of mid-year 2016.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. And just lastly on Wal-Mart's plans for Commercial and Refrigeration in 2017. Any clarity there that you can provide?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No. I mean, we continue to be a major supplier to them on the HVAC side. Lesser percentage of their business is on Refrigeration, but they're still very important customer to us, and sort of our – from their lips to our ears is in our full-year guidance. I think, they continue to sort of rethink as they go along maybe what they're going to do, but – so their best guess is what our best guess is, and they're an important customer, and we'll see how it plays out.
Ryan J. Merkel - William Blair & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Gautam.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Following up on the last question with the Wal-Mart ex the Refrigeration, is there anything structural lead up that prevents Kysor Warren to get into the segment average Refrigeration margin? And if I recall, it finally broke even, right, in Q3 or Q4? So maybe (33:52)?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Yeah. I mean we've obviously had trouble with this business; we took a write-down last year. Clearly on the right direction. Major driver of our 200-plus basis point improvement in Refrigeration. It can clearly be – our overall margin in Refrigeration is 9%, 10%. It can clearly get to that level when you look at what Hill PHOENIX which is part of Dover has done, and in prior years, what Hussmann has done. So we're focused on that and think we're doing all the right things around cost reduction and focus on material cost reduction, as well as innovative product, alternative refrigerant systems. So we're confident we're doing all the right things to drive the profitability of the business.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Is it in the black now and how dependent is it just on customer mix, i.e., you already go along in the restructuring and the product rationalization. Is it now just a function of you need your big customers to buy the stuff that you want them to buy and not somebody will commoditize products?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Without being too glib, I mean, I've never run a business where the customer mix wasn't the important thing. And so, Kysor Warren, just like all our other businesses, we got to get customers, we got to have profitable customers and we're moving in that direction and we're focused on that.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: And is it in the black now?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I mean, not in low seasonal quarters, but we're making money in Kysor Warren.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Last question just on M&A, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing, if anything, in the pipeline and what types of assets might interest you?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No, we're very selective, and I think we have this luxury that we can continue to expand margins in our businesses that we own, and we play in end markets that are growing low- to mid-single digits, and we can grow revenue like we did this year in the last four, five years of 5% to 6% a year. Our focus on M&A hasn't changed. If we could consolidate the North America unitary HVAC market, we would love to do it, but it's only a handful of assets, and someone will have to decide they wanted to get out. We – for the right business, we'd do something in Europe. We have an improving team there. And if we could grow our business in Europe through acquisitions, we might want to do something. And then the third one would be in commercial service. We've done some deals over the years, but organically we're growing. So, again, we'd be very selective there.
Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks, Todd.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Deepa Raghavan for Rich Kwas. I have a question on Refrigeration trend. One of your competitors called out some mix headwinds, some pricing there too. Not all translates to you. We understand that, but trying to get a sense for the confidence you have in getting 50 bps to 100 bps margin expansion potential. How much of that is internal initiatives versus how much of that is macro-dependent?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I think, it's a little bit of both. I mean, our competitors, I'm sure, you probably talk – I assume you're talking about Hill PHOENIX. It's – I mean, that's a display case business that's maybe 20%, 25% of our Refrigeration business. We do a lot of other things, cold room storage, international business, convenience stores, and those businesses continue to grow and margin expand, and we have the right customers. So, again, from an overall perspective, it's obviously a combination of both the self-help and customers, but we feel pretty good about the margin expansion in Refrigeration. We said at least 200 basis points this year, and we did 210 basis points.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Residential revenue is pretty strong in Q4. Just given weather was not favorable early part and obviously – just curious, was demand more December weighted or did you experience any election-related pause or was it an even quarter? Any color on trends within Q4 would be helpful.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: It was driven by the cold weather second half, November and December. I don't think the election had any impact at all. I think we just – it got cold, and the dealers were waiting for it to get cold, and it got cold, and we sold product.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. My last one. Any updates to your outlooks post your Analyst Day? Anything you're seeing on quoting activities on the non-Residential side or Residential or any verticals that you think picked up pace or anything that slowed since your Analyst Day?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No. I think, it's steady as she goes. I mean, Joe reiterated all the financial guidance points. It's just – it's early in the year. As we get into the season, we'll find out more, but as we talk to our customers, and we're getting ready to start dealer meetings, people feel very confident as we go into 2017.
Deepa B. N. Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thank you very much.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Robert McCarthy of Stifel. Your line is open.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Good morning, everyone. Congratulations on the solid quarter.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks, Robert.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Two questions. I guess, one, I think, Steve spoke to it, but is there anything, particularly in the quarter, you mentioned the mix, I mean, obviously, they could compare. But anything else that you would just kind of cite in terms of incremental market share gains or anything for the strength across the board in terms of the revenues?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No. I mean, it's sort of what I said. In our Residential business, and we heard some of our other competitors announce, I think, we gained share in fourth quarter. That's certain. In Commercial, I think, we probably gained share. And again, it reflects all the good things we're doing in the business. There is no silver bullet to our strategy. It's three or four things we've talked about over a multi-year period that we continue to do to innovate, to build out distribution, and to focus on our channel partners. And we had nice momentum in fourth quarter as we did in the full year.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yeah. And I know you love talking about the Internet of Things and pie-in-the-sky technology investments. Now that being said, maybe you could talk about the investments you are making in distribution that are kind of technology or productivity related, and do you think this is going to continue to be just kind of a strong market share driver over the next couple years? Anything to add there would be helpful.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Not to be Sean Spicer, but just for the record, I don't like to talk about Internet of Things and pie-in-the-sky investments. What I'd like to talk about is in investments that we're investing to allow for ease with our dealer contractors. And you were at our December Analyst Day and saw what we're doing with LennoxPROs to do prognostics and diagnostics and training. And that's just part of our business now. And we have a strong team on the IT side, and the engineering side, and in our sales and marketing side. So that's a big part of the investment and how we will continue to gain share going forward.
Robert McCarthy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Drive safe.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS. Your line is open.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Todd, just relative to the scenario planning and ability to flex or pivot depending on tax law changes. I mean how fast could you do that? What's the capacity in South Carolina? How difficult is it to maneuver? Maybe just a little bit more color on what it would take.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: We've been very purposeful even before sort of all this happened to make sure we had a balance between U.S. and Mexico just given risks, prior risks in that concern about Mexico. If you look at hours worked for our equipment business for Residential, a little under a quarter of our business comes out of South Carolina today. So it's a well-run large factory. The other thing to always think about is we build product prior to the demand. We build inventory. And so if things change, we could sort of ramp up the factory and start building inventory for the following season prior to what we normally would do and we could trade inventory load for product cost. And then over a longer period of time, we can move production there. We have the people. We have the capabilities. We build everything we build there in terms of our Residential product line. So again, we'll see how it plays out. I mean, what I wanted to convey in my comments is, we have action plans and I've looked at the different scenarios, whether it's moving more South Carolina as we just – as you asked and I answered or invest in factory automation both in Iowa and in South Carolina to lower our costs or continue to make investments in Mexico depending on which way the policy goes. But almost under any scenario, we're going to continue to drive margin expansion in our Residential business and across LII.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just one follow-up on the cold weather into the quarter. I know a lot was kind of riding on December for the Heating business. Was that – how unusually strong was that versus a typical December? I mean, was it – relative to the last couple Decembers, was it – I know last December was notably warm. But relative to normal, would you characterize it as extra strong?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: If you look at heating degree days, it was actually a little warmer than average, about 4% warmer than average. But it was 36% warmer than last year. So when I think about the comps going into next year, which I assume is why you're asking the question, it was sort of a normal December. It was just so warm in 2015 that the year-over-year comp was very good.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of Buckingham Research.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: On the most of the dealer meetings that you alluded to, Todd, how are those discussions going? Are your dealers bringing up any of their own personal, I guess, contingencies or thoughts around Mexico production? Does that factor into the equation, or is that kind of out of their orbit yet without any specifics in policy?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Oh, they could care less, Josh. I mean, my read as we moved down to Mexico six years – five years, six years, seven years ago, and when Carrier moved to Mexico before that, I mean, dealers want a high-quality product at the right price. It could be made on the moon for all they care. And we've done that with Mexico, and they're fine. And then our sense was UTX and Carrier took a lot of public browbeating over their announcement in Indianapolis. From everything we can tell, that had zero impact on any of their market share. I mean, the dealers sort of see through all that, and they understand it's a global economy. Now, if we try and raise prices for Mexico by 30%, they'll knock down our door. But we would never do that.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got you. I wouldn't recommend making anything on the moon. I think there's an atmosphere of adjusted tax being proposed. And then just a follow-up on some of the energy efficiency initiatives that get enacted on the Commercial side in 2018 I think. What percentage of the Commercial portfolio do you think would get impacted those kind of being sold at the minimum today that would move up and be calibrated what that looks like and any signs that maybe you could get a pre-buy later this year on that basis?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I don't think there'll be much of a pre-buy at the end of the year because Commercial, whether emergency replacement, national account sort of any scenario, people buy it when they need it, very few – because we're selling to dealers. If you're selling to independent distributors, they may carry some minimal load. So I don't think there'll be any pre-buy. In terms of the impact, I mean we've always focused on high efficiency and we'll tweak up our entry level product to meet your requirements and we think we're well down the curve of doing that. I mean, the art of this always is when the new minimum efficiency comes out, anyone can get there obviously, but you want to be there at the lowest cost and we are pretty good at that and we think we are and we'll be.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got you. All right. Thanks, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: The next question from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Your line is open.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Good morning, Walt.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: I want to ask about the guidance on the mix, the $5 million. I think in 2016 you had kind of a great year for that SEER mix, were 14-plus SEER. How did you end the fourth quarter? I know it's low for Cooling, but how did the SEER mix end and what's your thoughts on 2017? Is it tough comp now that we've moved up the way we have?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: We're guiding, as you suggested, $5 million on Residential mix in 2017. And we got some tailwinds second half of the year as the minimum efficiency went from 13 SEER to 14 SEER in the South. We'll get less of a tailwind, but some tailwind in the first half of the year. But, really, the focus has been and continues to be to mix people up beyond 14 SEER or the minimum efficiency to 15 SEER, 18 SEER, 20 SEER. We had some natural headwind this year that sort of muted the benefits in the sense of – I mean, it's good problem to have but Residential new construction, the market and our sales grew faster than the replacement market, and we tend to make – not tend, we make higher margins on replacement business. So we think we're doing all the right things to continue drive mix up and 2017 should be another good year.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Great. And in Refrigeration, there have been some C-store expansions that were announced. I wonder if you've factored that in. I don't think there was a change from the December Analyst Day. How are you viewing that C-store business?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Well, I think net-net, the guide is still the same. There's movement there, but then there's move – Walmart is a big driver of Refrigeration sales for all of us. And so some movement on convenience stores sort of gets dwarfed by what Walmart is going to do or not do certainly in the display case business. But, again, just to underline, we continue to be confident in the market being up low-single digits. We're going to expand our margins 50 basis points to 100 basis points, and we try to wrap all that breaking news into our current guidance.
Walter Scott Liptak - Seaport Global Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Robert Barry of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey. I think at the Analyst Day, you adjusted the guide and I think it implied 4Q was maybe $0.06 or $0.08 lower from where it came in. So just curious was better than you expected, was it really just the weather?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: It was. It's sort of that simple.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And can you quantify how much you think the weather helped the Resi growth?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I'm not sure I put – I think we overshot the consensus revenue number by about $10 million and we overshot by $0.05 or so on EPS. To be consistent, I would tie that to weather.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Any impact either in Resi? Sorry.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Again, to repeat what I said to the earlier question I think it was cooler than we thought it would be given how warm it had been early. But again, the whole quarter was really just sort of an average coolness for winter. So as we go into 2017 I think the comps will still be fine.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Got you. Any impact from maybe some buying ahead of these price hikes either in Resi or in Commercial?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: No. I don't think so. I mean, again, we have a price increase every year January 1. So you sort of have the year-over-year window.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: There is a pull forward that happened last year too. The other point is what I mentioned earlier is January started off nice. Solid, I guess, is the word I would use. And you get concerned, maybe you pulled something for it, but I don't think that is the case. I think they just needed the product to meet demand when it got really cold.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. The Refrigeration factory loading, how much did that weigh on the margin in the quarter?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I understand the question, I'm not going to answer it directly. I think I would do this – I'd answer it this way as there was no surprises to us. We guided 200 basis points for the whole year and even in mid-December we said 200 basis points. We knew how fourth quarter was going to shake out and had built that into our plans.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. Maybe just lastly, a strategic question. Todd, I think you mentioned earlier, productivity or vitality is tracking in the 40s, maybe even near 50%. I see the benefits of that but it does also imply some fairly rapid obsolescence. Might there be an opportunity to moderate that investment just given the high level now and still have a very competitive offering?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I don't think so, Robert. I mean, in the sense of, R&D is 2%, 2.5% of our P&L, and that's the lifeblood. I don't think you can be a premium player if you can't be able to say to your customer – I mean, what we say on our Residential product is true: high sufficiency, lowest noise, best reliability, best control systems. And when you go into a town, you want to convert the premium dealers you need to be able to say that. We have industry-leading claims. That's a big part of our strategy, and if R&D was 10%, I might have a different answer. But I don't think the leverage is there. I think the difference between 1.5 point and 2 points of R&D is well worth the market share gains that we're getting that are being driven by the product innovation.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Lennox International, Inc.: And also, I'll add to that, Robert, that I think part of that vitality is also tied to lower cost products that we're continuing to use to enhance profitability.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: That's a good point.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: I see. Fair enough. Great. Thanks, guys. Congrats on another solid quarter. Take care.
Operator: It looks as if our last question is a follow-up from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Todd, just one more question for you. I usually have a pretty reasonable view of what's going on out there and I guess, we're all looking for a little bit of direction. And I don't expect a precise answer to this question, but obviously, you guys are kind of a bit in, I wouldn't say the crosshairs, but in the middle of this big debate around taxes, et cetera, et cetera. I mean, what are the – what do you think and what are the experts telling you on kind of the likelihood of this actually getting through in the end? I mean, what's kind of your high level view on the ability for them to kind of execute this in Washington?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: The honest answer is I have no idea. I think the more constructive answer is I've gotten to the point, professional and personally, that I'm not going to listen; I'm going to react what's done. And from a business point of view, I've sort of implied it in my comments or maybe even explicitly said we've scenario planned about every option we can think of. And all those options turn out to increase profitability for us. The flexibility of our manufacturing, ability to build inventory, the fact that we have low cost in South Carolina. I mean, you sort of lay it all out, what will happen will happen and we're a small flea in this overall environment. The administration or the government is going to do what it's going to do and then we'll adjust accordingly, and we have a path. We're going to continue to drive profitability and make money regardless of the scenario.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Have your experts and consultants and whoever else is running around for you, any kind of – what's your view on timing of any of this and on any related news?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: Again, I don't want to bash our experts, but maybe they read the same paper as I do. Same experts said we'd be talking about President Clinton. So I'm not sure what all that means. So, again, I try not to sort of try and read tea leaves that I know I can't read. We're ready for any scenario and we're going to be prepared.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Great. I just respect your opinion and so, I just wanted to see if there is maybe something that will differentiate what you were thinking.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I can make up an answer trying to impress you, but I don't know. We don't know.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right. I'll follow your Twitter feed, your Twitter handle there closely in the coming months. Maybe something will come out of that. All right. Thanks. Thanks a lot, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Lennox International, Inc.: I keep following that. Well, go and check, I will post it on Facegram (55:22). To wrap up, the fourth quarter is a strong finish to a record year and we have seen momentum continue into the first quarter of the new year. Overall, we expect strong growth in margin expansion in 2017 and another year of record profit and cash generation. Thank you again for joining us.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for this morning. We do thank you very much for your participation and for using our executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-17 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market Steven Tusa - JPMorgan Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company Tim Wojs - Baird Ryan Merkel - William Blair Deepa Raghavan - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Barry - Susquehanna Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Walter Liptak - Seaport Global
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's Financial Performance for the third quarter of 2016. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. In addition all comparisons mentioned today are against the prior year quarter unless otherwise noted. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com where we will also archive the webcast for replay. We'd like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Community Meeting. The event will be held the morning of Wednesday, December 14 in New York City. Please mark your calendars, invitations and more details will follow. The meeting will also be webcast. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Lennox International realized strong revenue growth in the third quarter at 6% led by 11% growth on our residential business and the company set new third quarter records for operating margin and profit. On a GAAP basis, operating income rose 24% to a third quarter record of 157 million. Non-operating margins expanded 220 basis points to a third quarter record 15.5%. Lennox International saw a strong margin expansion profit growth across all three of our businesses to set new third quarter highs for the company. Total segment profit rose 20% to a third quarter record $157 million, as total segment margin expanded 190 basis points to a third quarter record 15.6%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 32% to a third quarter record of $2.33. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 28% to third quarter record of $2.30. In our residential business, we set new third quarter records for sales, margin and profit. Segment profit was up 25% on the 11% revenue growth. Segment margin rose 230 basis points to 19.7%. Residential new construction revenue was up mid-teens and replacement revenue was up low double digits. Product mix was favorable with fewer low-end R22 dry charge and 13 SEER units sold than a year ago. This is partially offset by channel mix with new construction business continuing to grow faster than replacement business. We opened up 9 new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the third quarter and have opened 16 new stores year-to-date. The company now has a total of 202 stores open, and more than a quarter of our residential revenue flows to the stores. We're still planning a total of 213 stores by the end of 2016 and targeting 325 stores by the end of 2020. The PartsPlus stores have been enabling us to win new dealer contractors to Lennox and provide a high level of equipment and parts availability to new and existing dealers. The stores are key element on our market share gains strategies. Turning to our commercial business, revenue was up 2%, commercial margin and profit hit new record levels. Segment profit rose 9% as commercial margin expanded 130 basis points to 19.5%. North America commercial revenue was up low single digits. We saw a mid-single digit growth in replacement business while new construction revenue was down low single digits. National account equipment revenue was down slightly in the quarter. We continue to see strong wins for new national account customers, seven more wins in the third quarter. New national account customers include property, financial telecommunications and service firms, as well as restaurants. Year-to-date we have won business for 27 new national accounts. On the services side, national account services saw mid-single digit revenue growth in the third quarter. Non national account revenue was up low single digits and we continue to see strong growth in our VRF business in North America. In Europe commercial HVAC revenue was down low single digits. In refrigeration revenue was down 2% for the quarter primarily on the timing of national account business and soft market conditions in Europe. From a regional perspective of constant currency, Europe was down mid-single digits. North America, Australia, South America and Asia were down low single digits. Refrigeration revenue was up 3% at constant currency year-to-date and we continue to expect revenue to be up in the fourth quarter. Refrigeration and profit rose 13% in the third quarter and segment margin expanded 160 basis points to 12.3%. For the full year, we continue to expect refrigeration margin to be up about 200 basis points from the prior-year. For the company overall 2016, our underlying market expectations for the year remain the same. We are well-positioned to continue to capitalize on market growth and drive company initiative for share gains. We are raising 2016 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations based on the company's strong operational performance and outlook. We continue to expect strong margin expansion and profit growth as momentum continues and we close out another record year. Now I'll turn it over to Joe Reitmeier.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year starting with residential heating and cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was a third quarter record $573 million which was up 11%. Volume was up 10% and pricing mix combined was up 1% on a revenue basis. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. Residential segment profit was a third quarter record $113 million and that was up 25%. Segment profit margin was a third quarter record 19.7% up 230 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher rent, higher volume, favorable price mix, lower material costs and higher factory productivity. Partial offsets included investments in SG&A, distribution expansion and other product costs. Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. Commercial revenue was $251 million in the third quarter which was up 2%. Volume was up 2% and pricing mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. North America commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up low single digits while European HVAC revenue was down low single digits. Commercial segment profit was a record $49 million and that was up 9%. Segment profit margin was a record 19.5% up 130 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher volume, lower material costs and lower freight costs. Partial offsets included factory productivity and other product costs and investments in SG&A. In our refrigeration segment revenues in the third quarter was $186 million and that was down 2%. Volume was down 1% and pricing mix combined was down 1% and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth and constant currency. On a reported basis South America was up mid-single digits, Australia was up low single digits, North America was down low single digits, and Europe and Asia were both down mid-single digits. Segment profit was $23 million and that was up 13%. Segment profit margin was 12.3% and that was up 160 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by lower material costs, lower factory costs and higher productivity with partial offsets included lower volume, unfavorable price mix, unfavorable foreign exchange and higher SG&A. Regarding special items in the third quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $200,000. This amount included a gain of $700,000 for the net change in unrealized gains on unsettled futures contracts and a charge of $400,000 for restructuring activities and $500,000 charges for other items net. Corporate expenses were $27 million in the third quarter compared to $24 million in the prior year quarter. Overall SG&A was $157 million in the third quarter compared to $144 million in the prior quarter. Net cash from operations in the third quarter was $148 million compared to $159 million in the prior year quarter. In the third quarter of this year the company had a $50 million use of cash for discretionary pension contributions. Capital spending was $18 million in the third quarter compared to $14 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was $130 million compared to $145 million in the third quarter a year ago. We ended the third quarter with approximately $1.1 billion of total debt and had a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.1. We paid $90 million in dividends in the third quarter and paid $100 million in conjunction with an accelerated share repurchase program being executed over the third and fourth quarters. And at the end of September, cash and cash equivalents were $48 million. That will review our outlook for 2016. Our underlying market assumptions remain unchanged. For the industry overall, we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North American commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect North America refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits. With the quarter to go in the year, we are now nearing our guidance for 2016 revenue growth from a range of 3% to 7% to a range of 4% to 6%. We still expect foreign exchange to be neutral to revenue on a full-year basis. We are updating our guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations to a full-year range - from our full year range of $6.45 to $6.85 to a new range of $6.25 to $6.45. The new range incorporates special items to-date and the impact for approximate $20 million after-tax or $30 million pretax non-cash pension charge expected in the fourth quarter. This relates to our ongoing strategy to de-risk our pension plan obligations. In the fourth quarter, we expect to complete a one-time lump sum pension buyout for certain vested participants. This action is expected to reduce the company's pension obligations by approximately $50 million. Looking more on an operational basis, we are raising guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the full year from a range of $6.50 to $6.90 to a new range of $6.75 to $6.95 based on the company's performance year-to-date and outlook. Let me now walk you through the drivers to our guidance and the puts and takes for 2016. We still expect a $45 million benefit from commodities and price combined. Within this total we are raising the commodity savings from $35 million to $40 million and fine tuning the price benefit from $10 million to $5 million. In addition, foreign exchange is now expected to be a $5 million headwind for the year versus prior guidance for $10 million headwind. Other guidance points they are changing. We now expect a $45 million benefit from sourcing and engineering led cost reductions compared to prior guidance of $40 million. For corporate expense we now expect $95 million for the year compared to prior guidance of $90 million as we continue to invest in the businesses for growth. A few guidance points that remain unchanged. We still expect residential mix to be relatively flat in 2016. We continue to expect $11 million of incremental savings this year from our second plant in Mexico. Net interest expense is expected to be nearly $29 million for the full year. Our effective tax rate on a full-year basis is still expected to be approximately 31% which equates to about 34% rate for the fourth quarter. Looking beyond 2016 to future years, we expect approximately a 32% effective tax rate. The weighted average diluted share count guidance for 2016 overall remains approximately 44 million shares. We continue to target capital expenditures at $95 million for the full year and our free cash flow target remains approximately $200 million for 2016. And with that let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll first go to the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Market. Go ahead please.
Jeff Hammond: Good morning, guys. Can you maybe just - incrementals continue to be strong. You bumped up your commodity number. How are you thinking about that into the fourth quarter and then just price cost into 2017? I know you announced some price increases here recently.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we think the momentum continues in fourth quarter. As we talked about before we had pretty good visibility to our commodity cost, and have hedged them out or have negotiated them out on the steel side. We saw a mix up in Resi in third quarter and we think that continues as we go in the fourth quarter. So fourth quarter setting up nicely from a margin viewpoint. For 2017 maybe I'll just answer more than you ask for - Jeff, I'll just talk about 2017 maybe a bit more broadly and cover the points you asked. We'll have the Analyst Day in December but just a couple of comments. Our end markets we had nice momentum this year and low to mid single-digit range of end market growth and while there are always risks, we don't see anything today that alters that ranges we're on 2017. In addition, we're winning in the marketplace in North America residential and commercial unitary markets, half a point or more market share gains and we think that continues as we go into '17. We've had nice material cost reduction this year, and we recently is in our current guidance raised that by another $5 million to $45 million. More typically, we're $30 million to $40 million of savings, and that's you should expect us to deliver next year. There's going to be a $5 million of benefit in 2017 from things we've announced already in Mexico. Specifically, on the question you asked for commodities, at this point, we expect copper and aluminum to be a tailwind, so a net benefit and steel will be a headwind. But prices have moved around. I mean, spot prices went for the coal rolled we buy, went spot prices - it's not all we pay, but spot prices went from about $5.25 to as high as $8.35 when we had the last call. But it's been coming back down, and now it's around $715, so down from $8.35 to $7.15. So for this headwind in steel, we think we can cover with price increases next year. We've already announced the price increase in Commercial of about 5% for next year. And as we get closer to the end of the year, we'll announce something similar in Resi. So the company has good momentum, and we expect another strong year in 2017.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just a quick follow-on, you said it's some softness in Europe and some of the international markets. Just talk about what's driving that and how you're thinking about that, prospectively?
Todd Bluedorn: In Europe, we have 40% or so of our business is what we call emerging markets, Eastern Europe, Middle East and North Africa, and so some of the headline risks, geopolitical risks in those markets are well known. And so we've had some drawback there. But overall in our core markets, France, Germany, things remain solid. And so we had a quarter where we dipped down, but we're still again, I think it's going to be a flattish market, slightly up as we go into 2017.
Jeff Hammond: Thanks a lot.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Steven Tusa with JPMorgan. Go ahead please.
Steven Tusa: Hi, guys good morning. I guess, wondering about price, you tweaked down price again this quarter. What's going on there? Is that just kind of they have the comps to play down? Maybe timing of price increases last year? I'm just curious as to why you guys are tweaking that down.
Todd Bluedorn: Overall, we still remain confident on price. I think it just reflects the issue or the fact that FX was less of a headwind than what we thought. So our ability to get price in Canada, we sort of came to a conclusion that when that FX has moved our way, it's hard to sort of pass that price on. And also, the commodity inputs, we continue to sort of release increasing positive news on commodities. On 14 SEER pricing, it's been expected or has been expected. And as I talked about with Jeff, we're sort of positioned to announce price increases for next year. So I wouldn't read too much into the price other than its hard when you have such a benefit from commodities and minimal headwind from FX to be too aggressive on price, and that's sort of what we're reflecting.
Steven Tusa: Got it. And what do you think the end market growth rate was in the third quarter for Resi? Because you said you took a little bit of share at 11%. What do you think the end market did?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't - we studied and try and specifically called that we gained share. I think what I said is, on a rolling 12-month basis and over a longer term, we're clearly gaining share. I'm not sure what their quarter is going to be. Again, it's whether you look at HARDI or whether you look at AHRI, there are sort of timing implications to both of those, so we'll see. I think we had a nice quarter.
Steven Tusa: Okay. And then anything about the heating season that's coming up in the fourth quarter that's unusual, whether it's last year's weather or regulations? You have some time these heating seasons can bump around a bit and anything unusual here in the fourth quarter to keep our minds on?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the only thing to keep everyone understand this last year, it was a warm fourth quarter. So if we have cooler weather or more normalized weather that should be a net positive, that's in our guide. We're off to a solid start. October's a shorter season. It's been warm, which we needed to now turn cold. But we're off to a nice start. And again, as if we can grow on a year-over-year basis, furnaces that has a positive mix impact, and again, that's in the guide, but that can help - that will help us in the fourth quarter also.
Steven Tusa: Sorry, then one more. You talked about backlog in Commercial in the past. How does the backlog look in your Commercial business?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't have that note in front of me. What I would say, though, is we were up low single digits in Commercial in Q3 and we had some headwind from Walmart. Walmart aside, our national account business was up double-digits and our non-national account business was up low single digits. And we expect that momentum to continue in fourth quarter. Not with Walmart, I think their travails are sort of well known but all these national account customers that we're winning are coming to fruition and we have some nice momentum as we go into Q4.
Steven Tusa: Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Gautam Khanna with Cowen and Company. Go ahead please.
Gautam Khanna: Yes, thanks. Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about your expectations for the Walmart mix next year. Is there a chance that actually improves? And when will you actually know?
Todd Bluedorn: We'll know a lot more as we get closer to 2017. And so we'll have to wait and see and it cuts across both our business or both our Commercial businesses both HVAC and Refrigeration. And they clearly announced on their earnings call, I believe it's their earnings call or at least on a call, that new stores were down pretty significantly. We understand that, what they're doing on. But they also announced that they were going to increase spending on CapEx for replacements, and we're still just working through with them all the details. So in December, we'll probably give a little bit more guide on what we expect for that mix of business.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And just at a high level, you gave some of the inputs for '17. Knowing what you know now with the commodity movements and the like, is there any reason that the 30% incremental framework off of what is a tough comp this year isn't in place for 2017? It sounds like many of the things you described support that 30% framework even next year.
Todd Bluedorn: I think plus or minus, I've said in the past that given sort of our over-delivery this year that we might have a drawback in the outlying years but still be on track for a three year 30%. I mean, where I sit today, plus or minus 30% drop through for 2017 feels pretty good.
Gautam Khanna: And will you comment on '19 as well when the December guide comes around?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we will. I mean, if you play out where we are in our businesses, we're already well into the margin targets for 2018 already in 2017. So we'll touch those up in next or in December.
Gautam Khanna: Thanks a lot, Todd.
Operator: We'll go next to the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hi guys, good morning. I guess just on - I'm going to try to tie a couple of things together. I don't know if you'll answer it. But if volume trends into next year, there's not really any trend and you guys should expect to get some pricing to offset commodities, is the implication that revenue growth can accelerate in 2017?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it could. I mean in one way to think about it is our revenue grew 6% in third quarter that accelerated over the first half of the year. So I think when there's a more of an inflationary environment as long as the underlying demand stays in place, if we mix up, we price up and we gain volume, yes, it could. But I mean, there's a lot of cross occurrence going right now. I mean, I think that's most - our most comfortable answer for Residential. I think in the Commercial and Refrigeration end markets, there's moving pieces, including some large customers like Walmart, as well as just underlying demand. So that's a long song and dance to say I'm not going to directly answer your question other than to say, the tone of my comments for 2017 were to exhibit confidence, things are trending well, our end markets feel solid and we feel like we're gaining share.
Tim Wojs: Okay. And then just a bigger-picture question with just some of the stuff that's come out with the Montreal Protocol over the weekend, the transition away from HFCs, I mean, how do you see that impacting Lennox's business longer term?
Todd Bluedorn: For the broader audience, there was a conference, I think over - I think it was over the weekend in Rwanda. There was an extension of the Montreal Protocols. As you may recall, the Montreal Protocols initially had a drawdown for HCFCs, which was R-22, and 2020 was the end date. And it's basically out of our industry as of today as we sit today. And Rwanda was an extension to focus on HFC refrigerant, which is 410A, which is a major refrigerant in our product lines. I think the points I'd make was expected. We knew that we're very close to it. In fact, we're supportive of it. We think it's the right to do for the environment and quite frankly the right thing to do for our industry. We have options, technology in place that we're fine-tuning both with our refrigerant suppliers and our compressor suppliers. And then the third point is just the timing of the implementation although I'm not totally clear as we make sure we understand the total agreement as, this is really a decade off before it has any significant impact on our business. So this is mid-2020s. I think the draw down starts in 2019 overall but before it really starts to impact our businesses by mid-2020 so it’s a decade or so away and we'll be well positioned when it happens.
Tim Wojs: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: We'll now go to line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Just want to go back to October. You said it was a good start, but was there any impact from the hurricane, any branch closures? Is it going to have any impact on October?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean there may have been a few branch closures but it won't have any impact on October. Certainly it won't have any impact on the quarter.
Ryan Merkel: Right. Okay. And then new commercial construction was down in the quarter. Is there any end markets that stand out and any early thoughts on 2017?
Todd Bluedorn: No, nothing other than I said, I mean part of the driver I talked about Walmart, Walmart does a lot of new construction. So I think in some ways the Venn diagram overlap on my commentary on new construction. So the short answer was mainly for the biggest driver was the retail vertical. To go into 2017, we will true up the guidance but both our momentum, customers we’re winning, and sort of the call that says, we’re up low single digits this year and my commentary that as we stand now we’re pricing that continues in the next year. We'll true-up the guidance on specifically on some of sub- segments in December.
Ryan Merkel: Okay. And just quickly, the pushed-out national account business in refrigeration, what caused that? Can you size it for us and does it hit in the fourth quarter, or is it next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think some of it pushes into 2017. I think the point I would make would be, at least where we sit right now, we think refrigeration revenue will be up in fourth quarter and that’s after some decent comps last year fourth quarter and it was just some big business - a big piece of Walmart quite frankly that pushed out and some - and we don't see that until '17 or better stated or sort of pulled out the system maybe. And then some of the other national accounts got pushed from third to fourth quarter and we’ll see the benefit then. So I think the message I would leave you with is, at least right now we think we’re going to be up those digits or so on refrigeration revenue and again that's early in the quarter so that maybe move up or down.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Go ahead please.
Deepa Raghavan: Good morning. This is Deepa Raghavan for Rich Kwas. North American non-residential outlook, you addressed this a little bit for your market. There is serious concern it's slowing down. You mentioned retail is slowing just given your Walmart exposure, but any other color you could share across other verticals, especially institutional or any other commercial verticals?
Todd Bluedorn: My sense where people are more concerned about non-commercial - non-Resi in the larger buildings for we don't play large institutional, large office buildings, large government facilities, we don't play there. I mean in our verticals so that continues to slug along, low single digits we've seen in the growth. So our non-national account business we said it was up low single digits outside of Walmart we were up nicely in national accounts. So we think the verticals that we plan building three-storey and below which is retail, which is convenience, which is grocery, which is a small medical, doc-in-a-box, which is K-12. We continue you think it feels pretty solid.
Deepa Raghavan: Okay. Your implied Q4 guidance range, $1.29, $1.49, just given your recent performance, it appears pretty conservative. Could you please talk to some of the concerns that you have especially to the lower end? Why would you think it could get to $1.30? We probably can appreciate some upside to it, but just curious what your puts and takes are.
Todd Bluedorn: I think you always had a range, we live in an uncertain world. There is always weather that's in the mix there. There is a pretty controversial presidential election going on and you’re never sure what’s going to shake out on that. I mean, look, we feel pretty I mean, my tone today supposed to reflect that it was intended to reflect confidence in the business, and we feel pretty good as we go into the year or as we go in the fourth quarter. We needed to get cold, and we need consumer confidence not to be too shaken by some of the crazy statements that are being made. But again, we feel pretty good in the fourth quarter.
Deepa Raghavan: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Good morning. So 3Q revenue in Resi, was that ahead of your plan?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, the hot weather helped.
Robert Barry: Yes. How much do you think weather benefited the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: This is a non-quantified answer, Robert, but...
Robert Barry: Yes. I know it's hard to quantify but just...
Todd Bluedorn: I often said hot weather in the middle of a summer season could help, plus or minus, 5%, 10%. But I think if you take the average overall for the quarter because when you get into September as you're walking away from it, I'd say 3% or 4%, if I had to throw a dart.
Robert Barry: Got you. Like three to four points of the growth.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Robert Barry: Got you. Okay. So maybe just following up on the last question, it sounds like with the midpoint of the revenue outlook unchanged despite this stronger result here, it's just maybe some added caution about the warm start to the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I also think it has to just do with the round on a four-year guide when you get to the end, right? So if you take three to seven and compare it to four to six, the four to six is actually a higher number than the three to seven, does that make sense just because of the realm what's underneath it.
Robert Barry: I see. Okay. Do you think that the peak for price cost was in 2Q, or that happened this quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it was probably the high point was Q2. I mean, just given the 100% drop through. I mean, we had a great drop through this quarter but wasn't 100%.
Robert Barry: Yes. Given your commentary on price cost in the last few months and the fact that steel has come off, it almost sounds like if we snapped the line now, maybe price cost could even be a slight positive next year? Is that right?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, if you include are you including material cost reductions or just commodities versus price?
Robert Barry: I guess, however you want to say it, commodities versus price.
Todd Bluedorn: Well, if you include - if commodities versus price, I think we'll try to single that we can cover commodities with price even when it was at $8.35. And so now that it's come back, I think you can draw some conclusions so that it could positive, love to see in and material cost reduction is clearly up above and beyond that and Mexico's clearly above and beyond that.
Robert Barry: Right, right. You referenced in an earlier question about the price outlook ticking down. I think you referenced pressure from the SEER 14 repricing. How much of a headwind is that? Is that most of the reduction?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, I, let me say it let me restate my answer to that question in the way I meant to say it, which is sort of the tick down in our pricing guidance for the full year was really driven by the fact that commodities continue to be such a large benefit for us. We thought they would start to decrease second half of the year and that therefore, we'll be able to get more price.  And then also specifically in Canada, we thought FX would be a significantly greater headwind than it's turned out to be, and we recently and we just reduced our FX headwind from $10 million to $5 million. So, when you have your costs going down, it's just harder to get price and so that's what it's reflecting. So net-net between commodities and price, we're getting $45 million of pricing and commodities. That's a pretty good number.
Robert Barry: Got you. And maybe just lastly, the corporate line is ticking up. I guess it makes sense to invest a little more now given times are good. Could that be a nice tailwind next year? Would we expect that to kind of tick back down again in that corporate line?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I would - I'd expect it could tick down a little bit. Just a couple of things. It's investments we're making for growth and then it's when you have a nice year, a nice quarter, then it's incentive comp gets spiked up and then for the next, your zero baseline.
Robert Barry: Right, make sense. Great, thanks congrats on the solid quarter guys. 
Operator: We have a question from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Julian Mitchell: Thanks a lot. Yes, and this is more of a question I guess for next year in the medium term, but obviously a couple of your larger U.S. Resi HVAC competitors, there are some substantial changes going on in their production footprints in the next 18 months. I just wondered what you thought the impact of that might be on industry pricing. And obviously, you have been pretty far ahead in terms of migrating your cost base in a very efficient way. Do you think that if you see a change in industry competition, you may need an acceleration in those types of measures, or what you've enacted already should be sufficient?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll take the backend first. I mean, we've said – we've consistently said we're not done moving to Mexico, and we're not. And so we'll continue to - in your words, do it in an efficient way, in a thoughtful way, in a way that we don't miss customer orders. I assume the two things you're talking about is Goodman Daikin consolidating in Houston. I don't think that changes anything. I mean, we're - we do over half our Resi in Satio, South of where they are in Houston, and we'll take our cost position versus theirs. I'm not sure that helps their costs. I assume the other one is this. I watched Trump's speeches. So he's talked about carrier quite a bit moving to Mexico. So I'm well aware of that. No I don't think it will – I think they separate cost and price. I think the way I view it is let's see them executed. It's not too easy to move a factory, and their Indianapolis factory is well-run and would see they move it to Mexico and be successful at it. And if they do all that and do all that in 18 months, then they'll make more margins. I don't think they'll pass on a price, but we'll see if they can execute. And if they don't, we'll take advantage of it with share gains. 
Julian Mitchell: Very clear. And then my second question would just be circling back on the refrigeration segment. Obviously, it's been choppy organic trends this year quarter-to-quarter. When you think over all just medium-term growth rates, do you think of a low single digit rate is appropriate in terms of when you are thinking about your cost base? And also I think you talked about some SG&A increases in spending in refrigeration in Q3. Maybe give us some color as to where you are investing in that business as clearly there is a lot of pricing pressure.
Todd Bluedorn: I think we have to make significant investments or we have made significant investments in taking costs out of the business. So you may invest in SG&A, but then you drive costs and COGS other places, and that's what we've been doing. We also know that we have to make investments to serve our customers so e-commerce, online tools, things that we have to do to automate the business for our long-term market shares success. I think if you look sort of at a macro refrigeration for that markets we play at something equivalent to GDP over time. But I think there's chunkiness to our business. I mean, we have an overexposure quite frankly to Walmart, so that has some impact on any given quarter and we've especially in our Kysor/Warren business, I've talked how we're focusing on diversifying that, and we are. So I think there's some ups and downs in Refrigeration. But some of our larger Refrigeration competitors, like Dover, have talked about the pressures on the market maybe more as a macro comment, we're more concerned about the micro-winning customers, serving our customers. And if we do all that, I think we'll be fine with what the end markets are doing.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research. Go ahead please.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi good morning guys. Todd, just in your earlier comments on look at share over a 12-month period, I'm wondering if you can break that out for us; how you guys have trended year to date. I think depending on whether or not you look at HARDI or HRI, it looks like, I guess just on the surface, maybe some underperformance. Is that just a year-to-date issue and if I do look back over the last two years, you feel like it's been more consistent, or anything that you can point out that would help to maybe bridge the difference?
Todd Bluedorn: I found the best and some of this day that you won't have, but we found the best way to look at share over time is rolling 12-month at HRI data, where you look at unit shipments. And so you take out price, you take out mix and you just look at unit shipments. And we're 12 months roll we're gaining share and we have for the last four or five years in Residential.  In Commercial, we're flat to slightly down on a 12-month roll and that just reflects quite frankly the Walmart business, when you adjust for Walmart. We look good there also.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you. And I think, obviously, a lot of attention paid this quarter especially to the weather strength and maybe to some extent the weather weakness in 2Q. But if you had to roll it all up into I guess a non-scientific opinion, do you feel like, on net, having gone through all the season at this point that it was normal weather, just maybe a little asymmetric, or kind of a net tailwind?
Todd Bluedorn: I haven't…
Josh Pokrzywinski: If you want to be scientific, that's fine too.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I understand. I mean, I think net-net, it's like we'd rather have blistering heat in May, June and July than we would in July, August and early September, and I think that's the trade we made this year. All that being said, we'll take what we get, but if I model next year, I would think first half of the year, we have favorable comps. Third quarter, we have some headwind on a weather comp and we'll see how fourth quarter plays out.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. And just one last one. More broadly, it doesn't sound like you are seeing any signs of this from a pricing perspective, but you guys have been consistent share winners really since you took over back in 2006, Todd. And I guess in that environment, especially with the industry margins here pretty high, what gives you the confidence that you don't see some of the repeats of what your competitors had done a cycle and two cycles ago in terms of ruining that margin environment through price maybe to reclaim some of that share, or do they try to reclaim share in other non-price ways?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's an industry structure that's always allowed very higher margins. I mean, even in the last cycles, we weren't the margin leaders but from public documents carrier and train and Resi had high teens and unitary had similar margins. Over the long period of time, people talked about Goodman lowering prices and competing with price, but every time they sell the business, they show publicly that they have 15% operating margin so they don't know how to make money. So I mean, I don't as long as the industry structure's as it is, it's a handful of competitors selling to thousands of dealer contractor customers with consolidated supply base so we can leverage against each other, I think we continue to make good margins. Since I don't think price will be the way people will go, I think they'll try and innovate to compete against us, but I think we have made significant investments over a multiyear time period both on our product innovation and our support to the channel, think e-commerce, think LennoxPROs and the things we do online. We made significant investments in distribution over a multiyear period, and it continues. Those are investments that are hard to compete against, unless you want to do the same thing for a very long period of time and we'll see whether our competitors do that.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got it, appreciate the color. Thanks guys.
Operator: We'll now go to the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS. Go ahead please.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys. Maybe just on mix, the SEER shift and the Walmart stuff has been front and center. Anything else as we are thinking into 2017 that we should keep in mind in terms of mix when you look across the three businesses that's going to go either for you or against you?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think the one thing I'd think about is traditionally, what's happened is when you snap -and I think it's ties to the 14 SEER point, when you snap the line on the new minimum efficiency, you then sort of have a baseline that the premium players start to mix up from there. And I think we'll probably see some of that in '17 and beyond, all things being equal. So again, we've demonstrated that we know how to mix up in Resi, we know how to mix up in our quite frankly, in our other businesses, too, and I think it will continue in '17.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. And then maybe just on this pension decision, what drove the choice to do that now and what are the mechanics from a cash flow and P&L standpoint as we look forward?
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. When you look the rationale behind it was once some of our tax initiatives afford us the opportunity to efficiently repatriate some cash from our international subsidiaries than we thought it was the prudent thing to do would be to contribute that to the pension plans in 2016. Along with that, we've had a continued effort to continue to de-risk our pension plan. So a combination of making that contribution along with the buyout that we announced as well will give us an effort, an opportunity to reduce our pension obligations and more effectively manage the asset liabilities going forward. So looking forward what the implications there are, our pension expense in 2016 was a little more than or just under $7 million, and we should get a little bit of a benefit as a result to making the contribution and reducing the obligation going forward. And we'll talk more about the implications of that going forward. But it should provide us a slight benefit in 2017 and beyond.
Todd Bluedorn: Then I'll jump in and maybe I'm the only one who has the tendency to get confused on these sort of things. I think we try to make it very clear in the press release but two actions taken, as Joe talked about. And the numbers both start with five, so it gets confusing. But one was independent of anything else was we paid down our pension with a $50 million contribution. The second item we did was we bought out people with lump-sum payments, two different actions that have two different P&L and balance sheet implications.
Joe Reitmeier: I mean, get it all under the rubric of derisking pension plans.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. And then, Shannon, in the fourth quarter, you'll see an approximate $20 million non-cash net charge for the implication of the buyout program, that's in essence us expensing deferred losses on the pension plan.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. All right, that helps. Thank you.
Operator: We have a question in queue from the line of Steven Tusa with JPMorgan. Go ahead please.
Steven Tusa: Hi guys. Just two quick follow-ups. Buyback appetite for next year, what is the current status now that you've rounded out the other program, what's the current view on buybacks?
Todd Bluedorn: Look, I'm going to tell you what you know, but I mean, we're not going to give a number right now. But what I would do is I'd model 2017 P&L. I'd model cash flow at 100% of net income. I would say that we're not going to de-lever and that we said we're going to be between 1.5 and 2 and so just lay it out and we'll have dividends grow with earnings. We'll do an acquisition if it makes sense, but it's been a while since we've done it. And in lieu of that, we'll do share buyback.
Joe Reitmeier: And one thing on to that, capital expenditures will probably be similar to what they were in 2016 as well.
Steven Tusa: Okay. And then when you guys reengineer a product and you make it smaller with less material, how do you account for that in the bridge? Is that part of the sourcing savings or does that come through in better core incremental margin because I assume that you don't give all those savings away obviously to the customers in price?
Todd Bluedorn: Typically, it's material cost reduction, and so we can measure...
Steven Tusa: Got it, so it's part of the initiatives?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. If we can quantify it and see the target and shoot at them, we put it in MCR.
Steven Tusa: Got it. Sorry, one last one. You made some comments on non-res. Maybe if you could just talk about - do you think you have a good window to the applied area, or are you much more talking about what you are seeing in your unitary business when you talk about the different verticals or do many of these run together now with VRF, et cetera?
Todd Bluedorn: I was really - I may have stepped past what I should have said. Our visibility to what we do, and it's fine. I was just reacting to, I don't want to put words and I forget you asked the question. There's almost sort of breathless, non-res is trembling are you concerned? And so I assumed the question I heard there from others. And the verticals we play in, it's not trembling. And while we're always concerned, it's sort of holding up nicely.
Steven Tusa: Yes, okay. Awesome, thanks a lot.
Operator: And we'll go to the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Go ahead please.
Walter Liptak: I just got a couple of quick ones. On the sourcing engineering, you kind of touched on it with the last question, but as you think about that, what inning do you think we are with designing out costs and becoming more efficient on design of products?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think we just continue to sort of do it. I mean, I joke with the team that I was at UTC for 15 years and sort of the cost reduction train never ever stop. I assume it continues to run even though I'm not there and so we've been at this six or seven years and it continues. I mean, we've gone much better at things like competition, analytics, our ability to model systems and quickly cut in changes where in the past, it might take a year or two a field trials. We're able to cut in changes in major components and subassemblies and new systems much quicker and look at different options. We're able to use software rather than hardware. We're able to use aluminum rather than copper. And so we're still - lots of material cost reductions still in front of us.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right. That's great. So you haven't really called it out too much - answered quickly on the hurricane-related question, so I am reluctant to ask this, but I will anyways. What percentage of revenue is in those affected states and any thoughts on the flooding that's gone on down there? They are going to have to rebuild and there's going to be, I guess, insurance proceeds at some point. Maybe any thoughts on how that impacts 2017?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. We haven't quantified it. So I haven't gone through and sort of asked the team in Coastal Florida and Coastal Carolina what was the impact, what's our best guess. I mean Florida is obviously a big market, Carolina is a big market. Some of it will flow through but I don't know - we're not sitting internally sort of counting all the sales, we’re going to get because of that. I think it will sort of rounding number but it's good question and you're second person to ask it, in December will have a better view on that and I think it's material will talk about it.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. 
Operator: And we have no further questions in queue at this time.
Todd Bluedorn: Great thanks. A few points to leave you with. The company set new third quarter highs for margin and profit on strong revenue growth in the quarter. We are raising 2016 guidance for adjusted EPS based on the company's performance year-to-date and outlook. With continued momentum we remain focused on driving performance and closing out another record year with strong margin expansion and profit growth. Thank you all for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude your conference call for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-18 09:30:00) =====
Executive: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO 
Analyst: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Ryan Merkel - William Blair Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities  Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Partners Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Robert McCarthy - Stifel Nicolaus Gautam Khanna - Cowen and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's Financial Performance for the Second Quarter of 2016. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Lennox International realized strong margin expansion and profit growth across all three of our businesses in the second quarter to set new record highs for the company.  On a GAAP basis, operating income rose 23% to a record 161 million, and operating margin expanded 260 basis points to a record 15.8%. The total segment profit rose 20% to a record 161 million, as total segment margin expanded 230 basis points to a record 15.8% in the said quarter. Revenue was up 3%, negatively impacted by the cooler start to the summer in which April and May cooling degree days were down nearly 20% from last year.  Weather turned warmer in June and has remained warmer so far in July for a good start to the third quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is up 41% in the second quarter to a record $2.52, adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 38% in the quarter to a record $2.53.  Now residential business in the second quarter, we set new records for sales, margin and profit. Segment profit was up 16% on 4% revenue growth, segment margin rose 220 basis points to a record 20.2%. On the operations front, we continue to see a smooth regulatory transition from 13 to 14 SEER minimum efficiency in the south and southwest regions of the United States. And 14 SEER pricing has been in line with what we expected in our financial guidance.  The regulatory transition was complete at the end of June, since no more 13 SEER air conditioners can be sold or installed in the south and southwest. Our overall residential mix was impacted by channel mix, as residential new construction and national account business grew faster than replacement business. Residential new construction revenue was up low double-digits again this quarter, compared to a mid-single digit growth in the replacement business. Regarding distribution expansion, we opened five new Lennox parts plus stores in the second quarter to total 193 stores. We are on track to open 27 new stores and end the year at 213 stores. These stores have been enabling us to win new dealer contract to Lennox and gain market share, as well as provide a high level of equipment parts availability to new and existing dealers in the market.  Turning to our commercial business, revenue was flat compared to the strong prior year quarter, in which we were up 10% at constant currency. Commercial margin and profit set record highs, segment profit rose 10% as commercial margin expanded a 170 basis points to 18.7%.  In North America, commercial equipment revenue was flat at constant currency. Non-national account revenue was up low single digits and national account revenue was down low single digits. We continue to see strong wins for new national account customers with 10 more wins in the second quarter to bring the total to 20 already this year. On the service side, national account service revenue was up low-single digits and Europe commercial HVAC equipment revenue was relatively flat. In refrigeration, revenue was up 6% at constant currency in the second quarter. From a regional perspective of constant currency, North America was up mid-single digits, Australia was up low-single digits, Europe was up mid-teens, South America was down high single digits and Asia was up more than 30%.  Refrigeration profit rose 60% on the prior quarter, as segment margin expanded 390 basis points to 11.1%. For the year in refrigeration, we now expect segment margin to be up about 200 basis points versus our previous guidance to be up a 100 basis points. Overall for 2016 our underlying market expectations for the year remained consistent despite some head-winded time some weather in the first half. We are reiterating revenue growth guidance on a reported basis, with foreign exchange now expected to be neutral and a raising guidance for EPS from continuing operations. We have recently raised the dividend, completed our previous 200 million stock share repurchase program, and today announced new $100 million stock repurchase program for the second half of the year.  We are excited about the second half and continue to expect another record year with strong margin expansion and profit [Technical Difficulty] were set from the prior quarter. Segment profit margin was a record 20.2% up 220 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher volume and lower material costs with partial offsets from unfavorable foreign exchange and investments in SG&A and distribution expansion.  Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business; commercial revenue was $253 million in the second quarter that was flat compared to the second quarter a year ago. Volume was down 1% and pricing mix combined was up 1% and foreign exchange was neutral to revenue.  North America commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was flat, while Europe commercial HVAC revenue was also flat. Commercial segment profit was a record $47 million which was up 10% from the prior quarter. Segment profit margin was a record 18.7% and that was up 170 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by lower material cost and favorable price mix, with partial offsets from lower volume, unfavorable foreign exchange and investment to support growth in the commercial services business.  In our refrigeration segment, revenue in the second quarter was $192 million and that was up 4%. Volume was up 7% and pricing mix combined was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, North America was up mid-single digits, Australia was down low-single digits, Europe was up mid-teens, South America was down more than 20%, and Asia was up nearly 30%.  Segment profit was $21 million which was up 60% from the prior quarter. Segment profit margin was 11.1% and that was up 390 basis points. Segment profit was impacted by higher volume, lower material costs and lower factory cost and higher productivity. Commercial offsets included unfavorable price mix and foreign exchange.  Regarding special items in the second quarter, the company had net after tax charges of $300,000. This amount included 1.4 million for restructuring and other items net and a $1.1 million special legal contingency gain.  Corporate expenses were $24 million in the second quarter, compared to $22 million in the prior quarter. Overall SG&A was $159 million in the second quarter, compared to 153 million in the prior year quarter. Net cash from operations in the second quarter was $72 million, compared to 70 million in the second quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $18 million, up from $15 million in the prior year quarter. And free cash flow was $54 million in the second quarter, compared to $55 million in the prior year quarter.  We ended the second quarter with a total debt of approximately 1.1 billion and had a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.2. We paid $16 million of dividends in the second quarter and at the end of June cash and cash equivalents were $55 million. Now to review our outlook for 2016; while the first half of the year has seen some headwind from weather at times at our markets, looking at what we expect for the full year, our unrelying market assumption ranges remain unchanged. For the overall industry, we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North American commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits, and we expect North American refrigeration shipments to be up low-single digits.  We continue to expect revenue growth of 3% to 7% for LII overall this year and now we expect foreign exchange to have a mutual impact versus our prior expectations for a negative one point impact. At constant currency for 2016, revenue growth guidance is now 3% to 7% compared to prior guidance of 4% to 8%.  We are raising our guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations for the full year from a range of $6.26 to $6.76 to a new range of $6.45 to $6.85. We are raising guidance from a just EPS from continuing operations for the full year from a range of $6.30 to $6.80 to a new range of $6.50 to $6.90 excluding $0.05 of special items in the first half.  The higher EPS range reflects the company’s strong operational performance and outlook, as well as a lower effective tax rate. As I mentioned last quarter, we have structurally reorganized an international subsidiaries for our businesses today. As a result, we are able to utilize foreign tax credits and other benefits that drive our effective tax rate down.  Much of the benefit from the foreign tax credits come in the second quarter and these were a benefit on top of the operational outperformance in the quarter. For the full year, we now expect a lower effective tax rate of 31% versus prior guidance of 32%. To give you more color, we expect our third quarter tax rate to be approximately 32% and our fourth quarter tax rate to be approximately 34% to get to the 31% rate on a full year basis. Looking beyond 2016 to future years, we expect approximately a 32% effective tax rate.  An additional benefit of the tax reorganization is our ability to repatriate cash generated in prior periods in a tax efficient manner. We plan to repatriate $50 million in cash from our foreign subsidiaries and contribute the $50 million to our pension plans in 2016. The 50 million in cash was generated in prior periods that we now intend to use in 2016. As a result, we are adjusting our free cash flow target to reflect our use of the cash this year.  Our free cash flow target will now be $200 million for 2016, versus the 250 million previously provided.  Let me now walk you through other drivers of our guidance and the puts and takes for 2016. Starting with the guidance points that are changing beyond those already discussed, foreign exchange is now expected to be a $10 million headwind for the year, versus the prior guidance of $20 million headwind.  We now expect $40 million benefit from sourcing and engineering led cost reduction, actions compared to prior guidance of 35 million. And we now expect a $45 million benefit from commodities and price combined compared to $40 million benefit in the previous guidance. Within this total, we are raising the commodity savings from 25 million to 35 million and fine tuning the price benefit from 15 to 10 million. We are also fine tuning the guidance for residential mix for a $5 million benefit to relatively flat in 2016, driven by channel mix. We have seen double-digit growth in new constructions so far this year compared to a mid-single digit growth in replacement business. For corporate expenses, we now expect $90 million for the year compared to prior guidance of $85 million, as we continue to invest in the businesses for growth.  A few guidance points that have not changed; we still expect $11 million of incremental savings this year from our second plant in Mexico. We still assume net interest of approximately $29 million for the year. The weighted average diluted share count guidance for the full year remains approximately 44 million shares. And finally, we continue to target capital expenditures at approximately $95 million for the full year.  And with lets go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond from KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Hammond: Just on the raw material, it looks like you are bumping up the commodity savings. Just speak to that, what’s driving that? We’re seeing some inflation on steel and may be how should we think about that in to the second half. 
Todd Bluedorn: In our prior guidance we had assumed that the spot price of copper and aluminum would go up during the second half of the year and impact the part of our positions that remained unhedged. That’s not been the case so far, and so it’s good news on the copper and aluminum side. Steel pricing we have locked down, except between now and the end of the year.  Thinking about 2017, if spot prices would remain flat at this point, steel would be a pretty significant headwind for us next year partially offset by copper and aluminum. But we have to see how commodity prices continue to develop in the second half, but if steel are up year-over-year next year, which it looks like it will be, than we will go out to the market and raise price to offset it just like we have in the past. 
Jeff Hammond: On the commercial business, certainly good first quarter and then a flatter second quarter, do you think of that as lumpiness, was your emergency replacement impacted by weather? Just what are you seeing from a trend standpoint there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think its predominantly lumpiness. So what we talked about in the call or on the script was our non-national account business, which is sort of all the verticals besides national account just up low-single digits. [Emphatically], I would tell you emergency replacement which is a subset of that was up mid-single digits after being up double digits in first quarter. Weather had some impact on emergency replacement, and I think why we were only up mid-single digits rather than high or double digits. And then our national accounts business was down low-single digits in the quarter. It’s no news that Wal-Mart is going to be down this year for many of its suppliers in the HVAC or refrigeration business. Wal-Mart aside, our backlog in national accounts is up high single digits as we go in to third quarter. So we feel good about national account business in the second half of the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tim Wojs from Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Just on the cadence in the quarter, I know weather in April and maybe May was a little bit of a headwind. Did it really warm up enough in June, and how you’d define the trajectory in to right here?
Joe Reitmeier: I mean April, May of course we talked about and everybody can read the weather maps. It was cooler about 27 cooler than last year from degree cooling days. June warmed up nicely. I would tell you parenthetically, even in our business where we sell direct to dealers, when you have warm weather the last seven to 10 days of a quarter that really sort of carries you in to the next quarter, because even dealers sort of have their book out on jobs or buying the equipment a little later than when you see the weather.  We used a word in the script of strong start to Q3, and I would underline that for residential. We had some weather headwinds - in the fourth quarter we had some weather headwinds in first quarter. We had a little bit weather headwind in the second quarter, but we’re coming out of the gate strong in residential for the third quarter.
Tim Wojs: And then you’ve talked in the past about higher efficiency, cooling shipments, and I think your transition kind of threw a little bit of a wench in that metric. Is there any way to try to gauge what more minimum efficiency versus maybe ‘16 here and above?
Todd Bluedorn: We need to come out with a little better metric than what we have now. What I would give you now is almost unusable which is second quarter last year compared to second quarter this year our 14 SEER and above is up 17 point, but to you point that reflects a regulatory change. We’re going to re-calibrate this, we want to get through the summer selling season so let us get through third quarter which is part of the summer selling season and then when we get together for December analyst day, we’ll have some new metrics, and so re-calibrate people going forward on how to think about mix up. 
Tim Wojs: And then last one, the new 100 million share repurchase that’s not in guidance for the second half of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m not sure I understand the question, so let me restate it. The $100 million share buyback is contained in the guidance that we gave today. 
Tim Wojs: It is contained. Okay, great. 
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Steve Tusa: Just a quick question on - going back to kind of the raw materials dynamics. So is there any way to kind of frame this. You’re not going to have I guess 35 million bucks in commodity benefits this year and you used the term substantial. If we kind of just snap the line on where these things are today, do you averse that entire 35, my guess is the term substantial, you kind of put some emphasis on that, is that at least a good starting point. 
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll answer directly; let me ramble so that I can spin it my way in the spirit of what’s happening in Cleveland this week. For 2016, if you listen to the detailed guidance we gave, we’re saying it’s a 45 million benefit from commodities and price, 35 from commodities and 10 million from price and we’re flat on arresting mix. So those three items are positive 45 million.  When we think about 2017, if steel stays where it’s at, we’re going to have a headwind of commodities rather than a tailwind. So yes, the 35 million goes away, but I parenthetically tell you that the price would be significantly higher than 10 and we’d also have positive mix. So, I think the bigger question to think about isn’t are we going to have 35 million of commodity, its’ just the way we are sitting now we won’t. It’s what’s that 45 million of commodities price and mix. And I think if you go back and check even in years where we have commodity headwinds, we are able to get significant price to help offset - a positive mix to help offset it. 
Steve Tusa: Right. I guess you’re tempering your price for this year a bit from 15 to 10. I mean does that kind of give you a bit of a pause as far as the degree - our check suggest that pricing power means pretty good for most suppliers out there. So is that just a kind of - than yesterday.
Todd Bluedorn: Because I don’t think the cost of the commodity shock of steel has rolled through the P&L yet. I have a different perspective than you do. I think to have 45 million from commodity and price in the same years is strong performance. And so even with commodities rolling through low, we’ve been able to get pricing at the same time the Canadian FX has moved in a positive direction to us and that was one of the drivers of price that we needed for this year, but it’s good news to the P&L. So I’m more optimistic about both the results and the future that we’re going to be able to - while commodities are going to be headwind, we’re going to be able to offset it. 
Steve Tusa: And I guess just as a math, we wanted to do our own back of the envelop, so we just take, I guess you have ceilings on steel for the year, that’s kind of the way we just take the year-end steel price as of last year just to see where it is today and that’s kind of the degree of snapback. Can we use that in to that analysis at least as a starting point or is there some sort of catch-up or something like that? I don’t if I’m asking the question in the right way. 
Joe Reitmeier: No, you’re asking the question the right way. 
Steve Tusa: Is that the mechanism, is that the way it works?
Todd Bluedorn: I think there will be - the way I would think about it is, there’s going to be a little bit of a lag because we’ll have some of the steel that we buy in the fourth quarter weed in to 2017, number one. Number two is, it’s tough. We’ll give you an artificially high number if you take the starting price in ‘16 and compare it to the starting price in ‘17 in the spot market, because with the agreements we had it wasn’t tied to what the lowest price was at the start of the year. We had some a collar on it, but not at that level. So I understand what you want to do, and you can start to ballpark it, but we’ll give clearer guidance in December when we see what steel shapes out as well as the other commodities. 
Steve Tusa: But just to be clear, there is a risk that it will be negative. You’re not necessarily saying that today, but it will be negative?
Todd Bluedorn: I think when I use headwinds that’s my way of saying it’s going to be negative. 
Steve Tusa: Okay, because you said the 35 goes away, so I was saying less of a tailwind. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think we’re going to pay more because it’s changed the change, right. So 
Steve Tusa: Sure.
Todd Bluedorn: We’re going to pay for steel next year than we did this year. 
Steve Tusa: Yeah, a 100%. And then just one last one, how good was June for you guys in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: We had a nice June, but even to underline what I said, it’s a nice June, but it got us out of the blocks quickly for July and some of the weather in June helped us as we rolled in the third quarter. 
Steve Tusa: So can we think double digit for June?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m not going to answer the question; I understand what you’re --.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead. 
Ryan Merkel: First question on EBIT margin, I think for 2016, you are tracking ahead of the 12.5% target that you set out. Can you just provide an update on your thinking there?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re a seasonal business and it’s sort of hard to track exactly where we should be for you guys to track exactly where we should be. Now commodities have been more front end loaded for some of the reasons we just talked about with Steve, and so I think we had more benefit commodities first half of the year. But if you take the midpoint of our guidance; on guidance we’ve lowered revenue slightly and we’ve raised earnings slightly. So the math is that 12.5 is going to go up some. 
Ryan Merkel: And then on SG&A, you haven’t leveraged that the past two quarters. Is this something we should expect in the second half of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think what it reflects is, we’re cognizant on the significant investment - not significant but the important investments that we need to make in IT and our ability to serve our customers, and we don’t outline those quite as dramatically as several of our or at least one of our competitors does, but we’re making the same kind of investments and I think that’s reflected in the SG&A. The direct answer to your question is, over the medium term which is over next couple of years, you should expect to continue to see leverage in SG&A.
Ryan Merkel: And just lastly, the change in the resi mix going to flat, is that more a function of mix by channel versus the consumer appetite for higher SEER equipment. 
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. And it especially reflects the two things that you’ve talked about, selling to some national accounts which ware important to what we do. But the main driver is residential new construction growing quicker than add-on a replacement and add-on replacement still a healthy mid-single digit growth rate it’s just residential new construction was up double digits. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna. Please go ahead. 
Robert Barry: I did want to just clarify more specifically what the growth rate was in the quarter for the add-on replacement component of resi?
Todd Bluedorn: Mid-single digits. 
Robert Barry: How much do you think weather cost you in the quarter in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: A point or two of revenue growth.
Robert Barry: I guess I’m just trying to square the comments you’ve historically made about whether being mostly relevant to June in the second half of June and it was not in June especially in the second half and some of the swing regions that matter like the Northeast and the upper mid-west were particularly warm. Given mid-single and add-on replacement against what became a much easier in add-on replace suggest the cool start had a pretty significant impact. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think the short answer is, it had an impact, a significant impact and then I’ve said that a couple of times, but I underline it. The weather the last 10 days or so really is going to have a positive impact on third quarter rather than second quarter. The demand was there, but what sort of happens when it gets that hot that quickly that our dealers are busy. So if you call to get your air conditioner replaced instead of somebody saying I’ll replace it today, you’ll say I’ll be out next week, and then they delay the ordering of shipment for us for a week or 10 days until they are ready to come out and do the job. That’s what we saw at the end of second quarter. The weather the last week or two really is helping us to get off to a strong start in July. 
Robert Barry: Got you. So as you see it, everything else of share gain around the distribution enhancement, the pent up demand, all of that in your view is the same, its’ really just weather. 
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I don’t. The short answer is, yes. Long answer is, we feel the sentiment of the consumer are still positive. We talk to our dealers, they are still very happy, they are extraordinarily busy right now as they have been for the last six weeks or so, and there’s lots of moving signals because of timing of things last year. But I think its steady as she goes on residential revenue, and I think I wish you’ve asked the question, it was a point or two on resi revenue and that helps answer the question. I think its weather and our team is confident it’s the weather and that’s the issue and we’re off to a strong start in Q3 in resi. 
Robert Barry: Maybe just a quick one on commercial; Todd, you made some very positive comments late in the quarter on the strength in the Commercial business particularly in planned replacement even in retail. And then it came in flat, I know you had a tough comp, I don't know if you just want to perhaps add some additional color there, maybe you were referring more to the margin performance?
Todd Bluedorn: I think when I talk publicly or even privately about the commercial business of second quarter national accounts, I always try to carve out Wal-Mart. And I’ve always said, people understand what’s going on with Wal-Mart given some public comments by our competitors and we’re seeing the same thing, and what I mentioned in the script is that Wal-Mart aside our backlog is up high single digits in national accounts, and our non-national accounts business was up low single digits for the quarter.
Robert Barry: Got you, and where is the mix benefit coming from? Because you said emergency was up more. Is it the service business?
Todd Bluedorn: Service was a big piece of it. And even within our non-national account business we’re seeing a mix up to higher efficiency equipment. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. 
Julian Mitchell: Yes I just wanted to switch to refrigeration a second. I mean if you look at that business, very, very good margin performance yet again. I think it sort of the fourth quarter consecutive quarter where you’ve had a very good margin expansion year-over-year. But comps on margins start to get a little bit tougher in the second half on the other hand, maybe price mix stops being ahead wind at some point. So if you could just give some color on how you see refrigeration margins playing out from here. 
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll just underline something that you said, which is, by our records fifth straight quarter of margin expansion in refrigeration and the drivers are things that you would want them to be, volume, lower material cost, improved factory productivity are all driving the margin expansion. But I think the point you made is right, we saw a ramp up in volume in second half of the year last year with some of the Wal-Mart business, we’re now going to lap that, so the comps’ going to be a bit more challenging. All that being said though, we’ve said that we expect refrigeration margins to be up 200 basis points this year from our prior guidance of 100 basis points. I think with that end point you can sort of back in to margin second half of the year. 
Julian Mitchell: How about price mix impact?
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to look to mix up in our business. And part of the issue that drives mix and refrigeration is across the different businesses and some of our - one of our best businesses are not our display case business in North America, but our core refrigeration business in North America. And it’s strong and its had strong growth rates year-to-date and we expect that second half of the year and I think that will help the mix of the business.
Julian Mitchell: And then back to commercial, just around the non-national account business. It sounds as if it is sort of purely lumpiness there was no particular slowdown in any kind of vertical or end market that you saw. Maybe give any update on sort of specific end markets how the order intake is moving?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s up low single digits non-national accounts. I think the one vertical that we’ve seen some softness year-over-year and we’ve had a really big year last year with some [K312], so that slowed down a little bit and I think that’s the end market and not our share of it for lots of different reasons. But other verticals light industrial, small office building, you local dentist office, all those verticals sort of remain - they’re not on fire but up lower single digits. 
Operator: Next we have Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Rich Kwas: So, Todd, I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but just wanted to - as we think about Q3 here, you are going against a pretty tough comp in resi? 
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah.
Rich Kwas: From volume standpoint. So in the context of the comp you just went through in commercial here this past quarter. It would seem obviously, you should better than what you did in commercials past quarter in residential here in Q3, but there’s any way to think about that, anything you would point out?
Todd Bluedorn: I agree there’s a tougher comp that - I said five times we are off to a strong start in res, I don’t know how many more times I can stay on my foot. 
Rich Kwas: And then as you look at next year with incrementals; with the headwind on the commodity side, how do we think about it as it relates to your normal 30% incremental margin, and you have been trending well above that with some of the commodity savings. I know you have sourcing in there and whatnot, but do we think of this kind of from a lumpiness standpoint, where it could trend below that until pricing really sticks or is there any thoughts on that as we think about looking out into next year? 
Todd Bluedorn: If I would model, I would take where we’re going to end the year, take a look at the three year target that we gave last year and then you have two years ago sort of lay out, and I would lay those out and assume over a three year period. Maybe on a little less revenue, we still get to the Ross location. So we’re still going to have nice drop through the book, we’ve underlined it, everyone understands us. We have a 100% drop through this quarter, that’s not normal and that’s not something you do all the time, that’s what you do when you have commodity tailwind and you’re getting price and you’re doing Mexico, and you’re doing everything else we’re doing, that normalizes overtime, but 30% is still the incremental margin I would use for the out years. 
Rich Kwas: And then lastly from me with regards to further restructuring that could occur, there's more on the table potentially on the residential side, correct?
Todd Bluedorn: I’ve broaden the question and the answer to say, we continue to look at ways to lower our cost structure both on the factory side and non-factory side, point one. Point two is, I’ve said over and over again we’re not done in Mexico and we think that’s a great facility and we have two factories there and we continue to think through what’s the right play to continue to leverage our volume in Mexico. 
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then last one, $0.40 spread for the balance of the year that was narrowed a bit, but not as much as you've done in the past. Anything to think about there?
Todd Bluedorn: I say this and sound arrogant, and I don’t quite mean to, but $0.40 on a $3 guide is different than $0.40 on a $6.70 guide. So while it’s still $0.40, I think as a percentage it’s even tighter that it’s been in the past. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead. 
Jeff Sprague: Just a couple things to clean up, a lot of ground covered here. Just on 14 SEER, Todd as you said, it's kind of case closed, but just wondering if it is totally case closed from an industry standpoint, from your vantage point? In other words, do you see people stuck with inventory in the South that they are moving north, did you have any yourself Just the state of the channels, from your vantage point?
Todd Bluedorn: Really haven’t seen any behavior by others, so I won’t directly respond to that. Our guys been doing the field, I don’t know right now. But we had a little bit de-minimus to our results and we have already accounted for it and are in the process of moving it North, and we always knew that we wanted to have the last Board and the last shot fired in the war, so we didn’t want to run out and so we made sure that we have enough and we had a little bit left and are in the process of moving it. 
Jeff Sprague: And then I'm just wondering on the pension perhaps for Joe, by my math just this move in interest rates created $40 million - $50 million headwind in your funded status. So it looks like you’re plugging that hole this year. Would you see the need for further pension contributions into ‘17 and ‘18, if rates stay this low?
Joe Reitmeier: Good question first of all, second, I want to go back and talk about the tax benefits that we derived it, afforded us the opportunity to have access to about $50 million in cash that we looked at various places where we thought we could most effectively utilize that cash with its (inaudible) plans.  To your point, the discount rate has moved down. With this pension contribution it enables us to once again raise our funding levels, with the expectation over time that discount rates will increase and when they do and it will continue to afford us the opportunity to further de-risk the pension plans. 
Todd Bluedorn: The direct answer to your question Jeff is, we’re not sure, we have to see how asset returns come in as well as where the discount rate ends the year at. But we thought the 50 million was the prudent use of cash that we got from that changed our tax policy. 
Jeff Sprague: Yes. I'm just wondering, it does make sense, obviously; I get it. Are you flirting with getting snagged in mandatory requirements or anything? Are you - basically the contribution keeps you in front of that. 
Todd Bluedorn: No. This was purely voluntary and when you look at our strong cash flow supported by strong earnings, we are confident that this is an opportunity like I said that will force the opportunity to continue to de-risk the plans going forward. Once again, this is a voluntary contribution that we’re making to sort of get a little ahead of it as you mentioned. 
Operator: Next we have Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead. 
Nigel Coe: Just a couple of quick cleanups here from me; so you did a good job of managing inventories this quarter, Todd. But one of your competitors did allude to the possibility of excess inventories entering June and therefore maybe some potential but weak in through pricing. Did you see any of that from competitors?
Todd Bluedorn: No, and I assume you’re referring to UTX and to extension [Watsco]. My guess is the warm weather helped our concerns.
Nigel Coe: Okay. And then was the weather impact mainly within the Northeast or was it broadened, and in particular, did you see any impact of shale in Texas?
Joe Reitmeier: Well, it’s a question about Texas, do we see any what? 
Nigel Coe: I just was wondering if the oil CapEx declines had an impact on consumer demand in Texas?
Todd Bluedorn: The weather was wise. Where it was warmest was, I think we were historically stronger, which is in the central part of the country, central northwest and then also in the west coast especially California. On the specific question of Texas no, we haven’t seen impact to our demand. Even in places like Houston in the woodlands there are still lots of housing going in for Exxon Mobile’s move to the suburbs and so even with at the low oil prices we continue to do fine in Texas. 
Nigel Coe: Okay, and then just one more on the buyback, would you hope to get the $100 million done by year-end?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. 
Operator: And next we have Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Go ahead. 
Walt Liptak: I've just got a couple of cleanups, too. You mentioned with the commodities headwind that's coming, that you’d be potentially raising prices for next year. I wonder on that, what's your expectation that you’d be able to neutralize the commodity cost headwind, or do you think you can get a benefit in 2017?
Joe Reitmeier: No, we’re going to have to see how it all sticks out. I think I would look to the past as a predictor of the future, and so in past years when commodities were up moderately, we were able offset and then some with price and mix. And steel is what’s gone up emphatically without being political artificially because of tariffs rulings and the tariff on imports. The underlying economy internationally still remains in such a way that copper and aluminum I think are still going to be, at least where they stand now are going to be benefits to us next year. We have benefits for two other commodities, headwind from one, all combined it’s going to be a net headwind where it stands now and we’re going to focus on getting price and mix to offset it and then some, but we’ll have to see how the final map shakes out. 
Walt Liptak: Okay, that sounds fair. With this commodity situation for next year seems to be very well telegraphed by you guys, by the industry, I think everybody knows it. Any thoughts or any conversations with customers about pre-buying ahead of any price increase for next year?
Joe Reitmeier: You mean our customers?
Walt Liptak: Yes.
Joe Reitmeier: No. Typically given that we sell, we own our own company distribution we’re selling large part to dealers, they just don’t carry enough inventory to have a meaningful impact. And on the commercial side amongst the replacement obviously not the case, but even on planned replacement they have schedules. There might be a little bit of pull forward at the end of the year with a significant price increase looming if we announce or when we announce something in fourth quarter. But I don’t think it’d be material to the results. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: I think we've covered a lot of ground here, so maybe just one or two follow-ups from me. I guess, Todd, first, on the price-cost gap in resi, 2Q to 3Q should we expect 2Q to have been kind of the widest gap there, and how should we think about that sequentially?
Todd Bluedorn: Well I think the drop through in all three of the businesses was strong in second quarter as commodities, I think we’re at their low point for us and so that’s what I’d expect quite frankly for all three of the businesses. As I said earlier, we’re not going to have a 100% drop through going forward. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay. So, I get it and maybe a little less of a tailwind into 3Q. And back onto refrigeration, clearly some internal initiatives have started to get traction there. How much of the impact, if any, was from some of the stronger growth in Europe, and how should we think about that as kind of new business or anything that we can point to as having legs into 2017, as comps get tougher?
Todd Bluedorn: Our refrigeration business was up in Europe and our team’s done a good job there. I think the driver of the revenue growth is North America, both in our display case business with the Wal-Mart customers, but also in our non-display case business we had a really nice quarter in North America. And then margin expansion is driven a lot of self-help on material cost. Commodities aside, as I’ve said earlier, I guess now the 40 million that we’ve assigned as a guide to material cost reduction, higher percentage of that is in refrigeration than it’s ever been and lower factory cost as we’ve done significant improvement in productivity both in our European business and our North American business. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: So Todd, just to maybe borrow your phrase, that you will understand this question. But thinking about maybe a baseball analogy on refrigeration margins, any good CEO would say that you are still early innings and there's plenty of wood to chop still. But do you feel like you’ve made it a significant way through some of the initiatives there, how much where is left to go, just based on what you can see in kind of the pipeline ahead of you?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I’ll give you some math, we ended last year at about 7.5, 7.4 someone just put in front of me. We said 200 basis points up, so it will put us at 9.4 just for the hell of it, I would say 9.5 this year, and we set our 2018 target was 11 to 13. So I would say sort of over our three year journey to get to 11 to 13 we took a nice chalk out of it in the first year, but we still have our ways to go to get to 11 and 13 and we have a roadmap to get there. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: A ratable roadmap from here or still front-end loaded?
Todd Bluedorn: I would lay it our ratable. 
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Perfect. All right, thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: If that means linear, I think it does. 
Operator: And next we have Shannon O'Callaghan from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Shannon O'Callaghan: Hey, aside from the potential raw headwind in 2017, are you sort of glad to see this when you think 2018, 2019, et cetera? Was it getting tougher to get price with the declining raws? Is this something that has a positive side to it in your view? 
Todd Bluedorn: I know distribution talks that way, because they view it as just sort of a higher cost of goods sold that they pass on. I’d rather live in a world where our cost of goods sold was zero, and all we did was sell stuff. I don’t think commodity is going up, it’s a necessarily a good thing, but the key is how do we handle and how do we react to it and I’ll sort of said pretty aggressively that we’ve been to this before and we know how to do this and we’ll go out and get price. 
Shannon O'Callaghan: And just as you think about the hedges and things like that, is there - do you have any quarterly lumpiness for this where we have to kind of think about backend-loaded year, just anything in terms of those dynamics we should be mindful of?
Todd Bluedorn: Again we hedge on copper and aluminum and so I’ve said that, at least where we’re sitting out that’s going to be a net benefit. So you’re going to have to lay out the - if you’re going to try and guess before December you’re going to have to lay-off those hedge positions overtime and then on steel we buy it based on a quarter CRU, but this year we’d been able to get some fixed pricing during the second half of the year and so that’s going to be hard to model. I think the answer is there will be some lumpiness next year where the comps are tougher than the different parts of the year, and I think it will be broadly speaking the comps will be maybe most challenging first half of the year and get easier in the second half of the year. 
Shannon O'Callaghan: Just on refrigeration margins, you talked about the five straight quarters, et cetera, and you have some nice momentum there. Are you ready to sort of, from an operational improvement standpoint, kind of declare a victory in terms of some of the challenges that you’ve had there or there are kind of still visible things that are far from optimal?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m going to answer like I think you hope I would, which is, its continuous improvement forever in our [men]. So we had 20% margins in residential and we ain’t done there on continuous improvement and making it better, and so we ended double digits 11% in refrigeration and we’re not even close to be in down with what we need to do there. Albeit, we’ve made some nice progress, I think we’ve gone from critical care to preventive wing of the hospital.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert McCarthy from Stifel. Go ahead. 
Robert McCarthy: The question I have is, maybe just stepping back talking a little bit about your investments in distribution, I think a comment, Todd you made at our conference about just how you've changed your kind of view about distribution and the value it can bring, and could you talk a little bit about the investments you’re making there, and how you think that's going to be helping kind of your topline and bottom line?
Todd Bluedorn: I sort of reflected there and I’ve reflected publicly in the past that pay check distribution 20 years ago, distribution not dealers but distributors. I would have said the model I’ve thought made sense was local independent, fragmented independent, because I viewed it very much as local business where as it’s all about relationships and managing boxes of inventory and making sure things flowed locally.  But overtime that’s significantly changed and I think it’s increasingly changing, and that’s why we’re making such significant investments in IT to support our dealer network through LennoxPROs which is our online portal. So being able to provide information, flow of material, being able to order, being like Amazon where you can track - the dealer can track his delivery and know when it’s going to reside. Have an online portal where they can order like you’ve seen Amazon where you buy the unit and the parts and it reminds you if you’re missing anything and what you need.  You’d be able to have technician training online, you’ll be able to have spare parts availability when they arrive at home and on our Dave Lennox signature series where you have the iComfort to be able to do prognostics and diagnostics so that dealer technician arrives at the home knowing exactly what’s wrong before he gets there. That’s all value added that we can provide.  And I think overtime as this value added becomes more and more differentiator, those who have, who own the distribution or control national distribution will have big advantages because they’re going to be able to leverage that spend over a broader and broader sales volume and that’s where we think we’re at. 
Robert McCarthy: I'll leave it there.
Operator: And next we have a question from the line of Gautam Khanna from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Gautam Khanna: I wanted to get your sense Todd, of where you think we are in the resi replacement cycle? If you can just calibrate us again, given the housing kind of boom of it was now 10 to 12 years ago. Do you expect to see another bow wave, another increase in resi replacement as we move forward, and if so, when would you expect it?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re still very bullish on the resi replacement market, and we’ve more broadly on the resi market we think there’s mid single digit growth for next three to five year, and I think there are three drivers. One is, the pent up demand we think still exists, so we think all that volume from say ‘08 to 2011-2012 where people were repairing rather than replacing, we still think those units are breaking for the second time and we’re seeing a bow wave of that pent up demand. Some of the sell side analysts have painted as much as a full year of air conditioning volume was created over that 4-5 year time period and we think at the end of this summer we’ll probably be two-thirds the way through that so there’s still a chunk of that left.  Second is, simplistically stated as your question applied, the new housing bubble becomes our replacement bubble. So a unit lasts 12 to 15 years or so. So all those homes that were put in early in mid-2000 are now coming in to the replacement cycle. And then the third is, and we’ve seen it for a couple of years now, but we think it continues as single family starts which is a driver of our new construction business, we think continues to grow and never gets back to the peak at least I hope it doesn’t for a lot of reasons in my professional career. But still has ways to go to get to the normal take up rate and we’re seeing double digit growth in that end market again this year.  So, I think there is three drivers of the resi demand over the next three to five years growing as a multiple GDP. 
Gautam Khanna: That's very helpful. And I was wondering if you could update us on any change to the M&A environment? I know you've announced the buyback. I presume that means it's still not as robust an opportunity set. But maybe you can opine on what you are seeing and what you might expect to see over the next couple years.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, we’re pretty selective about what we’re going to do. So I’m not sure I’m a broad or I’m an indicator of the broad M&A market, where we would want to do a deal first and foremost is consolidate the North America HVAC business that’s a handful of property, somebody would have to decide so and then we might do something in Europe if that made sense and we could get it at the right price to expand the strengthening business in Europe that we have. And the share buyback just reflects, I think more positively the strong cash flow we have in the business, the strong quarter that we have and what we think remains in front of us for the balance of the year. 
Gautam Khanna: And last question, just looking out a year I was hoping you could just opine on what you think happens to SEER 14 pricing? It’s matched your expectations so far, but do you expect that that's going to be a bigger headwind next year? Any comments on that would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: I can’t get the tenses right. I don’t know if I want to say it has shook out or it has shaken out, but it’s done all the shooking and shaking it’s going to do I think. So we think we’re at where we’re at on 14 SEER pricing that folks have sold out their inventories and its stabilized about where we thought it would which was somewhere between the old 14 SEER pricing and the old 13 SEER pricing and I think we avoided a big problem, and we always thought that’s how it shake out and that’s how it has. 
Gautam Khanna: Last one for Joe, perhaps you can just frame for us how large steel is as an input overall relative to your COGS, I had it at under 5%? Is that in the ballpark? 
Joe Reitmeier: Actually I think it’s a little bit more than that. 
Todd Bluedorn: I think about it as - I’ll give you the pieces of the math because I haven’t done the sort of gold math lately. It’s about 70% or so of our cost of goods sold is material, and then if you take that material and blow it back up about 35% to 40% of that 70% is raw copper, steel and aluminum and still is the largest of the three. 
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Steve Tusa: Just two very quick follow-ups; how much is that commods number, that commodity benefit this year, been so far for the first half? I know it is 35?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s about 25 or so.
Steve Tusa: 25 million of that 35? Yes, okay. And then did you have any down months in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: Say that one more time. 
Steve Tusa: Did you have any down months in resi? Down sales months in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m pausing. I don’t think so. I think we’re up year-over-year every quarter or every month. Maybe in April we may have been slightly down, but really I don’t remember. 
Steve Tusa: Thanks a lot guys. 
Todd Bluedorn: Few points to leave you with. The company set new record highs for margin and profit in the second quarter and we remain focused on driving performance. We’re raising EPS guidance for 2016 and initiating a new $100 million stock repurchase program for the second half. The third quarter is off to a good start for all three of our businesses, and we continue to expect another record year with strong margin expansion and profit growth. Thanks everyone for joining us today. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-18 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison – Vice President, Investor Relations Todd Bluedorn – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph Reitmeier – Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Robert Barry – Susquehanna Financial Group Ryan Merkel – William Blair & Co. Charles Tusa – JPMorgan Securities Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Gautam Khanna – Cowen & Co. Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Richard Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Lee Sandquist – Credit Suisse Securities Jeffrey Sprague – Vertical Research Partners Joshua Pokrzywinski – The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Robert McCarthy – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Tim Wojs – Robert W. Baird & Co. Walter Liptak – Seaport Global Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. And I would now like turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2016. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself initially to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We'll archive the webcast on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly-available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Lennox International realized record first quarter profit of strong revenue growth and margin expansion across all three of our businesses in the quarter. Total company revenue is up 6% at constant currency. Total segment profit rose 50% to a new first quarter high, and total segment margin expanded 200 basis points to a first quarter record of 6.5%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was a first quarter record $0.60, up 62% from the prior-year quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was a first quarter record, $0.56, up 81% from the prior-year quarter. In our Residential business in the first quarter, profit was up 23% on 5% revenue growth at constant currency. Segment margin rose 160 basis points to a first quarter record, 10.2%. Residential mix and volume was negatively impacted by the warmer weather in the first quarter that truncated the winter season and led to lower furnace sales. Heating degree days were down 16% from the prior-year quarter and were 12% below normal. Residential revenue from replacement business was up mid-single digits, and revenue from new construction was up low-double digits in the first quarter. On the operations front, we continue to see a smooth regulatory transition from 13 SEER to 14 SEER minimum efficiency in the south and southwest regions of the United States. We will know more as we get further into the summer season, but so far, so good on price. We opened two new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the first quarter for 188 stores in total, and we still plan to open at least 27 new stores this year. Turning to our Commercial businesses – or Commercial business. Revenue was up 8% at constant currency, and segment profit rose 84% to a new first quarter high. Commercial segment margin expanded 350 basis points to a new first quarter record of 8.3%. In North America, commercial equipment revenue was up high-single digits at constant currency. National account equipment revenue was up mid-single digits, and we won 10 new national account customers in the quarter, a great start to the year. On the services side, national account services revenue was up high-single digits. In North America, non-national account business revenue was up high-single digits. We also saw a strong growth on our global export business, with revenue up more than 30% from the prior-year quarter. Overall, at constant currency, new construction revenue was flat; and replacement revenue was up mid-teens, with double-digit growth in both planned and emergency replacement. In Europe, commercial HVAC equipment revenue was up low-single digits at constant currency. In Refrigeration, revenue was up 6% at constant currency in the first quarter, and profit rose 125% from the prior-year quarter. Refrigeration margin expanded 300 basis points to 5.4%. From a regional perspective, at constant currency, North America revenue was up low-double digits; Asia was up high-single digits; Australia was flat; and Europe was down mid-single digits. South America was up low-double digits, as our team in Brazil had a good quarter. But the economy there remains very soft, and we – as we continue to look ahead. Overall, for the company, our underlying business expectations for the year remain consistent with previous guidance. We are reiterating revenue and raising guidance on EPS from continuing operations due to a lower effective tax rate of approximately 32% this year. And Joe will talk about that further in a moment. It's early in the year, and the largest seasonal quarters are still in front of us. But 2016's off to a strong start, and we continue to expect another record year, with strong growth and profitability across all three of our businesses. Now, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $377 million, which was up 4%. Volume was up 5%, and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact. Residential segment profit was $38 million, up 23% from the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was a first quarter record, 10.2%, which was up 160 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, lower material cost, lower freight cost and higher productivity. Partial offsets included unfavorable price mix, foreign exchange and investments in SG&A and distribution expansion. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. Commercial revenue was $170 million in the first quarter, up 7%. Volume was up 8%, and price and mix combined was flat, while foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. North America Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up high single digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down slightly, including negative foreign exchange impact, although up at constant currency, as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit was a first quarter record $14 million, which was up 84% from the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was a first quarter record of 8.3%, which was up 350 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price mix, lower material costs and lower freight and distribution costs. Partial offsets included unfavorable foreign exchange and higher SG&A. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the first quarter was $168 million, which was up 3%. Volume was up 7%; price and mix combined was down 1%; foreign exchange had a negative 3% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. However, on a reported basis, North America was up low-double digits; Asia was up mid-single digits; Europe was down mid-single digits; Australia was down high-single digits; and South America was down high-teens. Segment profit was $9 million. That was up 125% from the prior quarter. Segment profit margin was 5.4%, which was up 300 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, lower material costs, lower freight and distribution cost, and higher productivity. Unfavorable price mix was a partial offset. Regarding special items in the first quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $2.1 million. The amount included $ 1.2 million for special legal contingency charges and $900,000 net for other items. Corporate expenses were $15 million in the first quarter compared to $12 million in the prior-year quarter. Overall, SG&A was $140 million in the first quarter compared to $133 million in the prior quarter. Net cash used in operations in the first quarter was $113 million compared to $122 million in the first quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $24 million, up from $18 million in the prior-year quarter. Free cash flow was a negative $137 million in the first quarter compared to a negative $140 million in the prior-year quarter. Due to the seasonal nature of our business, the company uses cash in the first half of the year and generates cash in the back half of the year. And we'd continue to target $250 million of free cash flow for 2016, overall. Total debt was $1.1 billion at the end of March, deploying $200 million in February for the accelerated share repurchase. And we ended the quarter with a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 2.4 times. And we currently expect that trend – that to trend down over the course of the year, as we seasonally generate cash. We paid $16 million of dividends in the first quarter. And at the end of March, cash and cash equivalents were $41 million. Now to review our outlook for 2016. First, our underlying market assumptions for the year remain unchanged. For the industry, overall, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits; we expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single digits; and we expect North America Refrigeration shipments to be up low-single digits for the industry. Based on this underlying market environment and our target for the market share gains, revenue growth guidance for Lennox International remains 48% at constant currency for 2016. We continue to expect 1 point of negative foreign currency impact for the full year for revenue growth guidance of 3% to 7% at actual currency. We are raising our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the full year from a range of $6.10 to $6.60 to a new range of $6.30 to $6.80. Guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations moves to $6.26 to $6.76, incorporating the new guidance range and $0.04 of special items in the first quarter. The higher EPS ranges reflect a lower tax rate of approximately 32% versus our par guidance of 34% to 35% on a full-year basis for 2016. The lower tax rate relates to our restructuring of international subsidiaries that will enable us to utilize foreign tax credits and other benefits that drive our effective tax rate down by approximately 250 basis points. We view this as a structural change to our ongoing tax rate that can be modeled for 2016 as well for the out-years. Now, let me walk you through the other key points of our guidance and the puts and takes for 2016. We still target $35 million of savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We continue to expect $25 million of savings from lower commodity cost. Foreign exchange is still expected to be a $20 million headwind. And we still expect a $15 million benefit from price. Residential mix is still expected to be a $5 million benefit for the full year, and we still expect to see $11 million from incremental savings for this year from our second plant in Mexico. And finally, a few other guidance points. We continue to expect corporate expenses of approximately $85 million. We still assume net interest expense of approximately $29 million for the year. The weighted average diluted share count for the full year is expected to be approximately 44 million shares following our February announcement of a $200 million accelerated share repurchase program. The ASR will be completed by the end of the second quarter of this year. And finally, we continue to target capital expenditures of approximately $95 million and free cash flow at $250 million for the full year. And with that, let's go to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: The first question comes from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Yeah. Hey, guys. Good morning.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry: So, I guess I wanted to just get a sense of how you're thinking about the margin outlook in Resi and Commercial for the rest of the year. Off to a very strong start here, I think you're tracking at – would be the high end of the ranges you set right out of the gate. So, I know it's still early in the year and the business is seasonal, but is there anything that you can identify that you see as headwinds that may kind of tamper the degree of margin expansion we see as the year progresses?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think, Robert, it ties to the overall guidance that we gave that we raised it for taxes, but operationally, we're still where we were before. And it's early in the year. You know how seasonal the business is. The answer is all three segments – or, excuse me, all three of our business units, all three of our segments had very strong quarter margin-wise, we're executing on the cost side. We're delivering volume growth. And so, I think it's steady as she goes on the margin expansion.
Robert Barry: Yeah. Would you say that the margins though here are kind of tracking above the plan that you had originally set and that it's just too early to kind of make an update?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we've had a good quarter – we had a good quarter and – I mean, it might be – the honest answer it's slightly above our internal plans for first quarter but one week of cold weather in June evaporates all that. So, that's just sort of the way the business works. It's a seasonably light quarter. And when we've had first quarters that disappointed ourselves and you guys and we didn't touch anything and we've had first quarters like this quarter, I think, which was better than people expected, maybe even including us. But we've got to see how the second and third quarter go for the full year.
Robert Barry: Got you. Fair enough. On the commodities front, I mean, you left the outlook there unchanged. We have been seeing increases in some of the commodities. I imagine that copper is kind of locked in at this point. But steel, you buy kind of closer in, so was there just maybe a larger buffer internally that kind of has shrunk now or how are you thinking about steel especially vis-à-vis the unchanged outlook on the commodities?
Todd Bluedorn: I wouldn't use the word buffer per se. I think the way I characterize it would be is our internal planning always expected steel to go up during the second half of the year. We talked about that in our December guide, when we first gave our December guide on this. And I think some folks weren't as confident as we were that that would happen. I wish we would have been wrong. But I think the trend up in steel is what we expected. It was in the guide before. It's still in the guide.
Robert Barry: Right. Fair enough. We were probably in that camp too at that time. Just one last quick one on the housekeeping around tax. So, it sounds like this is a structural change. We should just carry it forward. There's been a lot of talk recently about tax rule changes I know mostly related to inversions which is not that relevant to you, but also related to use of inter-company debt. I mean, maybe I missed it in the prepared remarks, but I assume this has nothing to do with that and you kind of feel good about it regardless or...?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, Robert, you're exactly right. There's been a lot in the headlines today about income taxes that involves really two things, inversions and earnings stripping. We assure you, this has nothing to do with that. This is simply a restructuring of international subsidiaries that enables us to utilize foreign tax credits and it's generating some other sustainable benefits for us. So, we view this as a structural change to our ongoing tax rate and we can model this in 2016 and in the subsequent years.
Robert Barry: Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning.
Ryan Merkel: So, I know March is a big month for the quarter, can you comment on how the month played out and finished?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I mean, March was a nice quarter for us across the board, except in the one category of furnace sales. I mean, I talked a little bit about that in the script. It was unseasonably warm weather for us in the quarter. And we talked about degree heating days being down 16% from prior-year first quarter. But in February-March, they were down 25%. And so, we saw a real truncation of the – if that's a word, but the furnace season was truncated. And so, it started out strong in January and then sort of tapered off as we went through the quarter. So, I think the one area was furnace sales. But the bright side is even with those furnace sales being slightly down, volume was up mid to high single-digits overall for our Residential business, and HVAC was strong. Our dealers are confident. And we go into the summer selling season we think well-prepared and need a little bit of weather and I think the momentum continues. Our other two businesses both Commercial and Refrigeration had strong quarters overall and March was like the rest of the quarter which was very strong.
Ryan Merkel: Are you able to comment on what you're seeing so far in April? I mean, I do HVAC provision, they sound pretty healthy, but I want to hear it from you.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I mean, it's – yes. I'd look over a longer period than just the last two weeks or three weeks. My answer on Q2 is off to a solid start, but it's early in the summer selling season. June is nearly half the quarter, in the last couple of weeks of June or half the month. And so, we're on track. Everybody feels good. Everything looks solid, but we need to book and ship and we need a little bit of weather and it needs to warm up. You may recall last year or you may not recall, we recall last year April was seasonably warm. And then it cooled down in May and June seasonally. And this year, April started out a little cooler. And so, we need a little – we need normal weather in May and June to have a strong quarter. And we think we will. We say this every year, and we just got to let it play out.
Ryan Merkel: Got it. And just lastly, how was the price increase in Canada that I think you put through on March 1? Is that tracking well?
Todd Bluedorn: It continues to track. I mean, we've said all along, it's tough to get everything in a year or two when FX moves as quick as it has. The good news is FX has moved back our way a bit in Canada, so we don't have to get quite as much to be whole. But we continue to push the price increase in Canada.
Ryan Merkel: Very good. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Charles Tusa: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Steve.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hey, Steve.
Charles Tusa: You had a slightly unfavorable price mix in Resi, I guess, was that just the furnace dynamic?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes.
Charles Tusa: And then, what – how do you expect that to kind of play out over the course of the year? I mean, I know it was a big year last year, but maybe just remind us on the Resi side what you're expecting for mix this year, and I guess price as well.
Todd Bluedorn: We guided in Resi that we're going to have $5 million of benefit from Residential mix. And so, we had negative mix in the quarter. And so, we're backing on positive mix second, third quarter primarily as we get into the summer selling season. And then on price, we haven't guided for Resi overall. We just guided for the corporation that we'd have $15 million benefit from price, full-year.
Charles Tusa: Okay. So, that stuff is holding up reasonably well?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. And again, as you well know, I mean, it's early. On the 2013 to 2014 share transition, steady as she goes. But the honest answer is all the cards won't be turned over till June, July time period and we'll know for certain there. But so far everything is tracking as we hoped it would.
Charles Tusa: Right. How is the pipeline lining up on the Commercial front [indiscernible]? And maybe just by vertical, as you guys kind of get into the – little more of, I guess, the education selling season, and any signs of – on a quotation front, anything to read into there?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll be honest, I don't have the education backlog numbers at my fingertips, so I can't really give them to you. But, overall, in our Commercial business, both on our national accounts and our non-national account business where education is a big vertical, things feel solid as we saw we had a strong first quarter there and where national accounts were up and down last year, at least we came out the gates with a nice national account quarter in the first quarter. And we think it will be low single-digits for the year. We were off to a nice start and customers feel good right now.
Charles Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond: Hey. Just back on Commercial, can we maybe just talk about what we see is driving the replacement up mid-teens? And then we've seen a lot of news flow about store closings and kind of e-commerce taking share from traditional retail. And how that is playing and kind of how your national account players are talking about business trends this year?
Todd Bluedorn: The big driver in the quarter was the planned replacement cycle. Emergency replacement was up year-over-year, but emergency replacement is a really a summer-selling-season phenomenon. It was driven in large part by planned replacement with national accounts and making plans and us executing on it. I mean, the move to e-commerce, I think, over the long term obviously will have some effects on our business and why we've so aggressively focused on diversifying our end markets. And so, five years or six years ago, the vast majority of what we call national accounts for retail now it's less than half of our "national account business" is retail, it's other verticals, convenience, fast food, entertainment, and so, we're diversifying up where we play. But even within our traditional retail channels, people still have – there's still a lot of rooftops out there. And if you look back at the big box build-out 10 years to 15 years ago, a lot of those were Lennox units, and it's a natural placement market for us, and that's what we're seeing.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. And then just on the buyback, I think you said the ASR would be done in 2Q, but it looks like put it to cash flow you bought $200 million. So, can you just explain the dynamic there?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yeah. We initiated the accelerated share purchase, Jeff, in the first quarter. It takes time to go ahead and execute that. So, we get a certain portion of those up front, similar to what we had done last time. And by the end of the second quarter, it should be wrapped up. The timing of that altered our guidance on the number of shares outstanding, and that's what we provided. So, we dialed it down slightly, but quite frankly, it was a slight rounding difference.
Jeffrey Hammond: So, you had been buying stock opportunistically outside the ASR?
Joseph Reitmeier: No, the ASR is what we initiated and that's all we have going, and all we've done in 2016 thus far.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Okay. And then, just real quick, back on, I guess, maybe across the businesses. Anything, the mild weather, any kind of pull-forward or impact on either your plan or ability to do planned replacement or the new construction demand you saw in Res? Thanks.
Joseph Reitmeier: No. I don't think so. I don't know. I understand your question and I think the short answer is no. I don't think we mortgaged the summer selling season for first quarter, where our customers pulled things forward naturally. I think it was more of just the lost opportunity on furnace sales for the quarter. To state the obvious, it will get cold again. And when it gets cold again, those furnaces will break and we'll replace them with. But we're going to have to wait until fourth quarter of 2016 to really see that market take off again.
Jeffrey Hammond: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from Gautam Khanna from Cowen & Company. Please go ahead.
Gautam Khanna: Yes. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi.
Gautam Khanna: First question. I just want to make sure I understand. Was there any change to the underlying EBIT guidance this year?
Todd Bluedorn: No.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. But I wanted to also ask on Kysor/Warren. How did it do in the first quarter and when do you anticipate this could actually get to breakeven?
Todd Bluedorn: We had a nice first quarter. I mean, you saw the Refrigeration margins up very nicely in first quarter, and a major driver of that was the continued turnaround at Kysor/Warren. Our Refrigeration business, first quarter to the fourth quarter in a row, on a year-over-year basis margins being up and so we think we're well into the turnaround that we talked about a year and a half, two years ago. And Kysor/Warren is a big piece of that. I understand the question about breakeven and I'm not going to answer it. But we're making nice progress on our Kysor/Warren business.
Gautam Khanna: Okay. And last question just on the SEER 14 transition. You mentioned we won't know until the summer, but can you characterize how much inventory you think is actually out there on the 13 units and how close we may be to [indiscernible]...
Todd Bluedorn: I really don't know what competitors have. I think we all know we need to burn it down by the end of June. So, the end of June, we're no longer able to sell it in the South or to California. And so, come the end of June, it'll all be gone and we'll know where we're at. We have enough to get us through the end of June we think for normal demand. We're not going to do anything extraordinary to move it because when we're done, if we still have – when the end of June comes and we still have some in the South, we'll just ship it to our Northern distribution points and sell it there. But I'm not exactly sure how much the competitors have.
Gautam Khanna: And maybe just a last one. You opened two PartsPlus stores in Q1. You're targeting at least 27 this year. What is sort of the – how does that look the rest of the year? Is that evenly distributed in terms of number of openings and does that have any impact on SG&A or any other items that we should be mindful of as we move on to [indiscernible]?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I don't think it has anything to do, certainly with SG&A. I think – the way I would think about it is if you have a revenue component to your model for 2017, when you layer in the incremental stores as we layer them in, it's – we've traditionally done more the second half of the year than the first half of the year. We're spending the first half of the year, quite frankly, converting dealers, working with dealers to leverage the investments we made in the prior year and then second half of the year we're putting in new locations to position us for the first quarter selling season with our dealers. And so, it tends to be second half of the year.
Gautam Khanna: Thank you very much, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Questions over Refrigeration. Several shipyards just doing well. But the two that sort of stood out, I think you said were negative, were Europe and Australia. Can you give a sort of a feel of what the trends are there? What do you think the future will look like in those regions?
Todd Bluedorn: I think Europe bounces around a little bit, I want to say. I think it's going to be – we're going to have flattish revenue there, I think, in 2016. We continue, I think, to gain share. The French market has stabilized a bit. But I think part of that was just chunkiness of some demand in the quarter. Australia continues to just be soft overall given the exposure to the mining economy where Refrigeration wholesale was our primary business there. And so we're tied to the overall broad economy, and I think that just reflects the overall market. And so, I think we'll be flat, maybe just slightly up in Australia on a full-year basis.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And in Commercial, your organic growth in Commercial really took off about the second quarter of last year. So, you've got these comps you're going up against. Is there anything – any one national account you won or anything along those lines that's – it was causing that – kind of good numbers last year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it was good numbers, I think it was. When you look back on the year last year, the second quarter when we took off, national accounts were flattish on a full-year basis, and it was really our other national account business some SEER replacements driven by radar to be a broken record, our success in schools and just the overall light commercial building growth that I think all North America saw. So, I think part of it was just, high seas that raised all boats. But I also think that the verticals that we were focused on, school specifically and then emergency replacement market we gained share in.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: And we have a question from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Richard Kwas: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Rich.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Kwas: Todd, on the Commercial piece, national accounts, so you go back to last year, you're down pretty significantly in the first quarter and came back nicely in the second quarter, I think you alluded to this year getting off to a less volatile start. You're up mid-single-digits. Do you see anything on the horizon here because it seemed like in the first half of last year, things moved around a bit and then it came through but bounced around a bit? Anything prospectively here that you see on the horizon that would impact – create that sort of volatility?
Todd Bluedorn: No – I think we continue to see solid backlogs. If you recall last year, first quarter we were down significantly mid-teens, and that got us off to a rocky start for the year. But we're continuing to see solid backlog as we enter in the second quarter. But again, we started to book and ship a lot. But overall, the customer is still solid in all our verticals in Commercial.
Richard Kwas: Okay. And then on the guide, just a clarification, so this – the ASR helps a bit on the EPS line. So, and you did it after you guided last time on the Q4 results. So, should we interpret this as maybe a little bit of cushion here, you didn't change the underlying metrics in terms of what you're expecting? So, just trying to interpret that with regards to the tax rate declining, adding $0.20 or so here to the outlook.
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's fair. I would spin it my way and say, we did a lot of this just on big round numbers, and $0.20 was a round number and we took the benefit of the round. But I think the message is – as we always do, let's get to second quarter and we'll true-up some of the longer-term, the full-year guidance on the EBIT side. And yeah, I think if you do the pure math on the share count and the tax rate, while I think it may not be as high as some have put in their early notes just because there's some expenses to us of implementing the tax benefit that sort of eats into a little bit of it, the answer is there's a little bit of cushion there. Yes is the short answer.
Richard Kwas: Okay. Understood. Thank you. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Lee Sandquist: Hi. This is Lee Sandquist on for Julie Mitchell.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi.
Lee Sandquist: For the RF, you previously mentioned that you expect to breakeven this year. How is this expectation tracking?
Todd Bluedorn: That's still where we're at. We had a nice first quarter for us. Again, off a very low base but we're gaining traction as we talked about before. We think the area where we're going to have the most success, and where we had the most success from first quarter so we can package it with our industry-leading rooftop. We think that gives us an edge and allows us to get specified in a market that is very much driven by the specifying engineers. But it was a – nice progress in the quarter but still a lot of work over the next few years to get to $100 million in revenue and certainly to get to breakeven this year.
Lee Sandquist: Great, thank you. You touched on the Canadian dollar a little bit. But I was wondering if you could parse out the FX guidance, on changing this – for this quarter in the full year? [indiscernible]
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I mean, again, it's early in the year. So, we're letting that sit where it's at which is a $20 million FX headwind. We'll – again, we'll true it up when we get halfway through the year. But right now, sort of what we're looking at on the future is in our best call. We think that's probably the right place to be.
Lee Sandquist: Great, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hey, Jeff.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey. A couple of quick ones, a lot of ground covered. Just on SG&A, you guys did mention that a couple of times in your remarks in the press release, it didn't actually go up more than I think 10 bps as a percent of sales in the quarter. So, are you suggesting there is something we should be aware of here as the year progresses, some investment program or something else of note?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think we're just trying to be complete and exhaustibly complete on sort of the pros and cons and to sort of, we had lots of good news for the quarter. We spent a little bit more on SG&A as a percentage of sales, I wouldn't read anything into it.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then I'm just wondering on the tax, Joe. Should we expect that to come through directly in cash taxes also?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yeah. A lot of that will come through in cash taxes. I'll give you a little more guidance on how to think about the rate, because I think that matters, too. For the first half of the year, I would expect the tax rate to be around 30%, 31%. And then for the second half about 33% so that the full year will be a 32% effective rate.
Jeffrey Sprague: And you did mention that it allows you to use tax losses and things like that. Wouldn't those ultimately get exhausted? Maybe if they're just so many, it's beyond our horizon to think about.
Joseph Reitmeier: Yeah, the tax – foreign tax credits were only a portion of the benefits. And once again, some of the restructuring afforded us the ability to gain access to lower tax rates internationally. And that will be this more longer-term structural sustainable benefit that will keep us at 32% beyond 2016.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great. And then, just back to education. Do you see any bifurcation in where the demand is, K-to-12 versus higher end, and is that even relevant to your business?
Joseph Reitmeier: Our strength is K-to-12. We play in higher education, but quite a few of those projects are applied projects, even district heating or district cooling, very large applied projects. Our bread-and-butter is K-12.
Jeffrey Sprague: Right. Thank you.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Josh.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: I know the price costs or price mix was a headwind in Resi in the first quarter on account of the furnace dynamic. But maybe on the AC side, any comment there on how that trend had done?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think it was – well, I think it was a strong quarter. I think you saw it in the margins. So, we were up over 150 basis points, even in the face of this mixed downturn in furnaces. And so the – and then I also talked about – although I didn't give a whole lot of color, other than to say it's steady as she goes on the 2013 to 2014 transition, which is code for – that's holding up, as we had expected, in our guide. So, price mix continue to – you see in the margin expansion for Resi.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you. You wouldn't classify that as maybe digging a bit of a hole in the first quarter and just seeing the positive indicators for the rest of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: Say it one more time?
Joshua Pokrzywinski: You wouldn't characterize it as maybe digging a hole in the first quarter on the furnace side that AC makes up over the balance of the year? It sounds like you would call it as generally on plan.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think you're right. I mean, we didn't plan for it to be a warm first quarter, and so we had some headwinds there. But we still think, on a full-year basis, $5 million of Resi mix is the right number.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay. And then just shifting over to Refrigeration, price mix there being a headwind. It's a little surprising with the Wal-Mart business. I guess, what else is going on there that we should think about? And how does that play out over the balance?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it continues to be that. I think it's the – the bulk – when I think about our Refrigeration business, and specifically Kysor/Warren, when we drive volume, that helps us, but there's some negative mix associated with it, as we pick up display business specifically at Wal-Mart. It becomes a headwind for us. Net-net, it's good business for us. And so, one piece of the P&L, it's good news; another piece of the P&L, it's bad news. Net-net, it's overall good news, and that's why we saw margins up over 300 basis points in Refrigeration.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Actually, that's helpful. And, I guess, just to maybe zoom out here and revisit the guidance topic. Obviously, it's just 8% or whatever it is of your total year here in the first quarter. But it seems like you have a lot of items in the goody bag here between tax in this quarter, and maybe the Canadian dollar as well, which you'll look at later. Is this just a matter of getting through 2Q, or is there some other event that isn't necessarily like 2Q-specific that you want to see as well?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, just getting through the quarter. I mean, I'll maybe reflect on what I said earlier. I think we're consistent on this. We've had some first quarters where I think people were surprised we didn't lower our guidance for full year, given how we came out of the gates. But we sort of stayed to it, and the second and third quarter is so important for us. And when we have a nice first quarter, and to use your phrase, a goody bag that at least has some goodies in it, we got to get through second and third quarter to really sort of have full visibility on the year. And so, I just think it's sort of false position to be adjusting it now. We're off to a strong start. I think that's the message on the call. We're off to a strong start. Let's not get carried away, but we're off to a strong start.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Understood. And then just one follow-up for Joe. Not to get too deep in the weeds, but a 32% tax rate this year probably says the rest of the year were a little under 32%. Is that the right run rate, or are we just rounding kind of nuance at this point?
Joseph Reitmeier: It's pretty close. What I think will happen was – first quarter was 34.3%. As I mentioned, for the first half, we'll be at about 30% – at about 31%, and then for the second half, it'll be 33%. And once again, I'll leave you with those variables.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you. All right. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert McCarthy from Stifel. Please, go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning, everyone. Obviously, you don't want to touch on 2Q or April too much, but could you talk about, potentially, just the impact of the Easter shift? And then any fundamental commentary about how the weather's kind of shaking out initially in terms of heating degree days, or anything we can just hang our hat on for April?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's early to talk weather. I mean, it needs to get warmer, but I think it will – I'll go on a limb and say, it's going to warmer. So, I think it's warming up. I don't – the Easter has some effect. I think, the thing I'd give you is more anecdotal, which is we have fewer meetings every year. We're going to meet thousands of dealers. I think it was eight or nine locations this year. Our dealers are optimistic. People are excited. Those of you, who do channel checks, I think are seeing the same trend. All the macroeconomic indicators that we look at for our business are all green. So, I think consumers are ready to spend money. I think they're willing to spend money to upgrade their systems. And so – and I think pent-up demand's still in the market. So, I'm not trying to show any more caution than I normally would, given that's just first quarter, and we have to get through the summer selling season. But, I mean, it's steady as she goes.
Robert McCarthy: And I may be getting this wrong, but given the mild weather, I think you made some comments in the past, going last 4Q, given the mild weather, I think you experienced then, that it actually puts you in a pretty good inventory position overall on the – for the spring and summer season on the Resi side? Is that correct, or any incremental commentary there?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't think they're connected.
Robert McCarthy: Yeah.
Todd Bluedorn: The way I'd answer that question. And maybe some of our competitors who have independent distribution, I mean, we're...
Robert McCarthy: Yeah.
Todd Bluedorn: We have both available, and people want to buy. I think what we saw with our dealers is without getting too far in the weeds, there tends to be multiple loads of dealers with furnaces during a furnace selling season. So, we'll buy a bunch beginning of the year and then – or beginning of the furnace selling season, and then they'll – some of them will buy big inventory loads partway through the winter selling season. And what we saw this year was that second load really didn't happen. And so, people just waited for the weather, and buy once he chooses, because they needed them from us. And so, they don't have a lot of furnace inventory, and I won't expect them to, but they have – the HVAC or air conditioning inventory that we are selling to them. And so, they're ready for the summer selling season. We're ready to support them.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. So, you see no connection to the summer selling season in terms of the mild weather on the shoulder quarters at all?
Todd Bluedorn: Nope.
Robert McCarthy: Okay. And then just finally, on just kind of corporate, is there a specific full-year run rate you're thinking about there for corporate? It looks like we modeled a little heavy, and that might be more my problem in than yours. But I just want to get...
Todd Bluedorn: Our guide, Robert, $85 million.
Robert McCarthy: $85 million. Okay. Great. Thanks to for your time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Robert McCarthy: All right.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Tim Wojs with Baird. Please, go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Hey guys, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Tim.
Tim Wojs: Hey, just a quick one for me on the builder portion in Resi, the new construction piece. I know you had an easier comp, and weather might have been a little bit more favorable, but any change in how some of those builder customers are thinking about the pace of construction this year?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, I understand your question. But I characterize it as steady as she goes. We'd call for full year, up about 10%, and that still feels about right to us. And while the warm weather hurt furnace sales, it helped housing starts. And so, I think that was part of it also.
Tim Wojs: Great. Okay. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And our last question of the day comes from the line of Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please, go ahead.
Walter Liptak: All right. Thanks. Appreciate making the cut. And apologize for beating a dead horse on this weather thing, but the heating degree day is down 16%, seems significant, but it didn't show up in your mid-single-digit Resi growth. I wonder if you could tell us how much was furnace down. And on the cooling side, how much was cooling up to offset that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah.
Walter Liptak: And then if there was any regional impacts, like if you saw southern states with better cooling that offset the furnaces?
Todd Bluedorn: Broadly speaking, in first quarter, our furnace sales are 40% to 45% of our volume, and our furnace sales were slightly down. And so, I'll let you do the backward math on air conditioners. And where we were impacted the most is where you'd expect, which is in the northeast and the mid-central.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And then also on the 14 SEER, the steady as she goes comment. Does that mean steady as she goes from the fourth quarter? Because I think you had a step up in SEER mix in the fourth quarter, or is it – was the SEER mix similar to what it was in the first quarter of last year?
Todd Bluedorn: My comment certainly was less about the mix of revenue, more about the pricing erosion of 14 SEER, as 13 SEER goes away. And so, we've articulated from the beginning of this that the biggest risk we felt on this transition would be how much the price of a 14 SEER moved towards what 13 SEER was. And we said, we baked into our guide some erosion. But so far, it's holding up quite frankly a little bit better than we expected. And we'll know better once it's all gone. So, it's more about what's happening with pricing.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Fair enough. What is the SEER mix looking like in the first quarter? Was it a step up from where it was last year?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. Someone's handed me a note that's saying, it was up 21 points, 14 SEER and above. But that – I think, that's just natural. I think the short answer is in the south, almost all builders are now buying 14 SEER. And even on the replacement side, we're seeing a big swing towards 14 SEER. And then, obviously, by the time we get to end of June, 100% in the south and California will be 14 SEER. So, I think it's less about how quickly the move's taking place. I think it's more about what's happening with price.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And it looks like we do have a follow-up question from the line of Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Yeah. Just one more thing, on currency moves, any implicit benefit from peso on the quarter or anything along those lines, or you just don't think it's material?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it all – we're still sticking to the guide right now that we had, which was FX headwind of $20 million. And currencies have moved a little bit over the last month. I think the one that affected us the most probably is Canadian dollar. But I think it will shake out over here, and we'll revisit it in June.
Robert McCarthy: I'll leave it there.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Great. Thanks, Robert.
Todd Bluedorn: I want to thank everyone for joining us. A few points to leave you with. And again I think this is the mantra, what I was trying to make – or saying during the Q&A. It's early in the year, but 2016's off to a strong start for us. The momentum is continuing, as we enter second quarter. We expect strong revenue growth and margin expansion across all three of our businesses this year and another record year of profitability and strong cash generation for the company overall. I want to thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-08 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Todd Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer Joseph Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer Steve Harrison - Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Steve Tusa - JP Morgan Robert Barry - Susquehanna Ryan Merkel - William Blair Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Jonny Wright - Nomura Tim Wojs - Robert W. Baird Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Shannon O’Callaghan - UBS Jeffrey Sprague - Vertical Research Keith Hughes - SunTrust Walter Liptak - Seaport Global Robert McCarthy - Stifel Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings conference call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2015. I’m here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn, and CFO Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year, and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions during the Q&A, please limit yourself initially to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast to today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay.  I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For more information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me start with a quick review of 2015 overall and then we’ll discuss the fourth quarter in more detail. 2015 was a year of strong growth and margin expansion for Lennox International. Both our residential and commercial businesses set new records for revenue, margin and profit, and our refrigeration business saw strong growth in margin expansion starting in the second half of the year.  Overall for the company, revenue was up 7% at constant currency and total segment profit margin expanded 80 basis points to a record 10.9% for the year. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 17% from the prior year to a record $5.14. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $4.11 for the full year, including the previously announced non-cash impairment charge in our Kysor/Warren refrigerated display case business.  2015 growth was led by our residential business. Residential revenue was up 9% at constant currency and margins expanded 130 basis points to a record 14.9%. Revenue from both replacement and new construction business was up high single digits for the year. We outgrew the North America market, captured price, saw improved mix, and reduced costs. We drove record margins in residential while continuing to expand distribution and investment for future growth. In commercial, revenue was up 6% at constant currency for the year and margin expanded 60 basis points to a record 14.7%. In North America, national account equipment revenue was soft, as we discussed over the quarters, and finished down mid-single digits for the year. On the service side, national accounts service revenue was up high single digits and our non-national account equipment business revenue was up mid-teens at constant currency. In the second half of 2015, we saw increasing traction in the VRF market in North America, and momentum continues to build in that business. In Europe, commercial HVAC revenue was up mid-single digits at constant currency.  Refrigeration revenue was up 3% at constant currency for 2015. On a full-year basis, refrigeration margin was flat at 7.4%, but we saw significant expansion in the second half of the year on the ramp-up of major new supermarket business and having a negative year-over-year comparison from the repeal of the carbon tax in Australia behind us. For 2016, we continue to expect about 100 basis points of margin expansion to approximately 8.5% for our refrigeration business.  Turning to fourth quarter, total company revenue was up 7% at constant currency and total segment margin expanded 30 basis points to a fourth quarter record 9.7%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was a fourth quarter record of $1.11, up 9% from the prior year quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.25 compared to $1.00 in the fourth quarter a year ago, including the Kysor/Warren impairment charges I mentioned earlier. Let’s talk about residential. In residential business in the fourth quarter, volume and mix were negatively impacted by the record warm weather in the U.S. Residential revenue was up 8% at constant currency and with more seasonal weather, our growth would have even been greater. Profit was flat and margin was down due to negative Canadian foreign exchange, lower factory absorption than a year ago driven by last year’s $77 million inventory pre-build to support the minimum efficiency regulatory change, and unfavorable mix driven by a lower mix of furnace products and replacement business both resulting from the warmer weather and a higher mix of residential national accounts in new construction. A lot there, I know, but simply stated, the record warm weather negatively impacted our residential business both in volume and in mix. More recently, we have seen weather cool down in the first quarter and our residential business is off to a nice start. We are seeing momentum for strong growth and margin expansion in the first quarter, as well as for 2016 overall.  Turning to commercial, in the fourth quarter revenue was up 7% at constant currency and margin expanded 70 basis points to 15.3%. In North America, commercial equipment revenue was up high single digits at constant currency, with national account revenue down mid-single digits and non-national account revenue up more than 20%. On the services side, national accounts services revenue was up low double digits. In Europe, commercial HVAC revenue was up low single digits at constant currency. In refrigeration, revenue was up 3% at constant currency in the fourth quarter led by growth in North America supermarket business. Refrigeration margin expanded 180 basis points to 8.8%. From a regional perspective at constant currency, Asia was up more than 30%, North America and Europe were up mid-single digits, Australia was down low single digits, and South America was down low double digits on a slowdown in Brazil, as expected. Looking ahead at 201 overall for the company, we expect another year of strong growth and profitability across all three of our businesses. With a strong balance sheet and record cash generation, we continue to be well positioned to make investments to drive future growth, raise the dividend with earnings over time, and repurchase stock, including plans for $200 million in 2016. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning everyone. I’ll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with residential heating and cooling.  In the fourth quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was $431 million, which was up 7%. Volume was up 9% and price and mix combined was down 1%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue.  Residential profit was a fourth quarter record $57 million, which was relatively flat with the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 13.2%, which was down 90 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume and lower material costs, with offsets from foreign exchange, unfavorable mix, strategic investments in distribution expansion, and lower factory absorption than the prior year quarter, as Todd discussed. For the full year, residential segment revenue was a record $1.87 billion, which was up 8%. Volume was up 7% and price and mix combined was up 2%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Segment profit was a record $278 million, which was up 18%. Segment profit margin was a record 14.9%, which was up 130 basis points. Now turning to our commercial heating and cooling business, commercial revenue was a fourth quarter record $227 million, which was up 2%. Volume was up 6% and price and mix combined was flat. Foreign exchange had a negative 4% impact on revenue. North America commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up mid-single digits. Europe commercial HVAC revenue was down low double digits including the negative foreign exchange impact, although up at constant currency, as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit was a fourth quarter record $35 million, up 7% from the prior quarter. Segment profit margin was 15.3%, which was up 70 basis points, and segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume and lower material costs, with a partial offset from negative foreign exchange.  For the full year, commercial revenue was a record $887 million, which was up 1%. Volume was up 6% and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis, and foreign exchange had a negative 5% impact on revenue. Segment profit was a record $130 million, which was up 5%. Segment profit margin was a record 14.7%, up 60 basis points.  In our refrigeration segment, revenue in the fourth quarter was $176 million, and that was down 5%. Volume was up 3% and price and mix combined was flat, with foreign exchange having a negative 8% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective, Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency; however on a reported basis, Asia was up more than 20%, North America was up mid-single digits, Europe was down high single digits, Australia was down high teens, and South America was down more than 40%. Segment profit was $15 million, which was up 18% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 8.8%, up 180 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by lower material costs and higher productivity, with partial offsets from negative foreign exchange, unfavorable mix, and higher SG&A. For the full year, refrigeration revenue was $713 million, which was down 5%. Volume was up 4% and price and mix combined was down 1% on a revenue basis. Foreign exchange had a negative 8% impact. Segment profit was $53 million, and that was down 5%. Segment profit margin was 7.4%, and that was flat with the prior year.  Regarding special items in the fourth quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $39.1 million. This amount includes $32.6 million for the non-cash impairment charges related to the Kysor/Warren refrigerated display case business, as we had previously announced. We also had a $3.8 million one-time inventory write-down and $2.7 million of other items net in the quarter. For the full year, the company had net after-tax special charges totaling $47 million, and that was predominantly from the fourth quarter items mentioned. Corporate expenses were approximately $27 million in the fourth quarter, and that was flat with the prior year quarter. For the full year, corporate expenses were $84 million, up from the $74 million in the prior year on investments to support company growth. Overall, SG&A was $151 million in the fourth quarter compared to $148 million in the prior year quarter, and for 2015 SG&A was $581 million, and that was up 1%. The company had record cash generation in the fourth quarter with cash from operations of $224 million. With capital spending of $23 million, the company also had record free cash flow of approximately $202 million. That was up from $134 million in the prior quarter. For the full year, cash from operations was a record $331 million. With capital spending of $70 million, the company had record free cash flow of $261 million, up from $98 million in the prior year.  Total debt was $744 million at the end of December, and we ended the year with a debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.7. Cash and cash equivalents were $39 million at the end of December. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2016. One month into the year, our underlying market assumptions for 2016 remain the same. For the industry overall, we expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North American commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits, and we expect North American refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits for the industry.  Based on this underlying market environment and our targets for market share gains, revenue growth guidance for Lennox International remains 4 to 8% at constant currency for 2016. We now expect a negative one point impact from foreign exchange for the full year for revenue growth guidance of 3 to 7% at actual currency. Foreign exchange and commodities have been moving quite a bit, with foreign exchange unfavorably and commodities favorably. But the bottom line, our guidance for EPS from continuing operations for the full year remains a range of $6.10 to $6.60.  Now let me run through some of the key points in our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2016. First, the guidance points that have changed since mid-December. We now expect foreign exchange to have a $20 million negative impact on earnings, an increase from our prior guidance of $5 million of negative impact. Most of this headwind is coming from the Canadian dollar, with some from the Australian dollar as well. We have a strong position in Canada, which was 6% of the company’s revenue last year. The guidance for $20 million of headwind from foreign exchange assumes we continue to get some additional price in Canada to mitigate the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar, and we’re working to capture additional price in Canada the first quarter. On the commodities front, we now expect a $25 million benefit to earnings for the full year, which is up from our prior guidance of $15 million. We now expect a $15 million benefit from price, up from our prior guidance of $10 million.  To review our guidance points that have remained the same, we still target $35 million of savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs. We expect to see $11 million of incremental savings this year from our second plant in Mexico, and we continue to assume a $5 million benefit from residential mix in 2016. A few other guidance points that are unchanged: corporate expense is expected to be approximately $85 million, we still expect net interest expense for the full year of about $29 million, our effective tax rate guidance remains 34 to 35% on a full-year basis, and we continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be between 44 and 45 million shares, which includes our plans to repurchase $200 million of stock this year. Capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $95 million for the full year, and we’re targeting free cash flow of $250 million in 2016. With that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator instructions] First we’ll go to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey, good morning guys. So just wanted to go back to residential margins and maybe just overall kind of where the--because it seemed like top line was okay, so I just want to understand better where the shortfall came in versus the low end of the guidance, and maybe just speak to the residential margin.
Todd Bluedorn: Well, let me just unpack it a couple ways, Jeff. What we said in the call or in the script was the record warm weather impacted both volume and mix, but we were up at 8% to constant currency. As we started the month of December, we actually thought we were going to do better than that, and then the continued warm weather hurt us. My guess is you looked at heating degree days - they were down 20% in December versus last year, 20% versus the quarter, down 30% versus normal in December, so in December down 30% from a normal December, which we were sort of betting that we might have. Also it affected the mix. We make more money on furnaces than we do on air conditioners, and the furnace mix was down. Typically--well, the industry were a magnitude 50% furnaces in fourth quarter, and the warm weather really impacted that mix for us and for the industry. Also, the foreign exchange hurt us, especially the Canadian dollar weakening versus the U.S. dollar, and it weakened sharply from the beginning of the month of December to the end of the month of December. So specifically on why we missed the low end of our guidance, it was the warmer weather in December than even we thought, as well as the Canadian dollar depreciation.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Just on buyback, I think at the December meeting you talked about kind of open market purchases, but clearly the stock’s been under a lot of pressure here year-to-date. How are you thinking the same or differently about that? 
Todd Bluedorn: You know, we’re still thinking through the right way to do this, and as I’ve said before, I don’t want to surprise people on the what but I don’t mind surprising you on the how. We’re still thinking through the right way to be most beneficial to our shareholders on the share buyback, but we’re committed to doing a minimum of $200 million of share buyback, and to your point, where the stock is now, it’s a better deal than when it was $1.35. 
Jeff Hammond: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey guys, good morning. Could you just maybe unpack the forex impact on the actual margin performance in the fourth quarter resi, maybe?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I’ll even broaden it. If we look at on a year-over-year basis fourth quarter, we think FX had a negative impact of $3 million to $4 million. We think the weather impact I talked about, both on volume and margins, had a $3 million to $4 million, and then we think the lower factory absorption because of pre-build last year had a $2 million to $3 million impact. Now all that being said, to just sort of underline the good news, is we’re off to a nice start in Q1 with the weather cooling down and sort of back on the trajectory we’ve been on over the last three or four years, which is margin expansion in residential. 
Steve Tusa: Right, and that mix dynamic you’re kind of speaking to, you said price mix combined with negative 2.5, when you say mix on that, I guess is that just furnaces are a higher price? It doesn’t say--you’re raising, or at least you’re reaffirming your resi mix forecast for this year, for ’16, so it doesn’t sound like it’s necessarily a 13, 14, 15 SEER thing. It’s more product mix?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I just want to underline that hard. It has nothing to do with the regulatory change. What drove the mix impact in fourth quarter simplistically is the weather, so we have big fourth quarters in furnaces, it’s half of the industry. We’re a strong furnace company - it’s even usually more than half for us. The warm weather drove down the percentage of our product sales that were furnaces versus a normal fourth quarter, and we make higher margins, so we define that obviously as mix. The other impact was we make more money on replacement than we do on new construction, and the warm weather as a percentage of sales drove down the mix of add-on and replacement and drove up the mix as a percentage of sales of new construction. Again, I think it’s all sort of in a box tied--largely speaking tied to weather, if not exclusively weather, and as we’re going into first quarter and the weather has cooled down, as I mentioned, to repeat myself, not be quite like Senator Rubio, but we’re heading in the right direction and margin expansion is going the way it has over the last three or four years.
Steve Tusa: Wow - you went there. Didn’t think you were going to go there, but you went there.
Todd Bluedorn: I couldn’t help it. 
Steve Tusa: On the Texas economy, anything you’re seeing there that makes you nervous from the impact from oil?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, it’s not affecting--even in Houston, there’s still lots of new construction, still replacement taking place. I understand the big overhang and the fear of the plunging oil prices, but we may the only industry, I guess, that it’s a benefit for. We drive a lot of trucks around, and that’s down, and in some ways it’s a tax decrease to consumers and that helps us, so we have to look hard to find anything negative to us as an industry on lower fuel prices.
Steve Tusa: One last question for you. Tyco, JCI coming together, I don’t really know how resi fits there. They haven’t really opined on what they’re going to do on that front. Is there kind of a--perhaps you kind of toggle the buyback a little bit in the near term, just in case that gets spit out there? I know you’ve talked about in the past that you think you could improve that business. What’s your take there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I’d break it into three or four things. One is, as you said, we’d like to participate in industry consolidation, and we think if we owned the York Unitary asset, we could create value at the right price for shareholders. Two is it’s really JCI’s call on what they do. My guess is they’re pretty busy right now, and will be for a while. Three is we think we can do both if we had to, but tied to what Jeff asked earlier, given where the stock price is, we’re going to be fearless on share buyback.
Steve Tusa: Right, and sorry - one last quick one. All the price increases, normal kind of pricing environment out there, even with commodities down, everything kind of okay on that front?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, you heard Joe guide to price up a bit. That reflects an additional price increase that we’re putting in effect March 1 in Canada, given the weakening of the Canadian dollar. So again, we’re aggressively pushing price.
Steve Tusa: Okay, that makes sense. Thanks a lot. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we go to Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey guys, good morning. Just wanted to follow up on a couple things. First, the Canadian dollar - I mean, it’s been kind of a pressure for a while, but honestly for you guys, it seemed kind of an underwhelming one. Any reason it really ticked up this quarter - hedges, pricing cadence, anything?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think it’s been pressured all year. The FX impact that we had, and I have all the ’16 numbers in my head but I think the ’15 number was close to 25, $25 million of FX as I’m looking to my left here. A lot of that was the Canadian dollar, and then just within the month of December, the Canadian dollar weakened pretty severely versus the U.S. dollar, I think 4 or 5%, and that just had some impact because it takes us a while to pass the price on in response, and now we have another price increase March 1. 
Robert Barry: Got you. Did you guys say how much the RNC was up in 4Q? I think you said mid-single for the year.
Todd Bluedorn: I’m looking around the room - 17%.
Robert Barry: Seventeen - yeah. I mean, I think that would be--well first of all, what’s happening there? Is that just starts and completes? Are you gaining share? You didn’t call that out as one of the drivers of the mix headwind, but I think it would be. Any thoughts there?
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is it is absolutely part of the mix headwind, and I think we said it in the script - at least I meant to, maybe I didn’t read it right, but we think the warm weather affected us both with furnaces being down and air conditioners being up, which hurts us, and add-on and replacement down as a percent and residential new construction up, and both those had negative impacts to us for the quarter. I’m not so sure we’re gaining share. I just think the warm weather allowed starts and completions to continue to flow in the quarter more than it did last year.
Robert Barry: Got you, so it’s in the weather bucket. Just one last one on steel. I know you updated the commodities guidance. I was curious what was driving that. I know you guys had been concerned about some perhaps some tariff regime changes on the steel front. Just any update there, and to what extent is that driving the change? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Your speculation is correct. We withheld some of the benefit of steel because we weren’t sure it was going to be there, but given the softening economy and the unlikelihood of any kind of high tariff impact to us, at least within the year, we’re getting more comfortable. Also, we buy our steel prices a quarter in arrears. It’s another way of saying we already know what the first four months of 2016 look like for our steel pricing, so we’re getting increasingly comfortable in the benefit, and that’s reflected in the new guide. 
Robert Barry: Got you. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Merkel with William Blair. Please go ahead.
Ryan Merkel: Thanks. So first, it’s nice to hear that the first quarter is off to a good start. Can we think of that as partly delayed furnace sales kind of shifting into the first quarter? Is that fair?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Ryan Merkel: Okay, and then secondly, maybe just an update on the refrigeration business. The margins there are tracking nicely. Is there perhaps maybe an upward bias to your guidance for over 100 basis points of margin expansion in ’16?
Todd Bluedorn: Look - the honest answer is our internal plans are to do better than that, but also last year, I guided up 50 points in 2015 and we were flat, so things can happen. We’re committed to getting 100 basis points or more in the refrigeration business, it’s the things that we’ve talked about - the ramp-up in our Wal-Mart business, at our Kysor/Warren factories, continued margin expansion and cost take-out, and a higher portion of our material cost reduction ’15 and in ’16 is focused on the refrigeration business, and that’s helping the margin improvements. 
Ryan Merkel: And then just lastly on Canada, just an update on the economy there and how are trends for you guys - getting worse, staying the same? Just an update there would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: I think the Canadian economy, other than in Calgary and sort of the oil areas, is fine and chugging along, both on new construction and on add-on and replacement. The weather obviously in fourth quarter hurt us, but it’s cooled down over the last 35, 40 days in Canada and it’s heading in the right direction. I mean, we do over 10% of our residential business in Canada. We’re strong there, and so when the Canadian dollar weakens, that hurts us from a profitability viewpoint but we’re doing fine on share, and I think the market’s fine.
Ryan Merkel: Great, thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning everyone. Todd, I know you don’t give quarterly guidance, but when we think about the first quarter, I know your comments around tracking on margin, you feel pretty good at this point. But last year at this time, replacement demand was pretty good in Q1, new construction was down, so do we think of that as a mix headwind when we’re thinking about modeling this over the next couple quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we’re going to have margin expansion all year in residential, and the way we see it now, we’re going to have margin expansion in first quarter. Even with the headwinds that you talked about, I think add-on and replacement, I think the earlier call sort of hinted at it, is there is some pull-forward, if that’s the right phrase, or I guess pushback is a better phrase of some furnace replacements that didn’t happen in fourth quarter, that are now happening in first quarter that should help us. There’s also the benefits of the ramp-up of our Saltillo factory and the material cost reduction benefit, so we still feel good about resi margins. Now, the one caution I’d put out there is always the case, which is March is a huge month for first quarter. That’s 40 to 50% of our revenue is during one month, so we feel pretty good right now but I’ll feel better April 1.
Rich Kwas: I think at the--if I recall, about 40% of your product is financed. Is that correct, on the residential side?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that’s order of magnitude probably right.
Rich Kwas: Are you seeing anything around the edges, around the duration or maybe a little bit less availability? Any problems along those lines, or is it pretty much status quo?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s status quo, Rich. I’ll be honest with you - I haven’t had a detailed conversation with our team in a while on that subject. They usually raise the red flag pretty early if there’s any issues, so the silence indicates to me that there’s no issue. We just had a big sales meeting earlier--or excuse me, late last week. I was with the sales guys and no one brought it up to me, so I think we’re not seeing any issues there.
Rich Kwas: Okay. Last one on commercial - so with non-national account as strong as it has been and national account moderating and down, does that--I would think that helps your mix in commercial, but if you can just help understand that as we think about margins for commercial.
Todd Bluedorn: We actually make more money on national accounts than we do on non-national account business, if you can believe that. The answer is even though you’d think the buying power of the large retailers would cripple us, it’s our absolute most technologically advanced product and they’re willing to pay for the technology, because we can do things that others can’t. So it’s actually the other way - when national accounts are down, that’s a margin hit to us.
Rich Kwas: Okay, great. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Operator: We’ll go to Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi, thank you. Just a follow-up around the commercial trends in North America, if you’ve seen any sort of order push-outs or delays of conversion of pipeline into your orders, and any sort of updates on the push-outs of planned replacement in retail that you talked about as a potential risk back in mid-December.
Todd Bluedorn: We actually did a little bit better in commercial than what we thought we were going to do when we gave that guide, so some of those national accounts, we were able to deliver in fourth quarter. Commercial national account revenue was down mid-single digits in 2015. We now expect it to be closer to flat in 2016, so we don’t see a bump-up but maybe the deterioration slows down a little bit. The non-national account revenue was up mid-teens at constant currency in ’15, and we continue to see broad momentum in that business. It was up 20%-plus in Q4. As we’ve gotten into Q1, it’s not that kind of level but we still think we’re going to have a nice Q1 and be up in revenue.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Then on refrigeration, you talked earlier about the margin outlook, but how about just on the end markets by region? You characterized the sort of expected market growth back in December across five geographies. Any change in view on those today?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think it’s still about the same. Our most important market is North America, and we think it’s down low single digits. We’ll continue--you know, the Brazil market will continue to be challenging, Europe we think up a bit, Australia sort of flattish, and China we think even in a slower growth rate, we’re still going to be up mid-single digits as an end market in China.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. Lastly on refrigeration, pricing - you talked about a healthy environment for HVAC pricing. Is the same true of refrigeration, or it’s more uneven?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s more uneven. I mean, it’s just a more challenging market to get price than in HVAC, but we continue to--if we can take advantage of our material cost reductions and able to pass on some price, then that’s a win for us and that’s sort of where we’re focused on.
Julian Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonny Wright with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Jonny Wright: Good morning, guys. Do you mind if I get an update on the VRF side of things, kind of where you are with the investments right now and what contribution you’re looking for in 2016?
Todd Bluedorn: Our best guess, over the last couple of years it’s been a net investment. We think it’s going to be breakeven or so in 2016 as we continue to grow the business. As we’ve talked about, we think we have a five-year roadmap to get this thing in the order of magnitude of $100 million of revenue, high single digit [ROS], and as mentioned in the script over the last quarter or so, we started to really gain traction with some specific end markets. I think where we find where we do the best is where we can package our rooftop business, so schools, healthcare, low-rise office buildings where they’re sort of multi-use. If we can specify both rooftops and VRF, that gives us an advantage rather than just going in purely with the VRF play, but we’re gaining traction and we think it will be breakeven in ’16. 
Jonny Wright: Okay, great. Thank you. Then I know you guys always have some adjustments you put out below the line, but there’s a bit of step-up this year when you include the Kysor/Warren impairment cost. Do you expect that to normalize in ’16, or is there anything else you think is worth calling out this year that had an impact there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it will normalize. These things tend to be chunky one way or another, and it was a chunky year in ’15. 
Jonny Wright: All right guys, thanks.
Operator: We have a question from Tim Wojs with Baird. Please go ahead.
Tim Wojs: Yes, hey guys, good morning. Just a couple quick housekeeping items. On the Canada price, what’s the expectation for that to be implemented, just in terms of time frame?
Todd Bluedorn: March 1, deliveries after March 1.
Tim Wojs: Okay, and then what’s the--you’re still unsure how you’re going to do the buyback for the year, but what’s actually embedded in the guide?
Todd Bluedorn: I think what’s embedded in the guide is we do $200 million, and then we gave you the share count, so I think you can sort of back into how we’re thinking about it. But you know, again just to sort of--I think we know what we’re going to do, we’re just not talking about it right now. We’re still talking about it with the board.
Tim Wojs: Fair enough. All right, take care. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go to Josh Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning guys. Just a follow-up on some of the earlier questions about the step into 1Q. Todd, I don’t know if you mentioned it specifically, but I guess seasonally you always see a step-down in residential profitability, just given the lower absorption in fourth quarter, but it sounds like if weather is starting to go your way, if mix is starting to go your way, maybe there’s some opportunity to catch up a little bit on price in Canada, and obviously only one month of it. But should we see a much lower than normal drop in the operating margin there in resi in the first quarter, or is there a chance that that could be up? Just any way to dimension some of that more qualitative commentary?
Todd Bluedorn: I think just sort of the math of it would be our margins were down in fourth quarter, and I’m saying the margins are going to be up in first quarter, so just I think those two facts would tell you that it’s going to be closer than normal.
Josh Pokrzywinski: That’s helpful. Then just back to commercial - I know you guys broke down kind of the performance of national accounts versus non-national accounts, but any shifts in the environment more broadly? Never mind push-outs specifically, but anything you’re seeing from customers in terms of trading down or any kind of caution that you’re seeing on that front, price competition, anything of that nature?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think, look - the world is spinning pretty fast right now, and we have our ear to the ground - mixing metaphors, right - but we have our ear to the ground to see if the world’s changing. So far, it’s steady as she goes. The national account customers are lumpy and they push out and they pull in, things move; and the non-national account business, which has been on a tear for 18 months or so, was very strong in fourth quarter and we haven’t seen any changes to--like I said, it’s probably not going to be up 20% like it was in fourth quarter, but we’re still feeling good about the non-national account business. Pricing and mix continues to sort of chug along as we would expect.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Is there any expectation that some of that lumpiness on the national accounts side maybe becomes a little bit more stubborn, I guess just what’s going on with the retailers in the stores themselves? Maybe some of that is tied to weather for them as well, but clearly a bit more choppiness on their fundamentals these days, and maybe just lumpiness.
Todd Bluedorn: Fair enough, and we’ll see how it plays out. You can defer these things for a year or two, but the operating--if you have the cash, the operating cost savings is so important to retail chains, you’re going to spend the money. As we talked about last year, part of the issue to us with some of the national account push-outs was not only pressure on their top lines and therefore they didn’t want to spend money, it was fighting for capital for investments for online and IT investments they were making. Again, I think the more pressure they’re feeling on the bottom line, I think the more likely they’re going to make investments, capital investments with us because we can make it a year and a half, two-year payback for them, which is better, I think, than any other investment they can make. So we’ll see how it plays out, but we’re cautiously optimistic for national accounts in 2016.
Josh Pokrzywinski: All right, thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: We’ll go to Shannon O’Callaghan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Morning guys. On the residential, it was up 8% even with the negative weather impact. You said it would have been better without that. What do you think you would have been up in a normal weather quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we could have had another point or two.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay. Maybe just taking this commercial question again, in terms of that 20% growth in the quarter, and even your other quarters this year have been pretty strong, any key vertical markets that you think are particularly strong there, or places where you’ve done particularly well?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve done very well in schools this year. Our school business is up 20%-plus, and I think that’s a focus on them spending more money but also us having a dedicated sales channel, dedicated sales people, dedicated inside sales people. Light industrial has been reasonably strong, and some of the smaller retailers who aren’t our national accounts, we continue to sell to. So I think it’s strong across multiple verticals, but probably the strongest has been schools, the most meaningful has been schools.
Shannon O’Callaghan: And that up 20, obviously is going to be a very tough comp, but generally you think you’ll still be able to grow against these comps, I guess. Is there any big market share that’s visible, or you just think overall those schools and those other more institutional markets are going to remain strong?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re gaining share, and it’s not a vertical per se, it’s more of a buying pattern. But our whole initiative in emergency replacement continues to yield dividends, and the investment that we made in a greater product line and our investments in distribution continue to pay dividends. So 10 years ago or even five years ago, we were mainly viewed as a national accounts player, and all the investments we’ve made both in product and distribution allow us to play in non-national accounts and grow the business pretty significantly, and we’re seeing the benefits of that.
Shannon O’Callaghan: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We’ll go to Jeffrey Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Sprague: Hey, thank you guys. Good morning. Just a couple clean-ups here, I guess. First, just coming back to price, so the bump on price from a $10 million benefit to $15 million, Joe described the change as Canadian dollar related. Was any of the 10 related to FX or other factors? I guess what I’m trying to get at is there actual like-for-like price increases going on inside the business adjusting for the FX and maybe other noise?
Todd Bluedorn: A portion of the $10 million was associated with FX, not all of it, so we’re getting sort of net-net price and then we’re partially offsetting the FX this year. I mean, what we find is when the FX moves as quickly as it has, we’re not able to get it in one year, so we’re getting a piece of it this year and we’ll get some more of it next year.
Jeffrey Sprague: And then you broke down kind of all the related headwinds on the margins pretty thoroughly. You didn’t actually mention, or if you did I missed it, but how significant was the actual headwind from the investment activity that you were talking about, and how does that play out as we look into the new year?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think the investment--I mean, the investments, we had investments last year, we had investments this year, so sort of on a year-over-year basis that wasn’t that big a driver. I think we missed on our guide on corporate expenses, and I think that just reflects timing of some of the bills coming due and sort of rising healthcare costs. We got surprised, quite frankly, on a few things at the corporate line, but I think about it more evenly over a year-to-year period, our rate of investments are about the same. 
Jeffrey Sprague: Just one last one - what was the inventory write-down in the quarter? Was that in refrigeration or something else?
Joseph Reitmeier: Yes, it was in refrigeration. It was an adjustment to the market value of inventory in one of our Florence subsidiaries. It was a situation where it was a one-time event and it was completely resolved in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Sprague: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: You’ve talked about buybacks a few times here, and I think we know where you’re heading. I guess the board’s appetite at this point for leverage, how far would you take it up if you viewed the shares as attractive?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, I’ve talked that our--that range is one to two times debt to EBITDA, and over the longer term it’s certainly closer to two. I’ve said in this industry, you can even go higher than two and sleep at night. I mean, we’ve had record cash flow in fourth quarter, we had record cash flow in 2015, and we think we’ll beat that in 2016, so I think we have lots of cash. I also, though, think it’s important to keep some flexibility if an acquisition would come along, and I also think especially in the uncertain world we live in, we’re investment grade and we like being investment grade, so we’d want to work with our rating agencies to make sure that that’d be the case. That being said, I’ll repeat what I said earlier - we’re going to be fearless on share buyback.
Keith Hughes: All right, thank you.
Operator: We’ll go Walter Liptak with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I wanted to ask about your comments with the new construction, as well as replacement HVAC. I assume that that being stronger, that it was down kind of in the southern region of the U.S., and I wonder if the strength you saw there has any implications for the spring construction season up here in the north.
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t know if I’d extrapolate in any major way. What I was trying to make the point was that the building season gets extended when the weather remains warm, and that’s what we saw. From a mix point of view, we make less on residential new construction that add-on or replacement.
Walter Liptak: Okay, so no thought about an early start to construction--
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I don’t think there’s a big, at least in my mind, not a big read-through. It’s more of a weather point.
Walter Liptak: Okay. I think you covered this before, but SEER 13 inventory that you’re still holding and the impact on margin in the spring?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think we’re in a good position. We’re entering the year with some 13 SEER, and we think that’s important to have inventory as we carry through the final transition that takes place midyear. The transition from 13 to 14 SEER in the south has gone well. We’ll know more when everybody is out of 13 SEER, quite frankly, but so far so good.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Is there any price delta between 14 and 13 now, or is it about the same? 
Todd Bluedorn: There’s still a price delta.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Robert McCarthy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Robert McCarthy: Good morning everyone. I guess just back to your comments around the outlook, a good start to 1Q, granted, but 40 to 50% is in March. What specific things are you looking at to give you confidence to--you know, it’s 1Q of pretty seasonal business in the context of the full year, but is there anything that’s pointing to your confidence around 1Q and the persistence of the trends in terms of quoting activity orders? How would you characterize it, because it sounds like you’re reasonably bullish at what is debatably a tough pivot point in the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I’d point to in our commercial businesses, what we’re seeing in backlog and order rates, so we have some visibility there, albeit shorter. On the residential side, it’s a little--you know, we have one month down, so I know what actuals are for at least one-third of the calendar month. Part of it is sort of softer, just what are your customers saying, what are your sales people saying, and we had an opportunity to spend time with the sales people and we have dealer meetings coming up, and we’ll see how all that goes. I know there’s lots of doom and gloom on the horizon right now on a macroeconomic viewpoint, but the American consumer is still in pretty good shape, unemployment is still in pretty good shape, existing home values are still in pretty good shape. The lower fuel costs, while sort of doom and gloom in many industries, is giving more people more disposable income, and we had some weather-related issues in fourth quarter for resi on the mix side and the pre-build year-over-year impact. If you sort of take those away, revenue is still up 8% and a weather headwind, we still feel good about--you know, our residential business is still chugging along and we’re confident for first quarter and for full year.
Robert McCarthy: Just as a follow-up to that, and obviously we know that obviously 2Q, et cetera, are kind of critical pivot points. But is there anything in terms of the compare that we should just be kind of reminded of, either in the April or June time frame in terms of sell-through, anything along those lines? Just what you’re looking to kind of get a better sense of the trajectory of this year in terms of seasonality and weather.
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll be honest with you - I’m spooled up in my head on fourth quarter and first quarter. I haven’t thought so much about all the trends in second quarter. So I forget when weather broke last year. I think, as I recall, it was a cooler start to the summer than it was the year before, so we didn’t get much weather in April-May, but then it started to get warm end of June and was very strong in July. So I think that’s the weather impact, so if it gets warmer earlier, then I think we’ll have an earlier start to the summer selling season. But all that being said, I think the economic indicators of add-on and replacement have been existing home values, unemployment, consumer confidence. If people are willing to spend money, we’re able to give them a value that if you’re going to stay in your house two or three years, you get to breakeven pretty quickly due to energy efficiency. So we don’t feel like even though the margins indicate in fourth quarter there was, I think they’re weather related, Canadian FX related, ramp-up related, and that the trajectory that we’re on in residential fourth quarter is the outlier, and first quarter we’ll get back on track.
Robert McCarthy: Thanks for your time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: We’ll go to Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner: Thanks, good morning everyone. Just on the pricing comment there, I think down at the AHR Expo, it sounded as though that SEER 14 pricing was coming in, and I know that you had that embedded in your original guidance. Can you maybe just talk about, going back to Jeff’s question about individual product line pricing, can you tell us what’s going on with SEER 14 and above pricing, and how you think that’s going to play out throughout the course of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we’ve announced price increases at the beginning of the year for all of North America. We announced another one March 1 in Canada, and it’s always our goal to not only mix up but price up, and we’re committed to try and get that. Our guide is $15 million in price, a portion of that is Canadian FX, a portion of that is getting price in the marketplace, but we’re committed to doing both. 
Samuel Eisner: Okay, and the SEER 14 price down that you guys were expecting, I think you alluded to that in multiple calls prior. Is that compressing in line with your expectation? 
Todd Bluedorn: So far, it’s done better than what we had thought, and that’s why we had positive price in--or more positive price in ’15 than we originally guided to. I understand the question. We really won’t know the answer until we get into the summer selling season and everybody’s 13 SEER has evaporated, then we’ll get a better read. Exactly how it’s going to be, I’m cautiously optimistic it’s gone much better than we thought to date, but we’ll know for certain when we get in summer selling season. Our guide assumes there’s some compression, but let’s see what happens.
Samuel Eisner: Got it. Then just going back on the mix comment, it sounds as though first quarter you’re going to get a nice benefit from the push-out in furnace shipments. You’re going to have a pretty easy comp in the fourth quarter when it relates to comping against more new construction as well as the easier furnace comps, so I guess what am I missing in more of the positive commentary on mix? Why is it still staying around $5 million? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Good question. I think it’s early in the year and we’ve just got to see how it plays out. The regulatory change could change things. We just to see how it plays out, and quite frankly we haven’t sort of baked in everything that happened in fourth quarter in resi, so the guide is let’s see what happens. I agree with you - if everything breaks our way, there will be upside in mix.
Samuel Eisner: Got it. Really appreciate that. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: With no further questions in queue, I’ll turn it back to the presenters for closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Operator. A few points to leave you with - in fourth quarter, momentum continued in our commercial and refrigeration businesses. Residential margin hit a lull from the impact of record warm weather in the fourth quarter. We’re off to a nice start and are seeing momentum for a strong year-over-year growth in margin expansion in the first quarter. Overall, we expect strong growth and margin expansion across all three of our businesses in 2016, and another year of record profitability. I want to thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-19 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, Investor Relations Todd Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Joseph Reitmeier – EVP and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Securities Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Keith Hughes - SunTrust Johnathan Wright - Nomura Securities Walt Liptak - Global Hunter Securities Joshua Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2015. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. To give everyone time to ask questions in the Q&A please limit yourself initially to a couple of questions or follow-ups and re-queue for any additional questions. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com where will also be our guide for replay. I'd like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our annual investment community meeting which will be the morning of Wednesday, December 16, in New York City. Please mark your calendars. Invitations and more details will follow. The event will also be webcast. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us. With significant margin expansion across all three business segments, Lennox International set a new high for total segment margin on strong revenue growth in the third quarter. Total company revenue was up 11% at constant currency with growth in all three businesses. Total segment margin for the company expanded 140 basis points to a record 13.7% and adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 26% to a third quarter record $1.82. In our residential business we set third quarter records for revenue, margin and profit. Revenue was up 13% at constant currency on broad strength in both replacement and new construction. Residential margin expanded 240 basis points to 17.4% and residential profit was up 30%. Our residential business continued to benefit from favorable price and a richer mix of business year-over-year in the third quarter. Improved mix benefited from the regulatory transition to 14 SEER air-conditioners in the South and Southwest regions of the United States and for heat pumps nationally. 14 SEER and above air conditioners and heat pumps were 59% of cooling product shipments in the quarter up 17 points from the third quarter last year. 14 SEER pricing in the market has been disciplined. On the operational front we opened five new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the third quarter. We currently have 175 stores across North America and now expect 184 total stores by the end of the year. Our target for 2017 remains 250 locations. Turning to our Commercial business segment profit margins set new highs on 8% revenue growth at constant currency. Commercial margins expanded 70 basis points to 18.2% in the third quarter. Segment profit rose 6% to a new high of $45 million. In North America non-national account revenue was up low double-digits at constant currency in the third quarter. We are seeing the broad commercial recovery continue including mid-teens revenue growth in emergency replacement. As previously discussed, national account business in North America has been choppy this year. National account equipment revenue was flat in the first half of the year, down in the first quarter, up in the second quarter and now down mid single digits in the third quarter. Given the uncertain retail sales environment this year we expect national account equipment business to continue to be soft in the fourth quarter. The fast growth in our non-national account business compared to the softness in our national account business which features premium high-efficiency systems creates a lower mix that is a headwind on the business in the second half of the year. Lennox continues to win new national accounts with our high high-efficiency system and advanced controls and has brought 20 new national account customers on board this year including two more in the third quarter. Our national account service business saw strong growth in the third quarter with revenue up mid-teens. Our VRF business while still small saw solid expansion. In Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up high single digits at constant currency in the third quarter. On the operational front we opened up another commercial distribution center in North America in the third quarter for a total of 44 commercial dedicated locations, a key element to our growth strategy in the emergency replacement market. In Refrigeration revenue was up 8% at constant currency. Refrigeration margin expanded 220 basis points to 10.7% and segment profit was up 23% from the prior year quarter. Looking at revenue at constant currency by region, North America and Europe were up low double-digits in the third quarter. South America was up mid-teens. Australia was flat and Asia was down mid single digits. While the third quarter saw strong topline growth and margin expansion, looking ahead we expect more choppiness in international markets and are applying additional caution to our outlook in those regions. We expect Refrigeration segment margin to be flat on a full-year basis versus our outlook earlier in the year for segment margin to be up as much as 50 basis points. But I would point out this guidance still indicates solid margin expansion in the fourth quarter for Refrigeration. Looking at 2015 guidance for the Company overall we are narrowing guidance for revenue growth at constant currency from 4% to 7% to a new range of 5% to 7% and we are narrowing adjusted EPS from continuing operations guidance from $5.25 to $5.50 to a new range of $5.25 to $5.40. In summary, overall for 2015 we expect another record year for Lennox International strong revenue growth and new highs for total segment margin and profit. Now I will turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with residential heating and cooling. In the third quarter revenue from residential heating and cooling was a third-quarter record $518 million which was up 12%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Volume was up 10% and price and mix combined was up 3%. Residential profit in the third quarter was a record third quarter $90 million which was up 30% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a third quarter record 17.4% which was up 240 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix, lower material costs and higher productivity. Partial offsets included unfavorable foreign exchange in investments and SG&A and distribution expansion. Now turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business, in the third quarter commercial revenue was $247 million which was up 2%. Foreign exchange had a negative 6% impact on revenue. Volume was up 7% and price and mix combined was up 1%. North America Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up mid-single digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down low double-digits including the negative foreign exchange impact, although up high single digits at constant currency as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit in the third quarter was a record $45 million which was up 6% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a record 18.2% which was up 70 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and lower material costs with partial offsets from negative mix, unfavorable foreign exchange and investments in SG&A. In Refrigeration, revenue in the third quarter was $190 million which was down 2%. Foreign exchange had a negative 10% impact on revenue. Volume was up 7% and price and mix combined was up 1%. From a regional perspective, Todd already addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis including the negative impact from currency North America was up high single digits, Europe was down high single digits, Asia-Pacific was down about 20% and South America was down more than 20%. Refrigeration segment profit was $20 million which was up 23% from the prior quarter. Segment profit margin was 10.7% which was up 220 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price, lower material costs, lower SG&A and higher productivity. Partial offsets included negative mix in the North American supermarket business and unfavorable foreign exchange. Regarding special items in the third quarter, the Company had after-tax charges of $2.9 million including $800,000 for special, legal, contingency charges, $700,000 related to contractor tax payments in a non-U.S. subsidiary and $500,000 for the net change in unrealized losses on unsettled futures contracts. Corporate expenses were $24 million in the third quarter compared to $18 million in the same period a year ago. Overall SG&A was $144 million in the third quarter compared to $141 million for the prior [year] [ph] quarter. Cash from operations in the third quarter was $159 million which was up $97 million from the prior year quarter. We continue to monetize 13 SEER inventory we strategically built in the fourth quarter of 2014 to support our customers in the minimum efficiency regulatory transition effective for certain products at the start of 2015. Capital expenditures were $14 million in the third quarter compared to $19 million in the quarter a year ago. Free cash flow was $145 million for the third quarter compared to $78 million in the prior quarter. Total cash and cash equivalents were $35 million at the end of September and total debt was $918 million and we ended the quarter with a debt-to-EBITDA ration of 2.1. Now turning to our outlook for 2015. For the residential market in North America we continue to expect HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits for the industry. For the commercial unitary market in North America we now expect HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits versus the prior expectation for low single-digit growth for the industry. As Todd mentioned, the market growth being driven more by non-national account business mix is now a headwind. For the Refrigeration market in North America we continue to expect industry shipments to be down low single digits for the year. However, we continue to expect our Refrigeration business to do significantly better on the strength of specific national account business. For Refrigeration markets outside of North America we are seeing choppy market conditions and expected this to continue to be the case near-term. With these underlying market assumptions, our performance year-to-date and one quarter to go left in the year we are narrowing revenue growth guidance at content courtesy from 4% to 7% to a new range of 5% to 7% for the Company in 2015. We still expected a negative 3 point impact from foreign exchange for revenue growth guidance of 2% to 4% at actual currency versus prior guidance of 1% to 4% for the full year. We are narrowing guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the full year from $5.25 to $5.50 to a new range of $5.25 to $5.40. Incorporating this change and $0.06 more of special charges in the third quarter, guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations moved to a range of $5.08 to $5.23 for the full-year. Now looking to the headwinds for 2015 on a full-year basis, we continue to expect foreign exchange to have a $20 million negative impact on earnings net of specific price increases that we've enacted to help mitigate unfavorable foreign exchange movements. Most of this headwind is coming from the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar. The mid-2014 repeal of the carbon tax in Australia had a negative $10 million impact on us in 2015. Corporate expense guidance remains $80 million for the full year up $6 million from last year as we make some investments in the businesses to support the Company's growth. A headwind of $3 million is still expected from investments in the RF for the year and we have ongoing investments in the expansion of our residential and commercial distribution network across North America as well. Now looking at the tailwinds for 2015 on a full year basis, on the commodities front, we continue to see a $15 million [ph] benefit to earnings from lower metal prices, copper, steel and aluminum as well as lower fuel costs year-over-year. We continue to expect $40 million of savings from our sourcing engineering-led cost reduction programs and we still expect $10 million of incremental price for the full year and this is separate from the price we are capturing specifically to help offset negative foreign exchange. We are on track for about $4 million of incremental savings this year in our Residential business from our second plant in Mexico and we continue to expect residential mix to be $5 million benefit in $2015. And now I will finish up with just a few more guidance points. We still expect net interest expense for the year of nearly $25 billion. Our effective tax rate guidance remains 34% to 35% on a full year basis. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full year to be approximately 45 million shares. Capital expenditures are still expected to be $80 million for the year. And for free cash flow we are now targeting $240 million for the full year compared to our prior target of $265 million and this is primarily due to the residential inventory positioning for the quarter and as we move into 2016 which includes some 13 SEER inventory for the ongoing regulatory transition. And with that, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey good morning guys. Hey, so pretty good strength in commercial and you talked about the nuances between national accounts and emergency replacement. But can you speak to some of the more mixed macro data points we're seeing and anything that gives you pause about kind of just commercial recovery in general?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, Jeff, it continues to percolate for us and it will bubble along and in Commercial we continue to see the broad recovery as we talked about in the call. I think we're certainly gaining share. We are happy with the mid-teens growth and emergency replacement and the overall growth in our non-national account businesses. We talked about our national accounts. There's chunkiness and softness as some of these replacement projects get pushed out and there have certainly been some headlines from some large customers or certainly with Wal-Mart in the last few days, but we knew a lot of that. They've been in conversation with us and so overall it still feels solid. As we enter fourth quarter our backlog in Commercial is flat year-over-year and so we're reflecting some caution I think in our guide. But so far things continue be pretty solid.
Jeff Hammond: Okay, and then just on price cost I'm surprised you didn’t take that number up. Can you maybe just speak to where you are seeing additional opportunity for lower input cost and maybe how some of that rolls into 2016 based on hedges?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, as commodities have gone down through the year from about July on it has been more of a 2016 story than a 2015 story as the bulk of our hedges in 2016 that we're buying very little on the spot at this point for 2015.
Jeff Hammond: Okay thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good, thanks Jeff.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Steve Tusa from J.P. Morgan Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Steve.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa: So I am still not quite sure why the top end is clipped. I mean is that just the mix dynamics in Commercial that you are reflecting there for the EPS guide?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it reflects two things, one is the softness in commercial HVAC and national accounts which results in lower mix. And then the caution that we talked about on international markets, semi-softness in refrigeration in Europe and Brazil and to a lesser degree Australia and China, and so that's what the clip reflects, those two items.
Steve Tusa: Okay, that makes sense. On the resi front, so volumes were up 10% I guess you are still holding some of the 13 SEER. I mean how would you describe the demand dynamic there with I guess are you a bit surprised that you haven’t – is the lack of salethrough on 13 SEER a bit of a surprise, I mean a pleasant surprise or is that something that you kind of planned on having a little bit of a tail on the inventory front heading into 2016?
Todd Bluedorn: We planned on having a tail going into 2016 and the demand for 13 SEER has been quite frankly it has been about where we thought it had been. We review that monthly and it is tracking about where we thought it would be. The pricing support that we've been able to keep with 14 SEER has been a pleasant surprise and we've reflected that in some of the - in the mix number that we raised last call. We always want to quite frankly wanted to go into 2016 with some inventory of 13 SEER. I think you always want to have the lowest cost option in the marketplace and we have told you why it is solid and one of the advantages of owning our own distribution as this stuff isn’t [indiscernible], if we have some stuff in July we will ship it North and sell it up there.
Steve Tusa: Got it, makes sense. And then just lastly on the Wal-Mart front is there any cost that you kind of put up to support that that would be at risk of being an overhang if production becomes a bit of an issue next year or going forward with the Wal-Mart business given you have a bit more leverage there now?
Todd Bluedorn: Can you ask the question one more time?
Steve Tusa: Well I guess, was there any kind of cost that was put up to support all this Wal-Mart business and the ramp this year and in Refrigeration and if that remains relatively weak heading into next year and perhaps into 2017 is there something you're going to have to then take out? I guess the bottom line is, is this kind of an unusual one time revenue bond that you had to kind of put cost into that creates some risk going forward?
Todd Bluedorn: In the Refrigeration business specifically to your point we've added some costs certainly at our North American Refrigeration [indiscernible] to support the additional demand from Wal-Mart. The good news is we're seeing everything we thought we'd see second half of the year and we expect to continue to see some increases in 2016. I think that is all consistent with their public comments over the last week. I mean we've been in conversations with them sort of nonstop over the last six months and sort of know where they are at. But honestly the truthful answer to your question is if volume goes down will rip our costs. We [indiscernible] and will adjust our cost structure if we had to.
Steve Tusa: One more quick question for you. There is a bit of concern that I guess oil and gas is kind of hitting everything that is industrial related which is not too much of a surprise given all the CapEx that's involved here. There is a bit of a concern this is kind of going to leak into the more important parts of the economy like the consumer; I mean you guys are down in Texas, I guess in your business, in your HVAC business, are you seeing anything there from an economic kind of macro perspective that has changed the behavior of consumers or even your Commercial customers that would be all linked to what's happening in oil and gas and regions related to that?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean I keep checking, keep pushing, keep asking even in Houston which is more tied to oil and gas than we are here in the Metroplex in Dallas. Builders are still building, there is still new construction. Lots of stuff going on in the Woodlands for example on new construction and so the market continues to percolate. I understand the question and I understand people are looking, but I mean you'll have to really look hard in our business to think lower oil and gas is bad news for us. I mean it is good news; we’re a distributed product business, our cost to distribute product goes down and it puts more dollars in the consumer's pocket with lower gas prices. So I understand the macroeconomic implications to many industrials, but not to be too jargonistic, we are sort of safe harbor on this one. I don’t think it really impacts us except in a positive way.
Steve Tusa: Right, okay, thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Todd Bluedorn: Excellent.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Rich.
Rich Kwas: So Todd on, so on the non-res stuff as you look at some of the macro indicators here weakened lately and you talked about the non-national account being pretty strong in Q3, just to ask in a different way, what do you look at in terms of your business from a macro standpoint? What has the most influence when you look forward here over the next six to twelve months, is there a particular metric that you follow? I know you obviously have your orders and what not, and you are weighted more toward retail, but what are you looking at right now?
Todd Bluedorn: Now we're looking at the same thing you are, we’re looking at the architectural forecasts, we're looking at new construction being put in. But the honest answer is we spend a lot of time talking to our customers and so it is a lot of micro rather than macro where we're talking to contractors who know what engineers are working on, who were talking to owners and they get a flavor of what's happening in verticals that we participate in and schools continues to sort of chug along, light manufacturing continues to chug along. Small rise office buildings continues to chug along and I get it that things can change, but so to be on the headlines things continue to chug along for us in the verticals that we play in.
Rich Kwas: So the message is with this macro data what – you’re seeing a divergence basically in your business to some degree?
Todd Bluedorn: I think a lot of the macro data is tied to sort of heavier larger projects that we're not involved with. So we tend to, by definition we’re called light commercial, these are light projects and those end markets continue to build.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then on the pricing front what are you thinking about in terms of pricing for next year on the resi and then also on the Commercial side, commodity cost you referenced earlier, down, should be a tailwind for you. It is going to be tougher to put through price next year, what's your…?
Todd Bluedorn: My experience in the industry over the years is you put in price every single year and some years commodities are down and some years they are up and you have to get price every year to be able to offset the big spikes in commodity costs when they bounce back. So we'll be announcing a price increase as we always do as we get closer to the end of the year, both in commercial and residential and may be to a lesser degree in refrigeration.
Rich Kwas: Consistent with last year in terms of magnitude?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The short answer is yes.
Rich Kwas: All right last one on buyback now that the sourced on what's the methodology here as you move out the next several quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: Again I'm a bit of a broken record on this, if I was going to, if I was an analyst and I was modeling and I'd look at our debt-to-EBITDA closer to two than to one, model the cash flow, what dividends grow with earnings, we'll do acquisitions if they make sense which is a very narrow focus group as we've discussed will invest in the business with CapEx and then we'll give the rest back to shareholders and the vehicle that we've used in the past has been share buyback. At the December Analyst Day on December 1, we'll give as we always do give fresh numbers for what we plan on doing in 2016.
Rich Kwas: Yes, thank you, I'll pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you gentlemen, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff.
Joseph Reitmeier: Hey Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Hey just a couple of follow-ups, just on free cash flow, I'm a little confused you are saying 13 SEER is tracking as you thought but you did lower your free cash flow guide by 9% or 10%. Is there something else going on in the free cash flow number that is creating pressure?
Todd Bluedorn: No I think its harsh to sort of our net income being a little lower as we lowered our guide and so I think that reflects cash from operations being down a bit and our inventory and resi more broadly speaking, is up a little bit, higher than what we thought, but again we're fine with that and sort of minor inventory pre-build as we go into 2016. So I wouldn’t read much into that other than sort of the cash flow from operations should bounce back next year.
Jeff Sprague: That’s great and then on your hedges and how the raw mets are playing through, I am sure there will be a December 16 conversation, but can you give us some indication if you just kind of snap the line today where commodities are what kind of tailwinds you are looking at into next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. I’m going to answer it obliquely and say copper and aluminum is a decent tailwind for us as we go into 2016 because we started the hedges 18 months out and so you can imagine sort of what it looks like on a year-over-year basis. The variable that’s uncertain to us is steel given some of the tariff litigation that’s ongoing. We'll know better what’s going to happen to steel as we run up to the December meeting. And so our concern is the benefits of copper and aluminum will be partially if not a lot of bit offset with steel pricing year-over-year and again we'll give clear guidance in December.
Jeff Sprague: And then just one other quick one on the non-national accounts stronger are there any particular sub verticals that stand out that’s driving that?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean it's not so much a vertical but just a channel which is emergency replacement which has been significant investments we've made in rate or and in our distribution build deliver same day that was up mid teens, that’s across all verticals that’s more of an ownership structure which is the contractors making the decision rather than the owner and is looking for first price and immediate delivery.
Jeff Sprague: Right, thank you very much
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Robert Barry from Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning guys. This is Philipo [indiscernible] on the call for Rob today. First question is regarding the furnace season, how would you characterize the start of the winter season?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s early, but sort of the broad commentary is momentum of the business continues. We're off to a solid start in fourth quarter. If you are watching the base ball games I always get excited when we're in play offs and people in many parts of the country have heavy courts on. That’s a good sign and we’re seeing that. So the weather is starting to cool and that helps us, but dealers are confident as we go into the furnace season.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great and then in terms of the VRF business you mentioned strong performance and if you can help us quantify versus the target of $10 million to $20 million from VRF for 2015 how is it tracking to the target?
Todd Bluedorn: We started slow and we've talked about that, that as we gotten into this business we learned that the sales cycle is longer than what we're used to as we have to be specified and then work with the engineers and the owners as well as the contractor we have existing relationships with, but we're going to be on the lower end of that $10 million to $20 million target. But third quarter was an important quarter for us as we sort of turned the needle and our pipeline of projects are good and we had some nice wins on the very small business base. And we've talked about five years out being a $100 million business plus or minus and we’re still comfortable with that trajectory.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that’s great, thanks so much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning guys
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, good morning
Shannon O'Callaghan: Question on the tougher commercial mix, I guess it was present this quarter already national account I think as they were down mid single digits and you still had really strong commercial margin improvement. Is that going to get tougher from here or can you still put up, that kind of strong margin improvement?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean we'll say as we go into fourth quarter I think it is clearly a headwind both in the third and increasingly in fourth quarter as we see, our national accounts were down mid single digits. We're signaling it to may be even more softness in fourth quarter and that’s all sort of incorporated in the guide. We'll play it out as it comes, but we thought it was important to highlight it as a risk and reflect it in our guidance along with the weakening, softness we're seeing in our national markets. But sort of underlying and the fourth quarter is still going to be a really good quarter for us and residential remains strong, our national account business is strong and we put up 200 basis points of margin expansion in refrigeration and we’ll see something similar to that in the fourth quarter. So, I understand we lowered the guide and you’re right to push on it, but we still feel pretty good about things as we go into fourth quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Thanks and then on the Refrigeration international choppiness that you mentioned, how much of that is actual things you’re seeing in those markets in 3Q or exiting versus just kind of a macro caution given the environment maybe just a little more color on those specific markets you mentioned?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s a bit of both. I mean we had a nice quarter in Europe, we were up double-digits – double-digits in HVAC and so we looked at the rest of the group and up I think mid-single digits in Refrigeration. So we did well in Europe, we continue to sort of defy gravity in Brazil where our business was up again in third quarter on a year-over-year basis nicely. But as we talk to our businesses there, there is some concern. So I think it’s a combination of macro call as well as sort of knowing our customers and they’re showing some caution that our team has done a great job of defying gravity and we’ll see what happens, but again we thought it was appropriate to reflect it in our guide.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay, thanks Todd. Thank you.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi thanks. Just a question sort of longer-term on the approach within Refrigeration, the EBIT I guess in just dollar terms is probably stable or flat this year, year-on-year after the big drop last year. When you’re looking ahead is there any kind of change in strategy or any approach in terms of potential acquisitions or further cost reduction that you think can reignite earnings growth in that business?
Todd Bluedorn: In many parts of our business, we’ve actually seen nice growth and we’re highly profitable and where we’ve seen the headwinds last years has been in Australia and North American supermarket business or grocery business which is really our Kysor/Warren acquisition. In Australia, we’ve done some aggressive restructuring over the last six months and we think that will position us well as we go into 2016. We have talked about the regulatory change there, but it’s also more broadly just a soft market in Australia given their exposure to the commodity and mining industry. Supermarket business in North America, again we've taken aggressive action both on the cost side with restructuring as well as with a big customer Wal-Mart which we publicly talked about and we saw benefits in third quarter and we think we’ll see benefits as we go into fourth quarter and we know we need to get that part of the business turned around and we’re committed to do that or if we can’t, we will look at other options.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks and then just a follow-up on the capital deployment, obviously the Lennox share price is much higher than when you had launched the ASR 12 months ago. So when you’re talking about sort of target leverage range is there any kind of urgency around that on the buyback or do you think you’ll wait to reassess that for when the price if and when it weakens?
Todd Bluedorn: Unlike our CEOs at least the good ones, not saying I'm a good one, but all good ones sort of assume their stock price is going up, I assume our stock prices going up. I actually believe our three year plans and if we do that we’ll grow our multiple. So short answer is, I’m not afraid of buying stock at 1.20. What we will do is at the December meeting we will give the guide. I think mechanically you can figure out what I am going to say, so I never want to surprise people on the what, but sort of the how and the when we'll sort of think through the right way to do things and we will communicate that in December.
Julian Mitchell: Very helpful, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you, two questions. Just shifting back to steel real quick, this has been running more or less spot all year on steel, is that correct?
Todd Bluedorn: Say that one more time?
Keith Hughes: On your steel, there were not formal agreements in place for this calendar year, is that correct?
Todd Bluedorn: There were formal agreements, but what we do Keith is we buy off the prior quarter CRU pricing for steel and that we have negotiated agreements with the mills or service centers depending on the grade where we have buy at discounts of the CRU pricing. So it’s prior quarter CRU less the negotiated discount.
Keith Hughes: Do you expect that to be the case in 2016 the mechanism that way is something more permanent place?
Todd Bluedorn: No, it will be that.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And the question back on cash flow usage, you kind of signaled what is going on as you said in several answers on share repurchase, but I guess my question is, are there acquisitions out there that would cause you to change that plan?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve publicly talked about this and so I will repeat it. The focus would be on consolidating North America HVAC that’s where our strength is at. People who own assets would have to decide to sell assets and so something would have to open up. On Refrigeration, I think longer-term that’s certainly an area internationally that we could grow through acquisitions in Europe for example in an industry that’s kind of fragmented and we think we have a strong position, but we’ve been pretty clear that until we see some nice improvement in margin expansion Refrigeration and address our issues in North American grocery, we don’t want to put more capital against that segment. But once we’ve demonstrated externally that we’re on the right trend on margin expansion and I’ve addressed it, then I could see us spend money on acquisitions and Refrigeration maybe in Europe.
Keith Hughes: And what about commercial?
Todd Bluedorn: I put that under the same category as what I said earlier about consolidating North America HVAC and yes Europe, fair enough when I’m talking Europe I should be talking HVAC at the same time. I think if we could add some more mass to our business in Europe that could make sense for us and right now given the strength of the dollar it might be a reasonable time to do a deal if we find the right one.
Keith Hughes: Yes, thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Johnny Wright with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Johnathan Wright: Good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi.
Johnathan Wright: From the residential side and I have to focus on 13 SEER, 14 SEER is all 22 also a meaningful mix benefit this year just given the shift on the consumption allowance?
Todd Bluedorn: Not in a material way and I think that just reflects it was low, reasonably low last year, it’s reasonably low this year. I think year-over-year it might be a little bit lower mix, but order of magnitude I think it’s close to about the same number.
Johnathan Wright: Okay. Sure and on the Commercial side from a national account customer, I know you've always given us sort of new customers every quarter, where are we at in absolute number now and kind of what I’m getting at really is there much of an attrition rate that you see customers dropping off or once you have them really kind of sticky for the long-term?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t have the number off the top of my head. We will find it and make sure we give it to you. I mean, when we give these customers that we win, obviously they’re not all the same, to state the obvious. But what we want to try and do is convey that given our product innovation and our focus on the segment of the market that we continue to win, yes there are customers we win and we eventually someone else takes them from us, we don’t publicly announce that. But net-net we’re winning new customers every year and so the big question is which one of them are going to pop and be a big format that really drives revenue and that’s why it’s a bit of a portfolio strategy that we’re involved with as many different customers as we can, but net-net we’re winning new customers year-over-year.
Johnathan Wright: Okay, great thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we do have a question from the line of Walter Liptak from [indiscernible] Global. Please go ahead. 
Walter Liptak: Hi, thanks good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Walter.
Walter Liptak: I wanted to ask one about the SEER mix 14 plus 59% which is a really good number and if we just get more some color on how much is being driven by the health of the consumer versus the regulations and just any color on the geographic regions that are strong versus weak, et cetera?
Todd Bluedorn: This is a regulatory impact. I mean to see that kind of spike it’s driven by regulations. When there is a non-regulatory environment as there has been last couple of years we've talked about a point or two that we move up every year, each quarter year-over-year in the summer selling season as we mix people up to our high efficiency product. But I would say this is almost exclusively maybe a point or two for other reasons, but this is tied to the regulatory changes in the South and Southwest.
Walter Liptak: Okay. How do you think about the SEER mix I guess from here on now it is 13 SEER up product of the past and its 14 SEER that is going to be the main product for the next couple of years?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, certainly in the South and Southwest where the regulations says after July we can’t sell 13 SEER that is going to be the case. And so as we mentioned earlier we have some inventory that we're going to be carrying into 2016 of 13 SEER and we will continue to sell it till either we run out or the regulatory deadline hits us. And in the North we’re still going to be selling 13 SEER. We focus on premium and we do mix up and we do this I think as well as anyone in the industry, but half the market is entry level and if entry levels 13 SEER that’s half the market will be 13 SEER in the northern regions.
Walter Liptak: Okay, thank you
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And our last question of today comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Josh.
Joseph Reitmeier: Good morning, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: This is a follow up on that last question about the 59% in 14 SEER. If I had to work kind of goal stayed or industry target for once this inventory buffer is behind us what does that 59% go to? I guess in the absence of voluntary mix, just clearing out the 13 SEER in the sunbelt today and converting the rest of that?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. I honestly haven’t worked the math Josh. Let us work the math and we'll get back, but I mean I’m sort of high levels look at HVAC that goes or excuse me air-conditioners and heat pump or air- conditioners that go in the South and Southwest and say half the market is now going to be 14 SEER. And look at heat pumps nationally and say that’s going to be 14 SEER and or half the market is going to be 14 SEER and then the markets and then the rest of the country for air-conditioner half the market will be 13 SEER and then sort of distribute the rest amongst the SEERs from 14 to 21. I haven’t done all that yet so I'm not sure what 59 goes to be honestly. I think in many ways the way we'll talk about at next year though will be the portion of our mix that’s above regulatory minimums. I actually think that’s a more useful way to have the conversation right. So next year we’ll talk about last year what percentage were regulatory minimums and this year what percentage are regulatory minimums and because now that we have regional standards I think that’s a more thoughtful way to have the conversation.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: That’s fair. I guess what I’m trying to get at is, you’ve enjoyed some early migration to 14 SEER, may be a little faster than you would have expected. I'm trying to get maybe what's left in the next year, if we thought was this as an industry three-ish points of price mix, may be four over time, did you get two this year and there is one left, did you get one and a half and there is one and a half left, I'm sure you get the question and it is kind of a different way of asking the same earlier ones they probably don’t know?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me – I from a financial view point I’d say we’ve caught out that we have $5 million mix this year and that in large part we thought that was from the 13, 14 SEER mix up and that’s been good news and that was because we could hold on pricing at 14 SEER. I also said that, that the mix of or the sale of 13 SEERs about what we thought it would be and we’re going to carry some inventory in the next year. So I, if I was modeling 16 I wouldn’t be, I don’t think it is good news or bad news. I think it will be relatively neutral to 13 to 14 SEER mix. I think the bigger mix up gets opportunity for us is and has been and will continued to be us selling people up to 16 SEER, 18 SEER, 21 SEER. We've come out with some new products this year in that sort of mid tear range in 18 SEER product, 16 SEER product, and that’s helping us and it will next year too.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Got you and then just back to Commercial margins, I understand that you have some mix headwinds may be coming down the pipe a little bit more from national accounts, but just looking at it sequentially it seems like mix, probably when the wrong direction just given that, yes some healthy pull-through there on national accounts in 2Q less though in 3Q and margins went up quite a bit. I can't imagine that pricing helped a lot sequentially. May be can you just kind of mention now is it investment, is it better price costs sequentially, what are the big factors there to keep in mind?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve had aggressive cost reduction programs in our commercial business on material cost reduction side and we saw some real benefits in third quarter that’s really helped us. Again, all that was in our guide, so what I’m saying is not inconsistent with our new guide, but we’ve seen aggressive material cost reduction in our Commercial business and that’s helping us.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: Okay, so this is just kind of the second half by some of that value engineering and material costs structure [ph] that you target every year.
Todd Bluedorn: Correct and it's been more commercial, the commercial number is higher this year than it's been in prior year, so our team has done a really nice job.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: And then just one last one, I know you guys don’t give quarterly guidance, but in the spirit of this 50 basis points of margin expansion that you have targeted for the year on Refrigeration, anything we should keep in mind from a seasonal mix perspective 3Q to 4Q in Refrigeration that could make that, kind of easier or harder?
Todd Bluedorn: No, it's playing through in my head. I mean in our North America business or sort of not, not – or catch [ph] one business, but our traditional heat wrap business, second and third quarter are stronger quarters for us in the sense of the distributed products it has whether impacts that much like it does although to not much like it does in HVAC, but to a lesser degree. So now I mean the news in the fourth quarter is going to help drive margins is the continued ramp up in our North America grocery business and the benefits from restricting that we've done in Australia in catch [ph] one and again we don’t guide, but when you get full year guidance in three quarters it is sort of easy to connect the dots and the implication is we’re going to get close to another couple 100 basis points of margin expansion in Refrigeration in fourth quarter and that’s where we’re targeting and feel pretty good about.
Joshua Pokrzywinski: All right, thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good thanks. Okay so that’s it for Q&A. A few point to leave everyone with. On strength in all three businesses the company posted EPS growth of over 25% in the third quarter on strong revenue growth and significant margin expansion. We are well positioned for continued momentum in the fourth quarter and as we look ahead to 2016 we remain focused as we always do on capitalizing on end market growth, capturing additional market share and driving operational initiatives for higher profitability. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Vice President-Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts: Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Securities Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve L. Harrison - Vice President-Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2015. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. Financial results reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. With margin expansion across all three business segments, Lennox International set new highs for total segment margin and profit and strong revenue growth in the second quarter. Total company revenue was up 6% at constant currency with growth in all three businesses. Total segment margin for the company exceeded 120 basis points to a record 13.5%. And adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 22% to a record $1.84. In our Residential business, we set new highs for revenue, margin and profit. Revenue was up 6% at constant currency with mid single digit growth in both replacement and new construction business. Residential margins expanded 190 basis points – 190 basis points to new high of 18%. Residential profit was up 18% to a record $100 million. In the quarter, the impact from weather was uneven across North America; while warmer in general, we saw some negative impact from weather in key markets. The Upper Midwest, an important swing market for us was cooler than last year; and, in Texas, another large market, we saw record rain and flooding in May. Overall, in June, which is about half the quarter for us, the first week started off slow from cooler weather, subsequent weeks warmed up, and we closed the quarter strong. While Residential shipments were lower than expected for the second quarter, mix tracked better than expected. 14 SEER and above air conditioners and heat pumps were 51% of Cooling product shipments in the quarter, up 14 points from the second quarter last year, obviously driven by the regulatory transition to 14 SEER air conditioners in the South and Southwest regions of the United States and for heat pumps nationally. This transition continues to play out as expected. The industry appears to have adequate pre-built 13 SEER inventory this summer season for smooth transition and 14 SEER pricing has been disciplined. On the operational front, we opened seven new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the second quarter. We now have 170 stores across North America, on our way to 186 stores by the end of this year, and 250 stores by the end of 2017. Turning to our Commercial business, revenue was up 10% at constant currency in the second quarter. Commercial margins expanded 80 basis points to 17%. We set a record – we set second quarter records for revenue and margin. Segment profit was up 10% to set a new high of $43 million. As expected, our Commercial business on national account growth resumed in the second quarter with equipment revenue up high single digits. A good second quarter, but the retail sales environment continues to be tepid in general. So we remain cautious on national accounts as we enter the second half of the year. Regarding new national accounts, Lennox continues to win in the marketplace, with our high-efficiency systems and advanced controls bringing nine new national account customers on board. And non-national account business revenue was up mid-teens at constant currency in the second quarter. The broad Commercial recovery continues and we continue to win share in emergency replacement. In Europe, Commercial HVAC revenue was up mid single digits at constant currency in the second quarter. On the operational front, we continued to expand Commercial distribution, which is a key element of our growth strategy in the emerging replacement market. We opened two additional Commercial distribution centers in North America in the second quarter to bring the total to 43 locations. We also continued to expand the number of Lennox PartsPlus stores carrying Commercial equipment. In Refrigeration, revenue was up 4% at constant currency, led by high single-digit growth in North America; South America was up low double digits; Europe was up low single digits; and Asia-Pacific was down high single-digits. Refrigeration margin picked up 10 basis points to 7.2% against headwinds from the repeal of the carbon tax on refrigerant in Australia, foreign exchange, and North America supermarket mix. Excluding the negative impact from Australia refrigerant, margin was up 160 basis points from the prior year quarter. So good progress operationally in Refrigeration segment. Looking ahead, the second quarter – excuse me, looking ahead, the second half will benefit from some recently implemented restructuring activities in our Australian and Kysor/Warren businesses; having a year-over-year comparison, Australia refrigerant now behind us and strong topline growth in North America. We continue to expect Refrigeration margins to be up in the second half of the year and up 50 basis points or so for 2015 overall. Looking at guidance for the company overall, we are trimming the high-end of revenue guidance by 1 point to a range of 4% to 7% growth at constant currency. And we are narrowing adjusted EPS from continuing operations up $0.05 on the low-end and down $0.10 on the high-end for a new range of $5.25 to $5.50, up from $4.38 last year. In fine-tuning the guidance, Residential market volume was lighter than expected in the second quarter, driven by some unfavorable weather; although Residential mix has been better than expected. We're also reflecting some caution in Commercial HVAC national account business due to the tepid retail sales environment so far this year. In summary, overall, for 2015, we expect another record year for Lennox International with strong revenue growth and new highs for total segment margin and profit. We expect to have a strong cash generation year and continue to invest in the business for future growth, while also returning cash to shareholders through increased dividends and stock repurchases. Now, I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was a record $555 million, up 5%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue, volume was up 2%, and price and mix combined up 4%. Residential profit in the second quarter was a record $100 million, up 18% from the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was a record 18%, up 190 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix, and lower material costs with partial offsets from negative foreign exchange and investments in SG&A and distribution expansion. Now, turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. In the second quarter, Commercial revenue was a second quarter record, $254 million, up 5%. Foreign exchange had a negative 5% impact on revenue; volume was up 10%; and price and mix combined was flat. North American Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up low-double-digits. Europe HVAC revenue was down mid-teens, including the negative foreign exchange impact, although up mid-single-digits at constant currency as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit in the second quarter was a record $43 million, up 10% from the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was a second-quarter record 17%, up 80 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume and lower material costs with partial offsets from negative mix, unfavorable foreign exchange, and higher SG&A including investments to support Commercial distribution expansion and growth in the VRF market. In Refrigeration, revenue in the second quarter was $184 million, down 4%, although foreign exchange had a negative 8% impact on revenue; volume was up 6%; price and mix combined was down 2%, including the negative 3% impact from Australian refrigerant. From a regional perspective, Todd already addressed revenue in constant currency. On a reported basis, with the negative impact from currency, North America was up high-single-digits, South America and Europe were both down high-teens, and Asia-Pacific was down more than 20%. Refrigeration segment profit was $13 million relatively flat with the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 7.2%, which was up 10 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, higher factory productivity, and lower material costs. Partial offsets included lower Australian refrigerant profitability, negative mix in the North American supermarket business, and unfavorable foreign exchange. Regarding special items in the second quarter, the company had after-tax charges of $2.3 million, including $1.3 million for restructuring activities in Australia, and $1 million for other items net. Corporate expenses were $22 million in the second quarter compared to $19 million in the same period a year ago. Overall, SG&A was $153 million in the second quarter compared to $149 million in the prior year quarter. Cash from operations in the second quarter was $70 million, which was up $52 million from the prior year quarter. As previously discussed, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we strategically built inventory to support the customers in the minimum-efficiency regulatory transition that took effect for certain products at the start of 2015. The special inventory build at that time amounted to $77 million, and we expect most of this to be monetized as we progress through the year. Capital spending was $15 million in the second quarter compared to $24 million in the quarter a year ago. Free cash flow was $55 million for the second quarter compared to $28 million in the prior-year quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $48 million at the end of June. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was $2.6 million ending the quarter, which is higher than our targeted range of one time to two times debt to EBITDA due to the accelerated share repurchase program. The second half is our seasonally strongest cash generation period and we expect to be back within our targeted debt-to-EBITDA range as we progress through 2015. Total debt was $1.06 billion ending the quarter. Now, I'll turn to our outlook for the balance of [Technical Difficulty] (12:50). For the Residential market in North America, we continue to expect HVAC shipments to be up mid-single-digits. For Commercial unitary market in North America, we still expect HVAC shipments to be up low-single-digits. And for the Refrigeration market in North America, we revised our view on the market in late May from being up low-single digits to being down low-single digits for the year. And as Todd mentioned, we expect to do this – we expect to do significantly better on the strength of specific national account business. With these underlying market assumptions in the first half of the year in the books, we now expect revenue growth of 4% to 7% for the company this year versus our prior guidance of 4% to 8%. We continue to expect a negative three-point impact from foreign exchange for revenue growth guidance, now of 1% to 4% at actual currency for the full year. We are narrowing our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the full-year from $5.20 to $5.60, to a range of $5.25 to $5.50. Incorporating this change in $0.05 more of special charges in the second quarter, guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations moves to a range of $5.14 to $5.39 for the full year. Now, looking at the headwinds for 2015. We continue to expect foreign exchange to have a $20 million negative impact on earnings net of specific price increases that we've enacted to help mitigate the unfavorable FX. Most of this headwind is coming from the Canadian dollar with some coming from the Australian dollar as well. The mid-2014 repeal of the carbon tax in Australia had a negative $10 million impact on us in the first half 2015, including $2 million more than previously guided for the second quarter. We now expect corporate expenses to be $80 million for the full-year, up from our prior guidance of $75 million. This really reflects our continued investments in the business. A headwind of $3 million is still expected from investments in VRF for the year, and we have strong – excuse me, and we have ongoing investments in the expansion of our Residential and Commercial distribution network across North America as well. Now, we look at the tailwinds for 2015. On the commodities front, we continue to see a $15 million benefit to earnings. This includes the benefits we expect to see in 2015 from lower metal prices, copper, steel, and aluminum, as well as lower fuel costs. We are raising guidance for savings from our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs from $35 million to $40 million for 2015. We continue to expect $10 million of incremental price for the full year. This is separate from the price we are capturing specifically to help offset negative foreign exchange. We are on track for about $4 million from incremental savings this year from our second plant in Mexico. And we now expect Residential mix to be a $5 million benefit in 2015, up from our prior assumption, or to be flat this year. Just a few more guidance points. We still expect net interest expense for the year of about $25 million. Our effective tax rate guidance remains 34% to 35% on a full-year basis. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share count for the full-year to be approximately 45 million shares. Capital expenditures are now expected to be $80 million for the year, down from prior guidance of $85 million, and we are still targeting free cash flow of about $265 million for 2015. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: And first line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Steve.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: First just on the resi front, can you just clarify – you said I think – I think you said volumes were up low single digits there. What was the benefit from pure price and then mix, broken up?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We'll lumped them together and we said price and mix was a positive – full 4 points for the...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So, I mean, I assume mix is the – with that kind of 14 point swing there, I assume the mix is a pretty significant percentage of that?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. In the order of magnitude I think it's – the mix is greater piece – than price for that piece. But again, sort of on the guide points, we raised the guidance for flat for resi mix to plus $5 million. So that reflects it. Maybe let me go a little bit on – a little digression on the 14 points improvement in the mix, which is a big number. The vast majorities, you can expect of that mix improvement is homeowners and homebuilders moving from 13 SEER to 14 SEER. So a small step up that crosses the threshold on how we historically report this. In prior periods, when we quoted SEER mix up a couple percentage points or so, a larger slice of that move was made up of people moving to our premium products, our Lennox Signature Series, our 16 SEER, 18 SEER and even up to 26 SEER. All that being said, I think it's good news. We had some concerns as we went into this transition in the South and we said if things went as we expected or hoped that we'd have some mix upside; and that's what we're seeing. It's going as expected. We pre-build an appropriate level of 13 SEER to support our customers this year and we think others have done the same. Pricing has been rationale and we're seeing a relatively smooth transition from the 13 SEER to 14 SEER in the South and Southwest. Obviously, we'll know more as we go through the rest of July, August and early September. But so far, so good.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And why the – is there anything specific that underlies the caution around commercial and the retail accounts? I mean, is that just – you make it sound like it's a macro call on retail sales or – is that it? Or is it something around your visibility on your backlog being led there?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's both is the short answer. And let me again sort of step back and talk about the Commercial business overall, because we had a really good quarter; but let's talk about both sides of the business. Half of what we do is non-national accounts. Revenue now is up double-digits in the first half, both first quarter and second quarter, and the momentum continues. That reflects the broad recovery in the commercial market and that we're gaining share in emergency replacement. The other half of our business is in national accounts. We had – we're down 20% in first quarter, we're now up high single digits in second quarter. But we're cautious on the macroenvironment and not only the tepid retail sales that everybody sees, but just conversations with our customers. Commercial HVAC national account third quarter backlog is down year-over-year. So to directly answer your question, we see backlog, and it's down. But we have two-thirds of the backlog coverage for our revenue target in Q3. And so we've reflected all this in our updated guidance. Since I – in first quarter, to sort of be very clear about all this. In first quarter we were surprised. We now think we have a perspective on what's going to happen in the balance of the year and we rolled it into our guidance.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then one last question just on Refrigeration. One of your key, I guess, customer/competitors out there has really kind of continue to see weakness in your business. I think you're taking some share. But there are some claims you guys are doing this by price, which make a little sense. I mean, the margin entitlement for the industry seems to be a lot higher than where you are. So why not show margin – you guys can show margin improvement and still be a little bit more aggressive in your approach to providing value to the customer. Is this a one-off? A) is this your approach; and then, B) is this a one-off with a couple particular customers? Or is this something that you see the opportunity to kind of continue to hammer away at into 2016 as well?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think I'll broaden the answer and not directly respond to the question. And what I'd say about this, I think we've demonstrated at Lennox International, we know how to price, we know how to sell premium product, we know how to get price and mix in the marketplace, and we want to do the same thing with our Refrigeration business. There are some times with certain customers that you bite off volume, and when you know you're going to be able to take your costs down over time and for the life of the contract, it can be a positive contract for you even if upfront it's some aggressive pricing. But, look, we have aggressive margin targets for the corporation and for Refrigeration; we're not in the business of bottom feeding.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Sure. And, sorry, the life of this particular contract, does this go into 2016 and 2017?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It is a multi-year agreement.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Jeff.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: So great margin progression in Residential. Can you just speak about – to get 50% incrementals, can you just speak to how you think about that into the second half? It seems like price, costs if anything should get better.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't know if we do quite 50% for the balance of the year, but we're seeing a very good momentum in the Residential business. It's reflecting the mix up that we saw in the summertime and reflecting the $5 million increase in resi mix. I think the majority of that's going to be in second quarter, a little bit in third quarter, and then when we get into furnace season second half of the third quarter and fourth quarter you won't see all that benefit as we go from 13 SEER to 14 SEER on air conditioners. It reflects what we're doing in Mexico and it reflects a continued material cost reduction. And then our resi business, maybe second quarter is our big volume quarter and so that's where we saw sort of the biggest hits on the MCR.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then you said that the transition is kind of playing out as you thought with maybe a little bit of mix upside. So can you maybe just speak to where your 13 SEER inventories sit in the Sunbelt and what you're hearing about the competitive landscape, and how that kind of plays into the second half?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We're going to have plenty of inventory as we see it today. I'd like to – maybe we want if it really continues hot. But short answer is we plan to have inventory that last us through the – at least last us through the summer selling season. Again, since we own distribution, I'm not overly concerned, if we have too much, because we can reposition it as needed. What we're hearing from the marketplace is our major competitors are in pretty good shape. But I think we'll know – there's a hot spell right now. I think we'll know more as we get through the end of July. We've heard sort of on a micro level that some distributors maybe short, but it's unclear to me how much the OEMs have in reserve, but so far it's playing out as we have hoped.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: And then just real quick on the July comment in the hot spell, have you seen at least your unit shipments normalize here into the third quarter?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We've seen – so far, we're off to solid start in the third quarter that the heat is now hitting in the Upper Midwest. And I live in Dallas and it's been 100 degrees for the last week, and we still expect residential shipments to be up for the industry mid-single-digits and volume normalize second half of the year. So I think that's a long answer to say, yes.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Rich.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning, Rich.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So just on Residential. Todd, the incremental caution was – it sounds like with May coming in weaker in some key areas, that's really it. But as you think about what happened in June and here in the first part of July, would you say that there is – how cautious is that outlook? Because it seems like maybe there's some room for upside on the Residential side if the heat sticks with us.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Let me decouple the comments that I made in the script. I think – because I think there's two caution flags, sort of two things that I waved; one on resi. I think you have it spot on in the sense of – it's reflecting what happened in May. So that's sort of a rearview mirror point of view that says, for a full year number – the full year of our revenue guides always – if it's just a hot summer beginning to end, then we do great. And so lowering the high-ends reflecting that once you miss [Technical Difficulty] (26:22). The forward-looking caution is around national accounts. And what I was signaling there is, we're down 20% first quarter, we're up close to 10% in second quarter in national accounts. It's a bit of a rocky ride right now on our national accounts on our Commercial HVAC business, and I just wanted to send a signal that people shouldn't bake 10% in third quarter and fourth quarter in their model for national accounts, because we're not sure that's going to happen. All that being said, it's in our new guidance. So we've accounted for – both of those cautions in our new numbers.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So relative to your comments you discussed back in the middle of June around national accounts and whatnot with some – potentially some incremental caution, it sounds like June came in better than expected, but maybe there's some push-out that's more likely to occur in – or could occur in Q3, that's really around the caution here?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. You've got it.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. And then commodities – so you're keeping the $15 million, it seems like – how would you characterize – I know you're covered on a lot of the copper and whatnot, but steel is down pretty significantly and there may be some benefit here in 2015. How would you characterize, how – there is some upside potentially there, how comfortable are you with the $15 million? And then, as we think about next year, it seems like there should be some potential upside to metals in terms of your cost and whatnot, how do we think about that or start to think about it?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think on 2015, I think you captured it right. I mean, we sort of forecast what we think steel is going to do and we rolled that into our guide. $15 million is sort of our best point of view right now, and steel is lower than what we have in our forecast, and then we have some upside. 2016, we have a running head start; because of copper, we'll guide all that in December, but we're now halfway through 2015. So we're already hedging for 2016. And so when you're hedging it, $2.55, $2.60 a pound of copper, which is what it's been recently, that's going to be lower than our average purchase price in 2015. So, yeah, short answer is we've got a running start on commodities in 2016.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay, great. And then just last one on the mix. So just to clarify, so the mix, you got the benefit on the RNC with the shift of 13 SEER, 14 SEER, but I might have missed, what – if you strip that out, what's the replacement activity in terms of mix? That sounds like it's a positive or a greater positive than expected?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I mean, I didn't – we didn't call out mix by segment as you're asking it. But the short answer is, on AOR, add-on and replacement, we had sort of thought there was going to be neutral mix and we're seeing positive mix up.
Rich M. Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: And we'll go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning, gents.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Good morning.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Just back to kind of the 13 SEER, 14 SEER, is there anything to glean here about kind of price elasticity and what the retail customer will take? In other words, it sounds like maybe we all overbuilt 13 SEER, right, the push to 14 SEER is easier than we thought. And you're not going to be stuck with the 13 SEER, but in retrospect maybe the industry needed a little less?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I understand the question. I think the – there has always been price elasticity with the consumer, right? Because they buy a unit once every 12 years and equipment only accounts for half the total ticket price. It's always been how do the OEMs play it and how do the dealers play it against each other. I think the important thing has been, there is a smooth transition. And if the smooth transition could have taken place a different way that would have been fine, but it's a little bit of a prisoners dilemma. We didn't want to be the only guy who didn't have 13 SEER, if others did, and so we needed to make sure we had it. We always want to have the low cost solution and we have the low cost solution and we feel good about it.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. And then on non-national accounts; Todd, is there any particular vertical in there that's driving the business?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Jeff, it's pretty broad recovery for us in the verticals we play in unitary. So light manufacturing, even schools are up year-over-year, low rise office buildings, and then sort of coming out at not from an end market vertical, but more of sort of how we go to market, the emergency replacement initiative, and all the investments we've made there in the new products, and the same-day delivery, it's all paying dividends and we continue to – we think we're gaining share. We don't think the non-national account markets growing mid-teens, but that's where we're growing.
Jeff T. Sprague - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: And we'll go to Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you. Shifting back to Commercial real quick. You talked about some of your backlog numbers early in the call. Is some of the up and down that we've seen in the first half, is that driven more by units going to new construction of retail, or is this deferment or something to do with the normal replacement cycle that you could see?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: It's more about planned replacement, Keith. On the new construction side, as you well know, I'll say it for others on the call, we have longer visibility to that and once they – for lack of a more elegant phrase, once they're baked on the land and the construction starts, they don't really waive those off. Where you sort of having the ups and downs is planned replacement.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And in Refrigeration starting in the third quarter, we'll have fully anniversaried all the issues in Australia with referring to (32:10) tax, is that correct?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Correct. I'm hoping the words Australia refrigerant doesn't leave my mouth on the third quarter call.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: All right. Congratulation on a good quarter. Thanks.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: And next question is from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: I'm sorry, if I missed it, but the 2% volume in resi, did you break that out between the performance in the AOR and the RNC?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, we didn't break volume out. What we said was revenue on both businesses were up mid-single digits. Both side of the business were up mid-single digits.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Did you see a bounce back in the RNC piece? I know that it was waived down in the first quarter by weather?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We saw it bounce back some, but still below our overall 10% guide for the year. And so what we're counting on and expecting is – and I think you see it in the builder confidence numbers is a big second half for the year. And from permitting and from starts, I think we've seen the preconditions for that to happen.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah. I mean, how are you thinking about the pent-up demand equation given that kind of low volume number, especially given we're at near record consumer confidence levels?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think pent-up demand is still the case. I think there was some – in Texas, which is a big market for us and for the industry, I mean, it rained the entire month of May and even beginning of June it was still wet; and the Upper Midwest, which is a real swing area – because it always gets hot in North Carolina, the question is does it get hot in Chicago, does it get hot in Wisconsin, and those places have just turned hot the last few weeks. And so I step back and say, if you had told me this weather pattern in a normal year without pent-up demand, I'd say our volume is going to be down especially given the year we had last year. But the fact that it – our unit volume is up a couple points and we got strong pricing and mix, and revenue is up mid single-digits, I think all that's good news.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And then maybe just lastly, I just wanted to check in on the share count guidance, 45 million weighted average; I assume you'll end the year then significantly below that number?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Actually, I think we'll be slightly below that number, but for the full year, it'd be approximately 45 million shares.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Right. But the ending share count number, that will be below 45 million.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yes. That's correct.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Short answer, it'll be below. And I mean, sort of the math is right on our ASR we got 70% upfront, we'll get 30% when we settle out.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Correct.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: And then we'll also issue shares for incentive programs at the end of the year. And so that's sort of the high level...
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Yeah.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: And the settling out, is that happening kind of evenly between 3Q and 4Q, or is it weighted?
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: They don't give us visibility of that, it's just a requirement. But what we will expect that it'll be probably late third quarter, early fourth quarter, when it's all settled.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Got you. And what's a normal level of annual issuance to model? Like share issuance as an offset.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: For dilution from share based comp?
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Yeah. Yeah.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: I don't have that number up.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: (35:23) we'll get back to you with the number.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Okay. Got it. Thanks guys.
Operator: And next we'll go to Sam Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yeah. Thanks very much and good morning everyone. Just a quick question on the Residential business. You commented obviously about the Texas issues as well as the Upper Midwest. Can you talk about how much that was a headwind for you guys in the quarter maybe on – talking about days that you were able to be open throughout the course of the quarter, or even just the year-on-year decrease of volume?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: If I knew, I'd tell you. I mean, it's sort of a tough one to quantify in a direct way. You just know it's a headwind, then you track the order rates, and you know sort of how you're down in these big markets. Our – we have a large independent distributor that we sell through our Allied brands in Texas and they were down year-over-year, and we see those kind of performances, as you know weather had a big impact.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And then regarding the $5 million of incremental mix. Was any of that recognized in the first half of the year, or is that all second half weighted?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We called out for Residential that that mix was up 4% – excuse me, price and mix was up 4%. And we said the majority of that was mix and a piece of that was that $5 million. So short – long way around the barn. More of the $5 million was in second quarter – more than half of the $5 million was in second quarter.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right, great. Thanks. I'll hope back in queue.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Todd, you were talking about the mix in resi in the 2013 to 2014, and prior quarters a lot of it was in the premium, are you still seeing the move into premium? It just got dwarfed by the 2013 to 2014?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's true. I also think part of the issue was, or part of the point was last two years – certainly, last year we came out with our ultimate home comfort system, 26 SEER unit, new control system, and really sort of pushed that hard. And I think we got a big bump last year, more than a normal sized bump last year on what our guys refer to as raising the ceiling of the mix, whereas second quarter this year was more about raising the floor of the mix.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: And on mix, on Commercial, the negative [Technical Difficulty] negative mix to margins, is that mostly from the national accounts? Is that how we think about that, or what drove the negative mix in Commercial?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think what drove the negative mix in Commercial was sort of in the details of customers and what type of boxes they buy and what type of product that they buy. And that's sort of code words, where we sold as a percentage basis less of our sort of very high-end highest efficiency product line and more of our more standard type units.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: That wasn't an effective VRF?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: No, VRF (38:34).
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question from Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Good morning guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hey.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hey, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Hey. Just on this planned replacement, the swinging around of this, the down 20% in the first quarter – I mean, the second quarter sounded like even month-to-month was pretty choppy and must have finished strong. Is this different than the way you are used to that business operating? And, I mean, is there – are there customers sort of waiting until the very end of the quarter or something to do things? Or is there anything you've learnt about kind of the current psychology around that that's leading to these kind of big swings?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think I'd say this, I'd say Commercial has always been highly cyclical. When the market turns like it did in 2008, it's a marble falling off the table. So there is huge cyclicality in the business, because planned replacement, they can differ. I think what it reflects right now is sort of month-to-month thinking of some of these big retailers given the uncertainty of that segment of our economy. And they and we know that these lower their operating costs and are good things for them to do if you have a two-year or three-year horizon, but some of these retailers are sort of pulling it back in and I think that's what this reflects. In terms of the end of the quarter, the way our business – I think is similar to other business and how people spend money, we tend to have a rush at the end of quarters, and we got some good news this quarter.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the restructuring in Refrigeration, what's the – how does that benefit ramp in the back half? And then what's the carryover there in 2016?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Again, it's all in the guide. We have $2 million or $3 million of benefit this year from the restructuring actions we took in Refrigeration and order of magnitude on an annualized basis, it's twice that. So sort of another incremental $2 million or $3 million next year year-over-year.
Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. All right. Thanks guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks a lot. There've been a lot of questions on U.S. mix and so on. So maybe just switching to Europe, a bunch of the companies reporting last week seemed to be seeing better trends there. Your own Commercial business, I think organically seems to have picked up a little bit as well. Anymore color you can provide?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, we're seeing what you referred to. About 40% – 45% of what we do is in Europe, is in France, and that market has appeared to rebound somewhat and we – so we're up mid-single-digits costs in (41:23) FX. We also saw some growth on a year-over-year basis in some of our North African and Turkey markets. And so, again from a very tough 2014, we saw some pickup, but really the improvement has been in France.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And then just within your gross margin, you had a very good improvement in Q2, Q1 had been down, and last year was flat. So I guess when you're looking forwards from here, do you think that that gross margin performance can be replicated or even improved upon?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think the initiatives that we're taking around material cost reduction, around the factory benefits in Mexico, I think all those continue to provide fuel in the engine. I think the swing will always [Technical Difficulty] (42:12) because sometimes commodities go the other way on you. But when you have a quarter like we did this time where everything is in the right direction, you get nice pop in gross margin.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks. And then, lastly, the Refrigeration restructuring effort, maybe talk a little bit about not so much the financial benefit or what have you, but the motive behind. I mean, I understand short-term there's issues, but have you taken any slightly different view on the medium-term growth outlook assumption, and that's one reason why you've done this restructuring?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I don't think too much to be read into it in terms of longer term views on the business. It's we've had – the Australian economies – we always talk about the Australia refrigerant, because that's a big headline that we had talked about, but the underlying economy has been soft, it's driven in big part by minerals and mining. And so it's been under pressure and we just needed to right-size the business. And we came to the conclusion that we needed to do that and we did. Kysor/Warren, again similar points that, while we continue to grow in revenue, there was some pruning that needed to be done there to help drive the profitability of the business and we did it. So I won't read too much into it other than sort of normal corporate managing of the cost structure to – how to be in line with profitability and revenue growth.
Julian C. H. Mitchell - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And we'll go to Walter Liptak with Global Hunter. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Securities: Hi. Thanks. I want to go back to the SEER 14 mix again and just make sure that I'm understanding this right. I guess, as you go into the third quarter in the Upper Midwest, which I think is more of like a SEER 13 region, that's where you'll have some lower margins flowing through and that mix of SEER 14 plus coming back down a little bit?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I mean, I wasn't so much trying to – I think that's probably true, but I wasn't trying to lead with that point, I was just trying to lead with – the peak of the summer selling season is where you get the cleanest read of what's happening with the SEER mix improvement. And as you go into the furnace season, you're just selling fewer air conditioners and it's quite frankly a less important metric.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Securities: Okay. Yeah, I get that. But the regions that were hot in the second quarter sound like they were SEER 14 regions anyways, and that's probably a part of the reason why you had this significant improvement in SEER 14 mix?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think that's fair. But just sort of parenthetically, you can – we make decent money on 13 SEERs in Wisconsin and Chicago and some of the southern markets tend to be very competitive. So I'm not worried about that we're going to have negative mix, because we're selling air conditioners in Wisconsin. I hope we can sell as many there as we can.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Securities: Okay. All right, fair enough. And just a question about the CapEx. You brought that down $5 million for 2015. Was there a program that was lowered or how should we think about that?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it just reflects operational execution, and things are taking a little longer than we sort of had put in our plan, and we just want to reflect it in the guidance. But all the things are going to happen at just – some of the expense – CapEx will be in January, February rather than November, December.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Securities: Okay. Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Josh.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: Hi, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So, Todd, if you were to characterize this mix environment right now in resi, and clearly you're starting to see the benefit of that 14 SEER adoption. Can you say how much progress we've made to what the market will look like on an underlying basis in 2016 and beyond? So are we halfway there today? Are we two-thirds of the way there today? I mean, I guess, it looks like it's clearly happening earlier. Just trying to figure out how much of this we've kind of pulled from 2016 into 2015 in terms of the step-up?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Well – I don't – the short answer is I'm not sure. I think that sort of tied to the question of how much 13 SEER is still in the channel, and how much all of us still have between now and the end of the year. But what will happen in 2016 is the metrics we gave won't be 14 SEER and above, it'll be 15 SEER and above, because 14 SEER all of a sudden becomes the new sort of minimum number that you're talking to in many parts of the country. I think sort of the bigger question around how the future environment is going to look is where the 14 SEER pricing in the South and Southwest shakes out at and where it stays at, and how far does it go down now that it becomes a new battleground. And it really hasn't been tested yet, because 13 SEER still remains the battleground even in the South because when the deal gets tough where – everyone who has 13 SEER is going to lead with 13 SEER, because that's still the most competitive product we have. I'm optimistic and the $5 million residential mix uptick that we guided to sort of reflects that optimism, that's all going to shake out. But I don't think we'll know until we get into 2016, how it's all finally going to settle down.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Is it fair to see that you're seeing a good level of voluntary adoption there, i.e., there's still inventory in the channel, but maybe not that price down affect yet? So we're getting a little bit of the good and maybe not all of the bad yet?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: That's probably fair.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then just on the national accounts business, not to beat the dead horse here, but I remember some – our make-up business from the first quarter that you said was spaced out more or less evenly over the rest of the year, maybe a little back-half weighted. Is that how it played out in the quarter? You took a bite of that push-out business, but didn't make all of it up? Or was 2Q kind of a bigger make-up quarter in that than you would have expected?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think Q2 is probably a bigger makeup quarter than what we've expected, number one. Number two is, I think, my sort of role in color commentary that changes as I talk about this, reflects the role in color commentary that our customers are giving us. And so it may sound like I'm on the one hand on the other hand, but what it just reflects is a changing dynamic in conversation with customers.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got you. Okay. That's helpful. And then, on the caution that you guys are seeing, I've heard pent-up replacement – planned replacement push outs, it sounds like new square footage growth is also a bit of an impediment. Which one is the bigger issue? Because I guess deferrals don't get deferred forever but maybe Walmart doesn't wake-up and decide they need to add 5% to their store count either. So just trying to understand how much of each of those dynamics is at play here?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Sort of in – sort of quarter-to-quarter color, sort of the this role in color commentary I'm giving you is more about the planned replacements being pushed out sort of the new store construction six months out; we have pretty good visibility on that and customers don't change much.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And the tone on new store construction – is it more healthy or maybe pulling back a bit?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think it's a mixed bag, it's a mix bag. I mean, some of the big retailers – I mean, Walmart has been very public about what they're doing – and that – but that's always been reflected in our numbers from the beginning of the year. The color commentary that I'm specifically giving is more sort of the incremental ignoring Walmart and our Commercial HVAC is – we know what they're doing and they're sort of broadly sticking to it. It's sort of the other pieces of the pie.
Joshua Pokrzywinski - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Got you. Understood. All right. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Good. Thanks.
Operator: Our final question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey guys. Sorry. A quick follow-up. What are you hedged into copper this year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're probably 85%, 90% hedged at this point.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: That's about right...
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No. What price?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We don't give that.
Joseph W. Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President: We don't give that. It's a great question, but we're about 80% hedged though.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. So you give it for next year, but you're not...
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: I think all I said for next year was, I've said when copper is about $2.50 to $2.60, like it is today, you get a running head start for next year. And then I said in December, we'll guide to the commodity. So I'm not suggesting, say, 100% next year is going to be $2.50, $2.60. I'm just reading the thermometer, what it says today and reflecting that's good news.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I got it. Got you. And then one last question to Jeff's point around, I guess, you've used the term overstocked or whatever it was, what are the mechanics of that? Can you just talk about, to the extent that you have some – I wouldn't really deem it as extra 13 SEER, because there's still demand for 13 SEER out here. So what are the mechanics and how that plays out? And it doesn't seem to me there should be any material financial impact. I mean, more mix is – more 14 SEER is a good thing. So I guess what are the mechanics of that fundamentally and financially?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, it's danger of answering it theoretical. So I was just sort of rolling with Jeff's question. I think his broader question was, if you knew how everybody was going to behave, could you all have just gone directly to 14 SEER and that's what I was trying to answer. On the question of 13 SEER, zero concern. I mean, we – the details are we can – people can sell 13 SEER until July of 2016. And so there's a long way to go between now and July of 2016 in the South and Southwest. And if we get there, and it's not where we wanted to be, then we have by then probably 220 PartsPlus stores and 10 or 15 regional distribution centers, we have a great logistic network, we'll just move the product where it needs to be moved.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. So it's not like there is a write-down or anything like that. I mean it's – the inventory is so good.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: We're not selling lattice. So the 13 SEER we have in the South, we can sell to you in a home at Connecticut or New York.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: And I'll turn it back to the company for closing remarks.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, operator. A few points to leave everybody with. The company posted record profits in the second quarter with margin expansion and revenue growth of constant currency across all three businesses, which was great to see. We expect further success in second half 2015 and are well positioned for another year of record margin and profit on strong revenue growth. Thanks everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - Vice President, Investor Relations Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Steve Tusa - J.P. Morgan Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Barry - Susquehanna Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Johnny Wright - Nomura Keith Hughes - SunTrust Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Securities Jim Krapfel - Morningstar Glenn Wortman - Sidoti
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2015. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Let me start with a few high-level comments on our businesses for the first quarter. In Residential, our strong business momentum continued. Residential revenue was up 7% at constant currency in the face of unfavorable weather conditions in the first quarter. Residential profit rose 28% over the prior year quarter and segment margin expanded 150 basis points to 8.6%. Revenue from Replacement business was up high-single digits. While New Construction revenue was flat from the impact of severe weather in much of the country. With the onset of spring and summer, we are confident our business in the New Construction market will see a rebound. On the operational front, we are on track in Mexico for $4 million of savings in 2015 and an additional $11 million in 2016 following the opening of our second plant in the second half of last year. The facility performed well with furnished production for the winter season, we continue to grow and expand our operations there. Our Residential distribution expansion also continues. We opened two new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the first quarter to now total 163 stores across North America on our way to a total of 250 stores in 2017. Turning to our Commercial business, revenue was down 3% at constant currency and segment margin and profit were down from a year ago. National account equipment revenue was down high-teens as we saw the timing of orders shift beyond the first quarter into the second, third and fourth quarters for this year. This is due to severe winter weather in much of the country, as well as some timing decisions by specific national account customers. While Commercial national accounts business was down in the first quarter, our backlog is up double digits from year ago and we continue to expect solid goal for 2015 overall. In the first quarter alone, we won 10 new national account customers and of to a great start with new customer business coming online within the next year. In the portion of our business that’s non-national account, we continue to see strong momentum with high single-digit revenue growth. This reflects our continued progress in emergency replacement market and the underlying continued strength of the North America unitary market. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was flat at constant currency. A disappointing first quarter on the national account timing, but with strong backlog we are well-positioned over the coming quarters to deliver a solid year and momentum continues in our non-national account business. In Refrigeration, the quarter was as we expected. Refrigeration revenue was down 2% at constant currency. By region, North America was up mid-single digits, led by double-digit growth in supermarket business, Asia was up mid-teens and South America was up low single digits, Europe was down low double digits and Australia was down mid-teens. We discussed previously that it would be a tough quarter for Refrigeration and it was, but as expected. Refrigeration segment margin and profit were up significantly from the year ago level due to lower refrigerant profitability from repeal of the carbon tax in Australia, North America supermarket mix and foreign exchange. In the second we’ll have a couple million dollars more of negative impact from repeal of the carbon tax in Australia and then the tough year-over-year comparisons will behind us going into the second half. I would note that Refrigeration segment margin was flat from a year ago, when adjusted for the impact of Australian refrigerant in the constant currency. For the full year in Refrigeration we continue to expect top and bottomline growth with 50 basis points in margin expansion. Overall for the company in the first quarter, revenue was up 2% at constant currency. Total segment profit margin was down 60 basis points to 4.5%. This includes the negative impact of $6 million from Australia refrigerant and $4 million from foreign exchange. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations came in at $0.37, compared to $0.42 in the first quarter a year ago. With the seasonally lightest quarter of the year behind us and better weather, the second quarter is off to a solid start, Residential business momentum is continuing. The Refrigeration business is stabiling as we expected and Commercial is a strong backlog of national account business scheduled over the coming quarters. We are maintaining our view on revenue and EPS growth for 2015, and expect another strong year of growth and record profitability with strong cash generation. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I will provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $363 million, up 6%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Volume was up 6% and price and mix combined was up 1%. Residential profit in the first quarter was $31 million, up 28% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 8.6%, which was up 150 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs, with partial offsets from negative foreign exchange and investments in SG&A and distribution expansion. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. In the first quarter, Commercial revenue was $160 million, down 8%. Foreign exchange had a negative 5% impact on revenue, volume was down 3% and price and mix combined was flat. North American Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was down mid single digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down high teens including the negative foreign exchange impact although flat at constant currency as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit in the first quarter was $8 million, down 25% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 4.8%, down 110 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by lower volume, negative foreign exchange and investments in distribution expansion and the VRF business with partial offsets from favorable price and mix and lower material cost. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the first quarter was $163 million, down 9%. Foreign exchange had a negative 7% impact on revenue. Volume was up 1% and price and mix combined was down 3%. From a regional perspective, Todd already addressed revenue growth in constant currency. But on a reported basis, Asia was up low double digits, North America was up mid single digits, South America was down mid teens, and Europe and Australia were down more than 20%. Segment profit was $4 million, down 67% from the prior year quarter as expected. Segment profit margin was 2.4%, which was down 430 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by lower Australian refrigerant profitability, following the mid 2014 repeal of the carbon tax, unfavorable mix in North America supermarket business, and negative foreign exchange, with partial offsets from lower material costs and factory productivity. Regarding special items in the quarter, the company had after-tax charges of $2.8 million which included $2.2 million in a special legal contingency and $600,000 for other items, net. Corporate expenses were $12 million in the first quarter, compared to $11 million in the same period a year ago. Overall, SG&A was $133 million in the first quarter, which was down $2 million from the prior year quarter. Cash used in operations in the first quarter was $122 million compared to $125 million in the prior year quarter. Through the seasonality of our business, we tend to use cash in the first half and generate cash in the second half of the year. As previously discussed, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we strategically build inventory to support customers in the minimum efficiency regulatory transition that took effect for certain products at the start of 2015. The special inventory build amounted to $77 million. And we expect most of this to be amortized as we progress through the year. Capital spending was $18 million in the first quarter compared to $17 million in the quarter a year ago. Free cash flow was a use of $140 million in the first quarter compared to a use of $142 million in the prior-year quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $37 million at the end of the March. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.7, ending the quarter. This is higher than our typical range of one to two times debt-to-EBITDA due to the accelerated share repurchase program but we expect that to be back within a range as we progress through 2015. And total debt was $1.09 billion ending the quarter. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2015. First, our underlying market assumptions for 2015 essentially remain the same. For the industry overall, we expect North America Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North American Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect North American Refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits. Based on these market assumptions for shipments and our targets for market share gains, guidance for our revenue growth remains 4% to 8% at constant currency for the full year. We continue to expect a negative 3 point impact from foreign exchange for revenue growth guidance of 1% to 5% at actual currency for the full year. Guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the full year remains at range of $5.20 to $5.60. We are adjusting guidance for GAAP EPS from continuing operations to a range of $5.14 to $5.54 to incorporate the $0.06 of special charges we had in the first quarter. The various puts and takes going into our guidance for 2015 remain the same as we discussed on our last call on early February when we trued up guidance for the significant moves we had seen year-over-year in foreign exchange and commodities. Now looking at the headwinds for 2015. We continue to expect foreign exchange to have $20 million negative impact on earnings, net of specific price increases that we have enacted and are pushing through to help mitigate the unfavorable foreign exchange impact. Most of the headwind is coming from the Canadian dollar, with some coming from the Australian dollar. The repeal of the carbon tax Australia was a negative $6 million impact to us in the first quarter and we expect couple of million more dollars in the second quarter. A headwind of $3 million is expected from our investments in VRF for the year. We have ongoing investments in the expansion of our Residential and Commercial distribution network across North America as well. Now looking at some of the tailwinds for 2015. On the commodities front, we continue to see a $15 million benefit to earnings. This includes the benefits we expect to see in 2015 from lower metal prices to include copper, steel and aluminum but also lower fuel costs as well. We still target $35 million of savings from our sourcing and engineering lead cost reduction programs. And we continue to expect $10 million from incremental price for the full year. This is separate from the price we are capturing specifically to help offset negative foreign exchange. As Todd mentioned, we expect about $4 million from incremental savings this year from our second plant in Mexico. And we continue to assume Residential mix as flat in 2015. But we will know more about this as we move into the summer selling season. A few of the guidance points that are unchanged, corporate expense is expected to be approximately $75 million which is up slightly from 2014. We still expect net interest expense for the year of about $25 million. Our effective tax rate guidance remains 34% to 35% on a full year basis. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share account for the full year to be approximately 45 million shares. Capital expenditures are expected to remain at $85 million for the year and we are still targeting free cash flow of about $265 million for 2015. And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First, with the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hey good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: So can you go through the magnitude of the timing in whether it’s showing Commercial and then just as you look at the double-digit backlog growth. How should we think of the growth rate for Commercial for the next three quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: As I’ve mentioned in the call, Jeff, we saw multiple national account customer shift the timing of shipments for various reasons. In some cases, it was due to the severe winter weather we had where new construction would slow down were one of the last things that happened on a store, a new store when you put the air conditioner or -- excuse me -- the rooftop on top of the building. Some of the shipment shifted into Q2, but I would say more moved into the second half of the year and are scheduled for Q3 and Q4. It was a bit of a disappointment for Q1, but our North American national account backlog, as I talked about in the call was up double-digits from a year ago and we continue to expect a solid year overall in the business.
Jeff Hammond: So is that kind of a mid single-digit growth where you continued to outperform kind of the market expectation?
Todd Bluedorn: Overall for North America, Commercial, we’ve called the market up to be low single digits and we still believe we will outperform the overall market.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Great. And then just quick follow-up on the price, costs, seems like in between fuel and steel you maybe got a little more headwind but you are not changing that. How should we think about upside to that number?
Todd Bluedorn: You got me confusing. You said headwind. Say that one more time?
Jeff Hammond: I guess it seems like that tailwind is better with the lower fuel and lower steel costs.
Todd Bluedorn: We tried to true it up as best we could. On the call, I think it was in February when I announced fourth quarter earnings when we said a $15 million benefit from commodities. I think we sort of maybe either had flat or $5 million back in December and we raised it to $15 million, that’s sort of order of magnitude that’s still our best guess, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And next, we go to Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hey. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Steve. Good morning.
Steve Tusa: On the Refrigeration side, can you just maybe give us a little bit of an expectation of a trajectory? I mean, it just seems like it’s kind of tough to model quarter-to-quarter. You got a lot moving around there. So maybe if you could give us some sense that how those margins play out over the course of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, first, it’s not first quarter. We thought it would be a tough quarter and it was, but it was as expected. I think the sort of the moving pieces, I think that are most impactful to our margin story was in first quarter, we had $4 million year-over-year headwind because of the carbon tax repeal in Australia in the lower refrigerant pricing. And so we think that had -- obviously had major impact. We also had FX headwinds of a $2 million in first quarter, just associated with the Refrigeration segment. And so then, as we think about the second half of the year, we have another $2 million in second quarter from Australia refrigerant but second half of the year, we no longer have that headwind. And also some of the FX comparisons get a little bit better when we get to fourth quarter. That on top of the building backlog in order rates in North America was some of the business that we’ve won. As I talked about back in December, we don’t think it’s going to be a hockey stick here on Refrigeration. We think we are going to have a bounce back in margins, primarily second half of the year.
Steve Tusa: Okay. So kind of the exit rate, or it’s ultimately kind of where you expect this thing to kind of -- what's kind of the best range you can give or how good it could get this year or so, kind of think about the more normalized run rate in ’16?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question. I don’t think I’m not going to give a direct answer to it. I think the answer that we’ve given -- I mean, I think you can sort of model what Steve, given what I’ve said, right. So if you, kind of at full year are up 50 basis points, order of magnitude plus or minus.
Steve Tusa: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: And you have the first quarter number and I’m challenging you, we have $2 million of headwinds, $2 million or $3 million of headwind from Australia refrigerants in the second quarter and you can start to get sort of a trajectory.
Steve Tusa: Right. So you said a solid start for the second quarter. I mean, can you maybe just provide some -- are you just talking about resi, you talking about Commercial and then this solid start mean better than the revenue trends you had in the first quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. Part of the reason you’ve got to calibrate your words as you know, we do -- half of our business in the month of June, so it’s hard to be bullish and as you said -- too bullish when you said in April but when we think about Q2, so far a strong momentum in Residential. As we move into the spring and summer selling season, everything tracking as we had hoped and we also think given as I talked about it in the script, we actually think there is going to be some bouncing of Residential new construction about where it was in first quarter. Refrigeration business, as we just talked about stabilizing, we won’t have quite headwind in second quarter. Order rates look good, backlog looks solid. Commercial as I talked about in the phone call has a solid backlog in national accounts, up double digits from where we were in the year ago. When you sit at this part in mid April, we have about 70%-75% of the national accounts that we need to ship in the quarter. In backlog, we still have to book and ship, that’s a higher percentage than we normally have, sitting in the first month of the quarter. The non-national account business, which accounts for about half of what we do, as we talked about was up high single digits in first quarter and order rates there continue to be solid and continue along those trend lines. So net-net, feels good but always cognizant that June’s half of our revenue and a lot of things can happen between now and then.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot for the color.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next, we go to Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, gents.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Sprague: Just coming back to national accounts, I’m still struggling with -- and then you’ve said, you made it clear there is some videosyncratic customer issues. Is there a something, is there a something by vertical that stands out or some other factor that was making the slip into H2 as opposed to just being kind of a timing difference between the first and second quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Wal-Mart’s one of our larger customers and our largest customer, I believe in our North America Commercial equipment business and that’s had an impact but also not just them. I mean, we’ve had selective customers sort of push things out. Again, everyone -- it’s a dozen or so accounts because this is sort of how national accounts work and they all have different stories. As we talk to them, we are still confident for the full year and that’s why we said what we said. But for all different reasons, they push things out. Weather was part of it, but also just their own decision-making of when they had the money and when they wanted to spend it.
Jeff Sprague: I think you characterized pricing exports as positive in the quarter for resi. Any initial feel on how the ’13 versus ’14 plays out here as enter into the key season, or is there anything in behavior that is kind of notable one-way or the other?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I mean, I think the headline, Jeff, is so far so good. It’s going as expected but again, so the caveat of it’s early. You know this will, but I will repeat it for others on the call. We pre-build an appropriate level of ’13 [sears] [ph] to support our customers this year and most if not, all of our major competitors did the same thing. We are seeing -- as we expected, we are seeing a smooth transition from the regulatory change. We will know more as we go through the summer season where some of our competitors run out, ‘13 [sear] [ph] and sort of how that affects things but so far so good.
Jeff Sprague: And then your comment that replacement was strong. What do you think we are at on replacement at this point? Do you actually see a replacement cycle gaining momentum per se? I think the replacement was strong in the quarter that was impacted by weather on the new construction side. Is there any other color you can provide there?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, just sort of answer the last part first. I mean, the cold weather helped on furnace sales, right. And so that sort of drives the replacement market and the winter broke late really in many parts of the country second half of the year. And so that helped furnace season if you will on the add-on and replacement but particularly construction. I continue to be very bullish as you know on the add-on and replacement market for Residential. I still think we have significant amount of pent-up demand. We didn’t see that during furnace season. We see that in the summer selling season, but we still think that’s out there. And we also -- as we’ve spoken about, we think the new construction boom of a decade ago is now starting to come into the replacement window. So I know the quarter is a bit of a disappointment because of Commercial. But the underlying fundamental of our story around Residential and add-on and replacement and pent-up demand just another quarter of continued momentum and we think that continues as we go into the balance of the year.
Jeff Sprague: Great. Thanks for the color.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Rich.
Rich Kwas: So on the national account piece, so Todd it sounds like you are pretty confident, what could be real second half, I mean what do you most concerned about in terms of the national accounts coming back?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, we are confident because our customers are confident, but customers can change their mind. That’s a biggest risk. So we are in constant dialogue with these national accounts customers as you can imagine. We have visibility of their plans over the balance of the year. But that being said, customers can change their mind and sort of change things around. So as we sit today, we feel confident for the balance of the year and that’s reflecting it. But there is a shot to the economy, the consumer quits spending and our national accounts want to quit building, I mean they are scenarios. But what we see now the economic environment we are in now, we all feel very good internally that this was just sort of a move-out and we feel good for the balance of the year.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then on the non-national accounts piece, which was pretty good. So what do you need to see to get more bullish about your overall view of the Commercial market for the U.S.?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we just have to go to the summer season. I mean, these are things where you sort of call it and then you see what happens. And obviously, our low-single digits call the marketing campuses both sides of the market. Not only for us but for the entire industry national accounts is a meaningful part of the unitary or rooftop market. The non-unitary business as we said was up high-single digits. That reflects both market, but I think it reflects us gaining share. The replacement initiative continues to work and continues to accelerate and we continue to build out our distribution more broadly and that’s helping with our sort of non-national account business.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then just the clarification, did you see 6 million from Australian headwind, the 4 million from FX on a year-over-year basis that you did?
Todd Bluedorn: I sort of mixed apples and oranges. I said overall for LII 6 million from Australia refrigerant and then 4 million from FX, so 10 million total headwind from those two things. And then if you’re just looking at -- if you’re trying to model the Refrigeration segment, all 6 million of Australia refrigerant and obviously it’s in Refrigeration segment and half of the 4 million of FX you could put into Refrigeration segment.
Rich Kwas: All right. Great. And one last one in terms of oil prices coming down, obviously it’s helping you on the cost side. Any signal in terms of the type of demand you are seeing that’s helping you on the demand side at all if you look at Residential replacement?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s hard to us answer, it’s hard to tell. I mean, as again we had good news on add-on and replacement and resi for the quarter, but there is a lots of forces driving that. When I read the same thing as you do, when I hear retailers talk about and when we talked to our retail customers, it sounds like a lot of consumers are putting the gas savings in their pocket rather than spending it. I assume if it’s true for them, it’s true for us. But even with that said, add-on replacement was strong and we expect it to continue to be strong.
Rich Kwas: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry: Wanted to actually follow up on currencies at 4 million total, 2 million in Refrigeration, I know there have been some concern about transactional exposure in Canada, does that mean that ended up being really quite small?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think it just means that we are going to see it for the balance of the year. Joe talked about 20 million of headwind for the quarter -- or excuse me for full year from FX and that’s net of pricing we are able to get in Canada. And we announced some price increases, but we will see the volume and the furnace is a strong season, it’s also strong second and third quarter. Joe, do you have that?
Joe Reitmeier: I would just say that seasonally first quarter is one of our lightest that’s why saw heavy impact that it relative to our total full year guidance.
Robert Barry: Okay. Why is that? I mean it’s furnace season, it’s mostly a furnace market, why is that more in 2Q, 3Q?
Todd Bluedorn: When you look at the numbers, it is the furnace market, but air conditioner sale for a lot more on a dollar basis than what furnaces do. And so even in Canada, they buy air conditioners, even on summer season it matters. And then what happens is when you have a catastrophic failure on an air conditioner, you have a tendency especially when you live in Canada or cold weather environment they replace the whole system and we do a system sale and we get the furnace. So summer season, even there is a large portion of the business.
Robert Barry: Got you. How would you characterize the underlying end market outlook in Refrigeration? You mentioned that your business came in as expected, but I know a competitor too preannounced during the quarter citing weakness in Refrigeration or foodservice?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s choppy. Globally as we mentioned is we did well in Asia. We did well in a tough market in Brazil. Europe was soft, but it was soft for everybody. And in North America, we were up and driven by growth in our North America grocery segment, I think that’s share gain. So I think we called the market in Refrigeration flattish back in December and that still sort of feels right, right now.
Robert Barry: Got you. And then finally on the margin in resi, you talked about a headwind being distribution expansion, is that investment actually rising year-over-year in dollar terms because you seem to have reached a pretty steady level pace of adding distribution?
Todd Bluedorn: It really hasn’t increased year-over-year, but again it’s sort of the way the model works as we continue to invest on a year-over-year basis, we have more fixed cost investment in distribution and then it takes 18 months or so to get covered. And so someday when we stop there will be a year where we say distribution net, net is sort of a good story for us rather than sort of the continued investment.
Robert Barry: Got you. Okay. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Just a couple of follow-on to overall -- some was already asked. I guess first on Commercial, if you could dimension now kind of 2Q versus second half, you mentioned having a lot of more backlog visibility than usual. Just wondering if you could kind of put that I guess down 15ish% in national accounts from 1Q if my math is right kind of portion out when those come back?
Todd Bluedorn: I think if you -- if I was going to build a model I might -- I do it a little less than linear, so a little less than one-third in second quarter sort of how I think about it. Again, we will have better view obviously as we get to the second quarter and sort of talked to our customers and see how it flows. But right now on a full year basis as I suggest that we are feeling still solid of what we call which is for the industry it could be up low-single digits and for us to have another solid year in Commercial.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And I guess, on the Resi business, just given some in the channel movement and obviously, it’s early in the year, so we’re working off of low absolute numbers on the base? How would you characterize your quarter versus maybe the market on sell-through? Obviously, HARDI and AHRI data through February were quite strong, but again, probably a function of small numbers and they denominated more than anything else?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I mean, we felt like we had a good quarter. We feel like we gain share over the last two and a half, three years and we think we continued to gain share. But the honest answer is, probably need to be a few more cards turned over and see how other people announce and see what they do. But we felt we had a nice quarter being up high-single digits that on replacement and a tough Residential New Construction market being flat and we think the momentum continues.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And on the FX headwind that you talked about, one thing that hasn’t really come up is, I would imagine with all the production that you do in Mexico and maybe with the industry as well that you’re getting some transactional benefit from labor cost denominated in pesos? Is that included in the guidance as part of the netting process? Is that something that could be a source of upside when we get into air conditioning season and more your production that comes from Mexico?
Joe Reitmeier: Yeah. There is slight benefit there that’s factored into our guidance. We have a small proportion of our cost that are conversion related. So, once again the benefit of the lower pesos is factored into the guidance that we provided.
Josh Pokrzywinski: And how big is that?
Joe Reitmeier: Yeah. I’ve seen it especially, but it’s -- again it sort of it’s all in the $20 million.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Yeah.
Joe Reitmeier: I mean, I think, if you look at the charts of what we’ve communicated of the percentage of volume of air conditioners that we build down there and that labor and fixed overheads -- labors about 10% of our cost of good sold, I think, you can sort of back into order of magnitude. But when you’re buying all the components, even those that we buy from Asia and U.S. denominated, current -- or U.S. -- in U.S. dollars and then you sell in the Canada, you still have the issues.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. All right. Thanks, guys.
Operator: And we’ll go to Johnny Wright with Nomura. Please go ahead.
Johnny Wright: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, John.
Johnny Wright: So just on the Refrigeration margin here, so clearly, you said tough start of the year and some of the headwind fade away in the second half. But, I think, Todd, you said underline margin flat in 1Q? So what are the kind of the big drivers in the second half of the year as we have a headwind fades away, the gates up plus 50 bps, so you had a quite a meaningful expansion for the second half?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it continues to be volume in North America, material cost reduction across our businesses and the commodity tailwinds. So I think all those are three sort of major drivers that will get volume and volume leverage, aggressive material cost reduction and continued commodity tailwinds.
Johnny Wright: Okay. And kind of broadly on the Refrigeration strategy you look forward. Is that, obviously, when the Wal-Mart business this year, which is giving you boost in the market. So you’re willing to be aggressive on price going forwards, trying get that volume leverage? Is that part of the strategy or is that sort of the one-off target?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, that implies that we were aggressive on price of Wal-Mart fact not an evidence. But I think what I -- because I think we want to full lots of reasons. Look, we want to make money and we think we have value-added product with some of the new product launches we come out. We’ve improved the reliability and delivery, and lead times of that business. And so we’re not looking to be the price leader, we want to ensure the right way and continue to grow the business with margins.
Johnny Wright: Okay. Great. And then just one more if I can. On the national accounts, I think, the backlog of 10%. Do you gave the order number there? What was the other growth for the national account customers in 1Q?
Todd Bluedorn: We didn’t give it and it’s higher than 10%. I think we said double digits and I would read that as mid-teens and we didn’t give the dollar figure. But I think you can sort of back into it, because I said, we’re 70% covered for second quarter for our national account business and it’s by half our business and so, I think, you can sort of figure it out.
Johnny Wright: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go to Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Of course, is in Residential. I think, as far as in this quarter, just from a production capacity utilization standpoint, where were we in the first -- what that look like to the rest of the year getting the backlog and [indiscernible] that you have the efficiency change?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m not sure I understand the question sort of borrow down on exactly what you’re looking for, Keith, I am not sure I understood.
Keith Hughes: Okay. You pre-build inventory obviously for the efficiency changes, if that can affect the production rates in the first half, first three quarters of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, what we do is we really -- well, we pre-build in fourth quarter, so we took productions from first quarter in the fourth quarter. And for the quarter, it may cost us $2 million or $3 million of absorption in first quarter. I didn’t whine about it because we didn’t pile or adjust in fourth quarter when we had the benefit. But net-net, we sort of swapped $2 million or $3 million of EBIT, if we pull from first quarter and the fourth quarter when we had that headwind this quarter. But second, third and fourth quarter will be more normal, sort of curve of productions changes from first quarter, fourth quarter.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Second question, back to Commercial again. Based on your comments from the previous question, I assume that national accounts will return back positive during the second quarter, is that correct?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s correct.
Keith Hughes: But it will be at a lower rate than we’ll see in the second half of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: I wouldn’t necessarily say that, what sort of whether at all play out. Because again, I was being asked -- I think the question I was being ask was, how was the miss in first quarter going to be laid on second, third and fourth quarter. But we never discussed what was in the base plan for second, third and fourth quarter. I think the answer is we think national accounts are going to be up each of the next three quarters. But I’m not really guiding to which is the stronger of the three.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass: Hi. Good morning, gentlemen.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Mark.
Mark Douglass: Todd, just to go back to an earlier question on Refrigeration, I think one of the questions we understand Australia has the headwinds but it’s still pretty lumpy on the organic growth side. Last quarter was really strong. This quarter’s weak. It’s just kind of back and forth. Anything or particularly you can cite as to why Refrigeration is so lumpy? Is it just large orders occurring in different quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I think it has to do with large orders. I think it has to do with the comps, obviously from the year before. And I think it has to do with the currency. I mean, when you look at actual currency as sort of significant headwind. When you look at a constant currency, I don’t think the story is quite as dramatic.
Mark Douglass: Right. Is the currency headwind affecting you in sales into overseas for Refrigeration, basically export, you are at a disadvantage?
Todd Bluedorn: No. It’s affecting us on translational.
Mark Douglass: Okay. And then finally with the 1Q of 2% organically, you are still guiding the 8% as a possibility. Can you give us the puts and takes to what could -- you have to really ramp sales there in the rest of the year to get to 8% but you still believe that’s doable and why?
Todd Bluedorn: Half of our business is Residential and we may have not seen some great summers in Residential. So we sort of always keep that out there. Residential, new construction picks up, add-on replacement remained solid and we get a hot summer. We can sell lot of air conditioners in one summer and that’s sort of how you think about the peak.
Mark Douglass: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we’ll go to Walter Liptak with Global Hunter Securities. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak: Hi. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Walt.
Walter Liptak: Wanted to ask -- stick with Refrigeration and just the timing, I think -- maybe the Wal-Mart business wasn’t expected to shift much in the first quarter. So, I wonder about the timing for the second and third quarter, is it more back half loaded?
Todd Bluedorn: We have more volumes second half of the year in our Refrigeration business than we do first half of the year and part because of Wal-Mart and also in part because of other customers.
Walter Liptak: Okay. And on that Wal-Mart business are -- your comments earlier kind of suggested that as you ship more volume that’s where you get the leverage and the margin pickup. Is that the mix you were referring to?
Todd Bluedorn: I think where Wal-Mart helps us is sort of the volume in the factory. And we’ll continue to mix up across our Refrigeration business in North America in part because of other customers including Wal-Mart.
Walter Liptak: Okay. All right makes sense. And I wanted to ask about in the resi business. If you could help us refresh and on pricing and the pricing actions that were taken this year and what’d be -- how much is taken?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve called that we are going to get net price this year of $10 million. And we still think that's where we are at. Again we have to get into the summer selling season really to find out more. In January, we had a North America wide price increase of 3% to 5%. And then we had a 5% increase in Canada only in April. And we’ve seen Carrier, Trane, Daikin, Goodman and sort of our other major competitors announce similar pricing both in North America and in Canada. So again it’s early, and we have to get into the major parts of the selling season, but so far so good on price.
Walter Liptak: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks for that color. I wonder about for your ‘13 pricing, I know, it’s early in the season. But did you do anything with price in this year ‘13 product?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean -- I think as we caught out in the Refrigeration -- in our Residential business, price mix was positive for the quarter. I am looking to make sure I am sort of doing it for memory. It was positive for the quarter. And so that’s what we had expected. And I think as I talked about in an earlier call is transition from ‘13 to ‘14, still it’s early but so far so good and things are going as expected. But we'll know more as we get into the throws of the summer selling season.
Walter Liptak: Okay, got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll go to Jim Krapfel with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Jim Krapfel: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So you mentioned the Residential replacement laying up a lot pent-up demand there. Just hoping to get some quantification on how much pent-up demand is there?
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve never shown our own number. I always quote others and several of the sell side analysts have sort of modeled it. And if you look over to four or five year period replacement that was deferred because homeowners didn't want to spend the money on a new piece of equipment and they bandaid it all pieces of equipment. Order of magnitude, people have model sort of a full year, if you will of air conditioning. Volume was taken out of the market over a four or five-year period. And I think we are a couple years since the pent-up demand. And I think there’s another two or three maybe even more years of it left.
Jim Krapfel: Okay. Thank you. That’s all I have.
Operator: Our final question will be from Glenn Wortman with Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Glenn Wortman: Yeah. Good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Glenn.
Glenn Wortman: Just on Refrigeration, I think you said earlier that you are still expecting sales growth for the full year. Just to clarify is that at actual currency and then aside from Wal-Mart, where do you expect the growth is coming from?
Todd Bluedorn: At actual currency, we expect revenue to be up and it's across our North America business, our Asia business and a tough market we expect revenues to be up in Brazil. Europe, we are less optimistic about we sort of think flat to slightly down there.
Glenn Wortman: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Good. Thanks.
Operator: And I’ll turn it back to the presenters for any closing comments.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks. Thank you, Operator. A few points to leave you with. We remain focused on capitalizing on growth in our major end markets, capturing additional market share and driving increased profitability through our operational initiatives. We are well positioned for 2015 and expect another year of record profits with strong cash generation. I want to thank everyone for joining us, and we look forward to the strongest seasonal periods ahead. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman & CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Barry - Susquehanna Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Shannon O'Callaghan - UBS Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Walt Liptak - Global Hunter Keith Hughes - SunTrust Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2014. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site for replay. I’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve good morning, and thank you for joining us. Lennox International’s strong business momentum continued in 2014, with record margin and profit, revenue was up 5% and EBIT margin expanded 70 basis points to a record 10.1%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 18% to $4.38 and GAAP EPS from continuing operations rose 21% to $4.28. Throughout 2014 revenue growth was led by our residential business followed by our commercial business. Both businesses set records for segment margin and profit for the year. And residential revenue was up 11% at constant currency and profit increased 31%, but the replacement and new construction business saw strong growth in 2014 and we capture price and realized improved mix. In Commercial revenue is up 5% in constant currency. Profit was also up 5% in a year of significant investments for future growth including entrance in the VRF market as well as FX headwinds. Commercial growth was led by strength in national account, equipment and service as loss from our continuing expansion in emergency replacement market. In North America, our high single digit shipment growth doubled the pace of the commercial unitary market. North America revenue was up high single-digits for the year at constant currency. In Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down low single-digits to constant currency on soft macro economic conditions and political uncertainty over the course of the year. In Refrigeration, revenue was flat at constant currency for the year. Segment margin and profit were down significantly due to the repeal of the carbon tax in Australia, North America product mix investments for future growth and FX headwinds. Looking at 2015 we continue to expect revenue, margin and profits to be up. The Australia year-over-year negative comparison will be behind us after the first half of the year and we expect the North America super market business to see strong top line growth although offset some by lower mix year-over-year. Turning to the fourth quarter, the company’s momentum continued with the record fourth quarter margin and profit. Revenue was up 10% at constant currency and EBIT margin expanded 120 basis points to 9.4%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $1.02 up 32% and GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $1 up 47%. In Residential, revenue was up 14% at constant currency and profit rose 57% from the prior year quarter. Trends remained strong in both replacement and new construction business with a double digit revenue growth in both businesses. Pre-buy of 13 SEER products by independent distributors was minimal adding under two points to Residential growth in the quarter. We believe the pre-buy impact was more pronounced the companies that use independent distribution to a greater extent than we do. For commercial in the fourth quarter revenue was up 8% at constant currency. North America commercial equipment and service revenue was up low double digits. We realized double digit growth in both plant replacement and emergency replacement business. Commercial new constructions are low single digits. Lennox continued to win in the market place with four new national account wins in the quarter to a total of 29 for the full year matching our best year ever. In Europe, revenue was up low single digits to constant currency from the fourth quarter a year ago. Commercial segment probably was flat in the quarter due to customer mix, foreign exchange and VRF investments. In refrigeration, revenue was up 8% at constant currency in the fourth quarter, driven by improved North America super market business. From a regional perspective at constant currency, North America was up high teens, China was up low double digits, South America was up mid single digits and Europe and Australia were down low single digits. As expected, profit was down significantly year-over-year due to the repeal of the carbon tax in Australia, North America product mix and FX. At the investment community meeting in mid-December I mentioned several of the company’s strategic initiatives that we are excited about. In Residential, we had expanded our manufacturing facility in Mexico and transferred certain furnace production there from the U.S. as well as insource sheet metal fabrication as part of our Mexico operations. Production began ramping up in the second half of 2014 and we expect 4 million of savings from this in 2015. We expect the incremental 11 million of savings in 2016. In our Residential distribution expansion we are targeting 25 additional parts plus stores in 2015 to exit the year at 186. Our target for 2017 has had atleast 250 stores. In our commercial distribution expansion we ended 2014 with 40 commercial, regional and local distribution centers as planned and we expect to add another 7 commercial distribution centers in 2015 and additionally we continue to add to the number of Lennox’s part plus stores that carry commercial products. We ended 2014 with the ability to serve 75% of North America commercial market on the same day basis as planned and we are targeting 85% by the end of 2015 in support our emergency replacement market initiative where we have been seeing double-digit growth. At the December investor community meeting I also highlighted our entrance in for the VRF market in North America in the second half of 2014. We’ve assembled a great team with years of experience in VRF to provide leading products with the best sales, service and technical support in North America. We have three VRF training academies open to support our contract with customers in key regions and plan to open two more by the end of the second quarter, it is early but we are making good progress realizing [ph] sales and our VRF pipeline and backlog continued to grow. Our target is $100 million in VRF sales by 2018. 2014 was the year of strong growth in record profitability for Lennox and we expect more of the same in 2015, with strong cash generation for investments to drive growth as well as returning cash to shareholders. Now, I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier : Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I will provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and the full year starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $404 million, which was up 13%. Volume was up 10% and price and mix combined was up 4%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue. Residential profit in the fourth quarter was a fourth quarter record of $57 million up 57% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a fourth quarter record 14.1%, which was up 390 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favourable price mix and lower material costs and reduced product warranty costs. Partial offsets in the fourth quarter included unfavourable foreign exchange, higher SG&A and strategic investments and distribution expansion. For the full year, residential segment revenue was $1.7 billion which was up 10%, volume was up 9% and pricing mix combined was up 2%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue and segment profit was a record $236 million which was up 31%. Segment profit margin was a record 13.6%, up 220 basis points. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business, in the fourth quarter, Commercial revenue was $223 million, up 5%. Volume was up 8%, and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Foreign exchange had a negative 3% impact on revenue. North American Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up high single-digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down high single-digits including negative foreign exchange impact although up at constant currency as Todd mentioned. Commercial segment profit in the fourth quarter was $33 million, which was flat with the prior year fourth quarter. Segment profit margin was 14.6%, down 110 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by unfavourable mix, unfavourable foreign exchange and our strategic investments to under the VRF market as well as continued distribution expansion. Partial offsets included higher volume, favourable price and lower material cost. For the full year, commercial revenue was a record $879 million which was up 4%. Volume was up 5% and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Foreign exchange had a negative 1% impact on revenue; segment profit was a record $124 million which was up 5%. Segment profit margin was a record 14.1% which was up 10 basis points. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the fourth quarter was $186 million, up 4%. Volume was up 11% and price and mix combined was down 3% on revenue. Foreign exchange had a negative 4% impact on revenue. From a regional perspective Todd addressed revenue growth in constant currency. On a reported basis, North America was up high teens, Asia was up low double digits and South America, Europe and Australia were down high single-digits. Segment profit was $30 million, down 45% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 7%, down 630 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by lower mix, the repeal of the carbon tax in Australian, unfavourable foreign exchange and investments for future growth. Partial offsets included higher volume, favourable price and lower material cost. For the full year refrigeration revenue was $752 million down 2%, volume was up 1% and price and mix combined was down 1% on a revenue basis and foreign exchange had a negative 2% impact. Segment profit was $55 million, down 39%. Segment profit margin was 7.4%, which was down 430 basis points. Regarding special items in the fourth quarter, the company had after-tax charges of $800,000 which were net and for the full year Lennox had after tax special charges of $5 million net which included about $1.8 million restructuring activities. Corporate expenses were $26 million in the fourth quarter, down from $32 million in the prior year quarter and for the full year corporate expenses were $74 million down from $88 million in the prior year primarily from lower incentive compensation than a year ago. Overall SG&A was $148 million in the fourth quarter, up slightly from the $146 million in the prior year quarter and for 2014 SG&A was $574 million up less than 1%. Cash from operations was $185 million for the full year compared to $210 million in the prior year. As previously announced for the fourth quarter we strategically build inventory to support customers in the minimum efficiency regulatory transition that took effect at the start of -- that will take effect for the start of 2015 for air conditioners in the south and southwest regions of United States and for heat pumps nationally. The special inventory build amounted to $77 million. Capital spending was $88 million in 2014 up from $78 million in 2013 as we completed the expansion in Mexico with our second plant and began ramping up production mid-year. Including $1 million for the disposal of PP&E, free cash flow was $98 [ph] million for the full year compared to $134 million in the prior year. Looking at liquidity, cash and cash equivalents were $38 million at the end of December. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.3, ending the year this is higher than our typical target of one to two times debt-to-EBITDA and that was due to the accelerated share repurchase program but we expect to be back down in that range as we progress through 2015. In total, debt was $926 million at the end of the year. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2015. One month into the year, our underlying market assumptions for 2015 remain the same as we discussed at the investment community meeting in mid-December. For the industry overall, we expect North America and Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits. We expect North American commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect North American refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits for the industry. Based on these market shipment assumptions and our targets for market share gains, guidance for our revenue growth remains 4% to 8% for 2015 at constant currency. However, we now expect a negative 3% impact from foreign exchange for the full year for revenue growth guidance of 1% to 5% at actual currency. Foreign exchange and commodities have been moving quite a bit, foreign exchange unfavourable and commodities favourably, but the bottom line is our guidance for EPS from continuing operations for the full year remains between $5.20 to $5.60. Let me run through some of the key points of our guidance assumptions and the puts and takes for 2015. First, the guidance points that have changed since mid-December. We now expect foreign exchange to have a $20 million negative impact on earnings, an increase from our prior guidance of $5 million of a negative impact. Most of this headwind is coming from the Canadian dollar with some coming from the Australian dollar. We have a strong position in Canada which was 7% of the company's revenue last year. The guidance for $20 million of the headwind from foreign exchange assumes we are able to get some additional price in Canada to mitigate the effects of the stronger U.S. dollar. We are working to capture additional price in Canada now. On the commodities front, we now see a $15 million benefit of earnings up from our prior guidance of $5 million. This includes the benefits we expected to see in 2015 from lower metal prices. Copper, steel and aluminum, brass as well as lower fuel cost. To review our guidance points that remain the same, we still target $35 million of savings from our sourcing and engineering lead cost reduction programs. We continue to expect $10 million from incremental price for the full year and this is separate from the price we plan to capture to mitigate the negative foreign exchange. We expect to see about $4 million of incremental savings this year from our second plant in Mexico that begin ramping up in the second half of 2014. And we continue to assume residential mix is flat for 2015. Headwinds for 2015 that have not changed from our prior guidance include, $8 million from the repeal of the carbon tax levy in Australia with most of this negative impact hitting us in the first quarter of 2015. $3 million is expected from VRF and ongoing investments for the expansion of our residential and commercial distribution network across North America. A few other guidance points that remain unchanged, corporate expenses are expected to be approximately $75 million up slightly from 2014. We still expect net interest expense for the full year of about $25 million. Our effective tax rate guidance remains 34% to 35% on a full year basis. We continue to expect the weighted average diluted share account for the full year to be approximately $45 million shares. And the accelerated share repurchase program is expected to be fully completed in the second half of 2015. Capital expenditures are expected to be $85 million for the year and we are still targeting free cash flow of about $265 million for 2015. And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will begin with the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff. Having trouble hearing you Jeff, can you - I don’t know I think it's on your end, operator, can you hear him?
Operator: I cannot hear him either. Jeff, your line is open.
Jeff Hammond: So on the FX it just seems like a high margin applied to the FX had something in it, and that would drive that?
Todd Bluedorn: The impact that we're seeing on FX has to do primarily with Canada and Australia. We saw a negative FX impact to EBIT of approximately $5 million in fourth quarter and as Joe talked about, we are now expecting $20 million in 2015. And that assumes we get some price in Canada. And obviously with the issues in Canada we're producing a product in the U.S. and U.S. dollars, then we’re selling it in Canada at Canadian dollars since Canadian dollars weakens then we get less pack. And Canada is one of our obviously largest furnace markets, we make very nice margins there and so when we have this weakness it impacts us. As Joe talked about in the call, it's meaningful to us. We do about 7% of our revenue last year in Canada and so it's an important market for us.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then on Refrigeration the growth in the quarter is that U.S. grocery - and how sustainable is that?
Todd Bluedorn: The major driver of the growth was U.S. grocery and we think it’s sustainable as we go into 2015 although more second half for the year than first half of the year but up full year significantly year-over-year. But as we've talked about multiple times that will be offset and we’ll have headwinds both from Australia on the carbon tax change and we’ll also have headwinds in North America from North American grocery mix.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks guys.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa: Hello, can you hear me?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I can.
Steve Tusa: Hey sorry about that. Well some weather issues here, working from home. So, just on the Resi stuff, how much pre-build benefit your margin in the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: No, we think from absorption of pre-build, it was a $0.02 in the quarter.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And is something - I guess the $77 million in inventory kind of gets you to - the industry has been talking about a million one of pre-build, so you know just kind of apply your market share to that, that's kind of the right unit number?
John Torres: To answer you Steve we haven't back, we done the math on that. But let us take it offline, we’ll do the math and see if that sort of gets us close.
Steve Tusa: Okay. And as far as the view of next year, what should be on - you said flat mix in Resi next year. So does that basically mean that you’re going to have enough 13 SEER to kind of get these guys through most of the season next year?
John Torres: Our expectation on 2015 is -- look a lot like 2014 where we and the industry will have 13 SEER to get through the summer selling season. And from your comment about 1.1 million units and - our sense of what others are doing in the industry, people are doing what we did which is there is a lot of 13 SEER pre-build and we’ll be able to have a normal transaction as we go into 2016.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. And then one last question just on the underlying tone of the commercial market, you guys have a lot of stuff going on that's specific to you and you're executing extremely well there. What's your sense of the underlying trend in your commercial business heading into next year? Do you feel better, worse or the same as you did a few months ago?
Todd Bluedorn: We feel the same. What we called at on December was - low single-digits for the commercial market and that still feels about right. I mean Christmas season was okay, not great. I continue to be convinced that low fuel cost is good for the American consumer even though we haven't quite seen all that playout yet. And so I think that will help us too. So yeah, we're about the same as we were in December.
Steve Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator: All right. Next we'll go to the line of Jeff Sprague with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague: Thank you. Good morning, John. Just a couple questions back at the cost structure. Could you update us on where you're at on copper and aluminum, the size of your buy and how you're hedged for the year? You gave us the benefit obviously in dollars that you're expecting, but how does that really play through? I assume you're partially hedged for the year?
John Torres: As we entered the year we’re probably 70% or so hedged in copper and aluminum. We don’t hedge steel. So we’ve locked in our corporate pricing at this point, we do have some exposed to the market. But as things move, we'll benefit from that. We’ve factored all that in our guidance.
Jeff Sprague: Can you drive any color on millions of pounds, the size you buy or anything?
John Torres: We've talked about the number of pounds by historically.
Todd Bluedorn: Order of magnitude we do 35 million or so pounds of copper. And order of magnitude 45 million or so pounds of aluminum and that's based on 2014.
Jeff Sprague: And then just back to the refrigeration on grocery, where are you seeing that strength? Is it - it sounds like - could be fairly broad based, but is there anything that stands out regionally or kind of large players versus medium size any of the color you could add there?
Todd Bluedorn: What we've been talking about Jeff, in our North America grocery businesses as we need to diversify and have a broader portfolio of customers and we’ve been focused on doing that. But its also driven by a couple of large customers who we won last year and one of them in Arkansas and that sort of helping us as we go into 2015.
Jeff Sprague: Right. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: All right. Next we’ll go to line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Rich.
Rich Kwas: Just a follow-up on the Refrigeration, so I think, Todd back in December you talked about modest margin expansion for the full year? Can you just remind us on the cadence of that as we think about first part of the year versus second half of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re going to see all the margin expansion in the second half of the year, Rich. So first half of the year we’re going have – still have significant headwind from Australia, and the majority of that will be in first quarter, but some of them will be in second quarter. We also won’t see the benefits or the full benefits of some the fixes we’ve done in our North America business, and revenue ramp up in the North America grocery segment, although up this quarter and will be up first half, we’ll have even more benefit second half. So, we still have another two quarters of margin deterioration in refrigeration on a year-over-year basis than second half of the year when we start to see the pickup.
Rich Kwas: The Cadence of the Arkansas customer, is that player out as expected here?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, so far.
Rich Kwas: Thanks. And then on FX are you benchmarking where we are just now here in the last few days in terms of euro C dollar etcetera?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, the foreign exchange rates that we use are the current spot rates, so that’s what we’re using our forecast and our guidance.
Rich Kwas: Okay. And then Todd, what’s – I know, first quarter is really not all of that important, but just early read on furnace season and what’s you’re seeing in terms of underlying demand trends?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We’re seeing solid business trends continue in Resi and Commercial. Orders are solid. We are in good momentum. But especially in Resi half the quarter is the month of March so that’s still in front of us. In refrigeration sort of as we talked about supermarket business will continue to grow on the top line, but we’ll have some headwinds in Australia in mix, but we would hope we would be at the end of January for first quarter.
Rich Kwas: Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we’ll go to the line of Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry: So I just wanted to clarify, it sounds like what’s changed the guidance is a net negative of $5 million at the EBIT line, is that right, currency and commodities?
Joe Reitmeier: Correct.
Robert Barry: And is that $20 million FX headwind going to be felt mostly in the Refrigeration business? Or have it would apportion it?
Todd Bluedorn: I really proposition it to the Resi and Commercial. I mean, so the biggest impact to us is in where you’re seeing another multinationals where it’s the euro. Where we’re having the biggest impact is in the Canadian dollar and our sales of Residential and Commercial in the Canada from our U.S. factories to a lesser its Refrigeration in Australia and then to a lesser degree Europe.
Robert Barry: Go you. And the degree shifting Commercial on Refrigeration margins saw I think flat in Commercial, down a lot in Refrigeration. Are those tracking to your plan?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. What we saw in commercial was as you suggested essential flat and dollars down a little bit in margin. And that was from FX headwind in the quarter – in fourth quarter, investments we’re making in VRF and we also just have some customer mix issues. We added higher volume of lower profitable customers and sometimes we have that, it sort of a lumpy business. But underlying the profitability, margin expansion in Commercial we had a record year and as we go in the 2015, its all lined up to have another record year. In Refrigeration its more complicated, it sort of when I’ve talked about over and over that we have the Australia headwind, we had North America mix and as I answered earlier on the call, I think with Rich, its prior going to be second half of the year before we start to see margins pickup in Refrigeration.
Robert Barry: Fair enough. But it sounds like the scale of the pressures in 4Q were kind of been line with your plan when you gave the outlook in December?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I’ll answer directly. No surprises for us. It’s as we expect to maybe even a hair better in Commercial.
Robert Barry: Okay. And then, I apologize if you touched on this in the prepared remarks, I jumped on a little late. But at the Analyst Day in mid December I remember you joking about people at football games and short sleeves, which didn’t bode for the Resi business. Yet it seems to have pulled through pretty strongly despite the headwinds you were mentioning in Canada both on the revenue and the margin. So, any incremental color there and is this tracking ahead of your plan in December or is also in line?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, we had a good December in Resi. We were up maybe what you miss was, we were up 14%. We said two points of that was pre-buy with our Allied brands [ph] in independent distribution. So two points of the 2014 were pre-buy, but 12 points was just sort of underlying growth in the business. We continue to have momentum. I think we’re gaining share as we have over the last couple of years. And I think we saw that in fourth quarter.
Robert Barry: Yes. I mean the margin was almost what it was in third quarter which is the seasonally strong quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we did well.
Robert Barry: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: Residential business did well.
Robert Barry: And is that also kind of in line with your expectation or is that ahead of the plan?
Todd Bluedorn: The margins were as we hope that would be. That wasn’t a big surprise. I think we got a couple of points in revenue more than what we were talking about in December, and I think that’s we’re little higher in the range than what we thought we might have been on the December call.
Robert Barry: Okay. Thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: All right. And next we’ll go to the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Hi, good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski: So I guess, the first question on the price cost dynamic, should we expect that layer in more second half and first half and then thinking back to first quarter of last year where it was more investment heavy. Should we think of more pronounced weakness in early margin than strengthening through the year?
Todd Bluedorn: On the material cost side we always tend to have more second half of the year than the first of the year and I think that will continue to be the case. Same with price, you set price early in the year and then as volume comes in to the business we able to get price in the sort of the peak season second and third quarter. So, we’ll see less price in first quarter, less material cost reduction in first quarter, we’ll see it more as we get into the middle of the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Should we think of the investment spending being more first quarter directed on top of that?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think what happens is on the distribution side, we make the investments and sort of see the payback so we get into the volume part of the year, which is mid year. I think something VRF I think it’s equitable throughout the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. And then, the numbers you gave on price cost, I want to say, is it $10 million versus were you were before if I wrote that down correctly?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me do the math as I think that yes, so commodities are $10 million better than what we thought, prices the same. And then FX is $50 million worst than what we saw.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. So on the price cost side or on the material equation is that at current spot prices is that – I guess where is the float or you guys assuming that numbers move around at all between now and 4Q or 3Q when you not hedged?
Todd Bluedorn: I think its based on Joe said, where mathematically what we do is we have – we know what are hedges are, right, so that order of magnitude 70% of copper and aluminum hedged. We know what that is. And then we take a futures of what it would be in the out periods and that what we use to sort of calculate the math.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. And then, just one last cleanup, ending share count for the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I’ll look around the room. People are whispering to me, 46. So I’ll say 46 plus someone corrects me, 46.2.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Oh, I thought that was average. Is that? We can follow-up…?
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Let’s follow-up, just make sure we give you the right number.
Josh Pokrzywinski: All right. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Thanks.
Operator: All right. Next we’ll move to the line of Julian Mitchell with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell: Hi. Thank you. Just the question on the margin profile, last you obviously had a very good EBIT margin expansion firmwide. All of it really coming leverage around SG&A with gross margins being sort of flattish. I just wondered when you look at this year, all the moving parts around price mix and so forth. You think it will be the same trend again, or seeing our gross margin can start to move up?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I mean, I guess sort of underneath the hood, I would have categorized 2014 a little different than just SG&A leverage. I’d say the gross margin level, there were conflicting forces. We did another great job of material cost reduction and a nice job in price. And then we had extreme headwinds in Australia that sort of flew into gross margins. And we also had negative mix North America grocery that’s flowed in the gross margin. So, I think 2015 will look a lot like 2014, where we’ll have nice material cost reduction, decent price. Now we’re signaling material amount of lower commodities, volume on the high end to get SG&A leverage, but we’ll still have some Australia a negative mix that offsets that North America grocery.
Julian Mitchell: Got it. Thanks. And then on Australia, I understand the currency moves and so on. But just how you’re feeling about the organic outlook there, because I guess we heard from some other buildings, products companies like Tyco last week that Australia organic is looking worst for them again having seem to stabilized four or five months ago, just what you are seeing there?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re seeing some pressure on Australia business and we’re obviously tied to the weather. We’re having a decent summer there right now. But when I think about Australia, it’s more of the pressure that we’re seeing on the year-over-year comp on the carbon tax in the underlying organic markets. We think our sort of revenue; organic revenue will be fine in Australia market.
Julian Mitchell: Thanks. And then lastly on the capital allocation, you have the $450 million cash out for buyback in Q4. You talked about leverage coming down steadily through the year. So should we expect to be very quiet on capital allocation or maybe the year end?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, I think I would give the $450 share buyback that we announced I guess in December, our third quarter call, when we announced the $450 million share buyback. In my mind that would view that as our share buyback in 2015 and then we will get to the end of the year and we delever, we’ll sort of revisit the subject.
Julian Mitchell: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go line of Shannon O'Callaghan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Shannon.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Hey, just on little bit more on this fourth quarter Residential margin, even if you take out what seems like a fairly modest benefits of pre-build, that’s some pretty strong year-over-year margin expansion for us all to assume, continues at that run rate, is there – as you think through 2015, does the mix benefit is through the year is sort of 2014 SEER becomes the new bottom or there are other things that would cost that kind of conversion rate to moderate?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we’re going to have – we’ve signed up for another nice year in Residential next year its half our business that’s implied in our guidance. Also when you look at our three-year targets for Residential, we’ve set some healthy targets there. And so, I think it implies that we need to continue to do the things we’ve done in fourth quarter more broadly speaking that we’ve done during all 2014 to drive margins in our Residential business, investment we’re making in distribution, in products and our ability to support our dealer network I think it’s paying off and I think we’re getting paid for.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. And then in terms of the share gains was there any sort of difference in terms of SHEER level or geography or anything in terms of those share gains where you think you’re having the most success or what help drive such a strong finish to the year?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I think geographically where you see is we’re putting in PartsPlus stores. I think it’s clearly tied to the strategy that we put in place to go to the market. I also think we’re seeing nice mix up on the equipment side. So we tend to win where we make our investments whether it’s a product innovation or distribution, that’s where we tend to ensure.
Shannon O'Callaghan: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next we’ll move to line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass: Hi, good morning, gentlemen.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglass: On Canada given that a lot of competitors also import into Canada. I would think you should be able to get lot of pricing you want. But what about the Canadian consumer with oil prices down, I mean, I would think that are you facing a volume headwind in Canada as well that you anticipate and put it in to your guidance?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, everything is in the guidance. So there’s parts of Canada obviously Calgary for example where you have the headwind from the drop in the oil and gas industry, but obviously there’s large loss of Canada both in the East and on the far West that aren’t impacted by that. So the point around price, we’re focused on getting additional price in Canada to review what we’ve done so far back in January of 2014. So year ago, we had a North America wide price increase of 3% to 5% that included Canada. In April 2014, so April last year we had a 5% increase in Canada only in effective March 1 of 2015, so coming up here we’ve already announced an additional 6% Canadian price only – Canadian only price increase. So, we’re trying to be aggressive in the market to your point sort of balancing what’s happening with the consumer. Carrier, Trane, Daikin, Goodman have all announced Canadian specific price increases effective early 2015. So again, we’re – as you suggested we’re focused on trying to offset the FX impact by getting price in Canada.
Mark Douglass: Great. And then looking at U.S. Residential, you’d say, you’re thinking Resi mix flat, but it seems that there has been a mix up even outside of the regulations. Are you thinking there’s going some mix just not material in 2015 or is that just upside?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I think the answer is it could probably be upside. When we gave that guidance in December I think I put words around that of – there’s a lot of moving pieces in 2015 with the regulatory change. And we have a pretty good view. And so far it’s playing out like we had hope which is there’s enough 13 SEER that at the bottom and stays 13 SEER, we’re able to get price on 14 SEER, so the mix looks the same. But there are some scenarios where all that doesn’t happen and so we thought it was prudent to sort of guide to no mix up and therefore able to do better than that’s upside to the numbers.
Mark Douglass: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: All right. And next we’ll go to the line of Walt Liptak with Global Hunter. Please go ahead.
Walt Liptak: Hi, thanks, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Walt Liptak: I wonder follow-up on the market share discussion, I wonder if you been able to quantify the 2014 share gains in percentage and it’s been – you’ve been gaining share with PartsPlus and products for a couple of years now, is there a point in which we start to see which share gains decelerating?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, I think we continue – you know this is an industry where if you gain half a point of market share, here you’re doing very well. And if you do it with systemic changes like building out distribution and innovating in product and focusing on taking Carrier dealers with innovation and investments. I think its share that you continue to grow. And so, as we’ve talk about in our PartsPlus we’re not reaching, diminishing returns yet, we’re still putting these stores in and still wining where we put them in and we’re winning with our product innovation. We have another great suite of new products that we’re launching in first quarter. So yeah, I think our momentum in the marketplace continues in Resi.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Great. And just wondered by your thoughts on the $77 million inventory build, I think you’ve got 18 months to liquidate that. Is there any change on timing on and when that converts to cash? Are you seeing anything early in the year – I’m sure it’s already too early, but any early thoughts on the cash conversion?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Short answer is it’s early. I mean the guidance we gave in December of cash conversion or cash generation for 2015 we still think it’s the right number. We just got to place at through. And again as we talked about the pre-build in effect was taking a spike in production that you would typically have in first quarter and move it into fourth quarter of prior year which is what we done. Also it’s not lettuce, it’s not going to go bad, the product that we build we can sell in the north if we need to. So short answers, we build it, we have it and we have 18 months to sell it in the south and we need to sell in the north we will.
Walt Liptak: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: All right. The next we will go to line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes: Thank you. Just you have listed in the press release and on the prepared statement some of the problems you had in Refrigeration in the quarter. Can you put those in just a list of the biggest impacts, margin [indiscernible]?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, I think, carbon tax in Australia was the biggest issue. The mix in North America was a close second and then third was FX and sort of all low to mid single millions of EBIT impact.
Keith Hughes: The mix issue once you anniversary the – you mentioned the large customer earlier. Once you anniversary that, is that start to move back in the direction.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, we'll better state it. Once we get the full volume with them, then it starts to be grandfathered or laughed, but as I talked about we are sort of ramping up that volume through 2015, so we’ll be winding about mix headwind in North America as we go into 2016 Australia goes away first half of the year and we’ll also have some nice volume tailwind in North America as well as operational improvements around the enterprise, so second half of the year we’ll see margin improvement although we’ll still have mix headwind.
Keith Hughes: 2016 is the year when we should really succeed the benefits, correct?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Keith Hughes: Thank you very much.
Operator: Okay, and next we’ll move onto Glenn Wortman with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Glenn Wortman: Good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Glenn.
Glenn Wortman: How much is left on the share repurchase program, it looks like most if not all that was completed in the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, the way the program worked was you know we delivered $450 million in cash in the fourth quarter, 70% of the shares were delivered in the fourth quarter and then we have 30% that were completed in the second half of 2015.
Glenn Wortman: Okay, that’s all I had. Thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, great. I want to thank everyone for the time and for the questions. A few points I want to leave everyone with. We are well positioned and expect another record year in 2015 with EPS from continuing operations in the $5.20 to $5.60. We remain focussed on capitalizing on growth in our major end markets capturing additional market share and driving increased profitability through our operational initiatives in 2015. Thank you for joining us today and we look forward to the year ahead. Thank you, operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-20 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman & CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO
Analysts: Robert Barry - Susquehanna Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Keith Hughes - SunTrust Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research Mark Douglass - Longbow Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Glenn Wortman - Sidoti Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2014. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our Web site at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. We would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would also like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Community Meeting. It will be the morning of Wednesday, December 17th in New York City. Please mark your calendars, invitations and more details will follow. The event will also be webcast. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn:  Good morning, and thank you for joining us. In the third quarter, Lennox International grew revenue 4% at constant currency. EBIT margin expanded 40 basis points to a third quarter record of 12.3% and also matched the all-time record level set in the second quarter of this year. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations was up 11% to a third quarter record of a $1.44. The company's performance in the third quarter continued to be led by our Residential business. Residential revenue was up 7% at constant currency and profit rose 22%. Our Residential business set third quarter records for margin at 15% and profit at 69 million. Revenue from both replacement and new construction business was up high single-digits from the prior year quarter. We continue to see a higher SEER mix in the quarter, with 14 SEER and above products comprising 41% of cooling product shipments, up three points from the prior year quarter. Our 22 products were 10% of cooling product shipments, down one point from the prior year quarter. In Commercial, revenue was up 1% at constant currency and profit rose 8%. Our Commercial business set records for segment margin at 17.5% and profit of 42 million. Looking at our North America commercial equipment business, our momentum continued in the emergency replacement market with high single-digit revenue growth, despite a cooler summer than last year. Planned replacement revenue was down low single-digits on the timing of certain national account business shifting from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. Commercial new construction revenue is flat from the prior year quarter. We won four new national account customers in the third quarter to total 25 wins year-to-date. In Europe, commercial HVAC revenue was down low single-digits at constant currency, with the uncertainty of political environment in Eastern Europe, as well as softer market conditions for Europe in general. International account service business revenue was up high single-digits as we continue to leverage our commercial national account relationships. In Refrigeration, revenue was down 1% at constant currency, and profit was down 31% from the third quarter a year ago. Looking at revenue of constant currency by region, Asia was up 20%, North and South America were flat, Europe was down low single-digits, and Australia was down mid single-digits. In North America, we continue to expect improved growth from national accounts supermarket business in the fourth quarter and then on into 2015. As expected in Australia, general economic conditions remain soft, our profitability was down following the July repeal of the carbon tax in that country that negatively impacted our wholesale refrigerant business. To update you on our strategic initiatives, in Residential, I previously mentioned that we were transferring certain furnace production from United States to Mexico, we are also in-sourcing sheet metal fabrication as part of our Mexican operations. Our second factory in Saltillo began shipping units early in the third quarter, and production is going well to support the heating season. By 2016, we expect [$15] [ph] million in annualized savings from this initiative. In our Residential distribution expansion initiative, we opened four new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the third quarter to bring our total stores to 154. With 19 new stores opened this year through September, we are on track with our target to open 25 new locations and exit the year at 160 stores. In our Commercial distribution expansion, we opened three new local distribution centers in the third quarter to bring the total of dedicated commercial locations to 36. In addition, commercial products to support the emergency replacement markets are positioned at select Lennox PartsPlus store locations. To update you on VRF, we entered the market in North America early in third quarter as planned. Our partnership with Midea is going well as we launched Lennox branded VRF products through Lennox company-owned distribution. We've won our first business in VRF on the path to our target of $100 million of revenue by 2018. VRF market is more than $500 million today in North America, and it's been growing 30% annually. Last point before I turn it over to Joe is to update you on our stock repurchase plans. We've bought back a total of 100 million of stock in the second and third quarters this year. With our solid balance sheet and a view on the company's strong market position and prospects, we're announcing today plans for a new 450 million accelerated share repurchase program starting in October. This amount includes the 50 million we previously were planning to purchase in fourth quarter plus another 400 million, now all rolled into a new ASR. To update you on where we stand with our stock repurchase authorizations, we had a 146 million remaining at the end of third quarter under existing authorizations, and the Board of Directors recently authorized $700 million more for a total of 846 million. After the ASR we announced starting in October, we'll have a little less than 400 million, 396 million in remaining -- under the current authorization. We believe stock repurchases to be an efficient way to return cash to shareholders as we drive the operational performance of the business and focus on creating total shareholder value over the long-term. I'll now turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I will provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $463 million, which was up 7%. Currency was neutral. Volume was up 6%. Price and mix combined was up 1%. Residential profit in the third quarter was a third quarter record of $69 million, which was up 22% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a third quarter record 15%, up 190 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price mix and lower material costs with partial offsets from higher SG&A and investments in distribution expansion. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business, in the third quarter, Commercial revenue was $242 million, up 1%. Currency was neutral. Volume was up 1%, and price and mix combined was flat. North American Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up low single-digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down low single-digits. Commercial segment profit in the third quarter was a record $42 million, which was up 8% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a record 17.5%, up 110 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price mix and lower material costs with partial offsets from investments for future growth. In the Refrigeration segment, revenue in the third quarter was $194 million, which was flat with the prior year quarter. Currency had a negative one point impact. Volume was flat. Price and mix combined was down one point, and -- excuse me, with the price up and mix down. Todd mentioned the revenue change by region at constant currency. At actual currency, Asia was up 20%, South America was up low single-digits, North America was flat, Europe was down low single-digits, and Australia was down mid single-digits. Segment profit was $17 million, down 31% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 8.5%, down 380 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by unfavorable mix in our North American supermarket business and Australian refrigerant profitability with the partial offset for the segment from favorable price. Looking at special items in the third quarter, the company had total after-tax charges of $2.8 million. This includes $800,000 for restructuring activities, and $800,000 for special inventory write-downs related to our regulatory changes in Australia. Corporate expense was $18 million in the third quarter, up from $17 million in the third quarter a year ago. Overall SG&A was $141 million in the third quarter, up 3% from the prior year quarter. Cash from operations was $97 million in the third quarter, down from $153 million in the prior year quarter as we began to build 13 SEER inventory to support our customers ahead of the regional standards transition. We expect this inventory build will have a minimal benefit to earnings of a couple of cents in the fourth quarter, which is incorporated into our guidance. Capital spending in the third quarter was $19 million, up from $18 million in the third quarter a year ago. Free cash flow was $78 million compared to $136 million in the prior year quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $48 million at the end of September. Total debt was $596 million at the end of the quarter. And our debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.5, ending the quarter within our general target range of one to two times. With the $450 million accelerated share repurchase program, we announced that will start this month, we expect to be higher than this range exiting 2014, and then back within the one to two times debt to EBITDA range in 2015. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I will review our outlook for 2014. Following the cooler summer weather that was a headwind to the industry shipments in North America, we now expect Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid single-digits for the industry versus our prior assumption of high single-digit growth. For North America commercial unitary shipments, we now expect the industry to be up mid single-digits from our prior guidance of low single-digits. And we continue to expect refrigeration shipments to be flat globally for the industry in 2014. Based on the company's performance year-to-date and current outlook, we are reiterating a revenue growth guidance of 5% to 7% for the year. We still expect foreign exchange to have approximately one point negative impact. And now looking at our other guidance points for 2014, we still expect $30 million from our savings from outsourcing and engineering led cost reduction programs for the full year. We still expect $10 million from favorable price in 2014, and commodities are expected to be a $5 million benefit in 2014 versus our prior guidance of that being flat. We now expect $5 million of favorable mix in Residential in 2014 due to the customer mix versus our prior guidance, up $10 million. Among the headwinds for the year, we still expect a negative $10 million impact from foreign exchange that will not be offset by price in 2014. In our Australia business, we still expect a negative $10 million impact in the second half versus the prior year period with a repeal of the carbon tax in that country, including about $7 million in the fourth quarter. Corporate expense is still expected to be approximately $70 million for this year, down $18 million from 2013. And a few more final guidance points; we still expect net interest expense for the year of about $15 million. Our effective tax rate is still expected to be between 34% and 35% on a full year basis. We continue to expect capital expenditures of $90 million. And looking at our weighted average diluted share count for 2014, we still expect to be approximately 49 million shares on a full year basis. And finally for 2014, we are reiterating our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $4.30 to $4.50 per share. A couple of points at this time on 2015; with the impact to the accelerated share purchase program, we expect our weighted average diluted share count to be approximately 45 million shares on a full year basis for 2015. We expect interest expense to be approximately $25 million in 2015, up from $10 million in 2014. As is our practice, we will discuss and give the other guidance points for next year at our Annual Investment Community Meeting in December, as Steve mentioned. Now with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you very much. (Operator Instructions) First in queue is Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Hi, guys, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Robert. Good morning.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Congrats on the solid quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Just, if you could maybe share a little bit more detail about the ASR, when you expect it to be completed, the financing, and it sounds like maybe it's adding a couple of cents to earnings this year.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Let me ramble, make sure I get all the points and if I don't, re-ask the specific points I didn't get. We think it will add a couple of cents in fourth quarter. We're going to initiate it in October, the way the deal is structured, about 70% of the shares will get immediately and then 30% when it's completed. Given our trading volume and our flow, it will be sometime in the second half of 2015 before the program is completed.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Okay, perfect. That's helpful. And then maybe just digging into Commercial a little bit, given the profitability there were so strong, just maybe you can unpack that a little bit, the drivers and the sustainability of it, especially some of the business that sounds like got shifted roles on. Is that mix positive, or any additional color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: No, I think it just reflects the continuing strong performance of our commercial business. With strong material cost reduction, strong factory productivity, we continue to get positive mix and price in the business. And the business has been pushed out as you can take from our call is some national account business. And it's no less profitable than the business that we had in third quarter. So, that won't be dilutive. And we think we'll have a stronger top line in fourth quarter. When we look at the order rates, the momentum in that business continues, so just some things got pushed out from third quarter to fourth quarter.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: And you feel good about the visibility that it will actually come in 4Q or is there some risk that given the macro, it keeps getting pushed right?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. The short answer is yes, there is always risk and they can push things out, especially some of our big customers. But I think even with all that, we're optimistic for what fourth quarter is going look like, we think the momentum -- the underlying momentum continues.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: But all that being said, there is enough uncertainty that who knows in the long-term, but we feel pretty good about fourth quarter right now.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: And then just finally, it sounds like you mentioned a couple of cents of benefit from the regional efficiency standard change in 4Q. Is that all about volume in the Allied brands?
Todd Bluedorn: No. It's really driven by -- as we pre-build the inventory, and I won't get into the technicalities of our accounting, but given that we use LIFO accounting, we'll have a little bit of benefit for absorption for the quarter. And so, there will be a few cents of absorption benefit in fourth quarter. But the majority of absorption benefit and the full margin will see when we sell the product in 2015. But that's where that few cents is from.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Yes. Is there an expectation that the Allied brand portion of the business, I know it's only about 20% and only about 60% of that is impacted, but it seems like that 12% could be up quite meaningfully?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we'll have some benefit. But I'll be honest with you Robert, and I assume our competitors are finding the same thing to get the inventory levels that we think we need even for independent, we're going to end up carrying some of it and then selling it to them during the year.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Yes. Okay, thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question in queue will come from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc: Hey, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Joe Reitmeier: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc: So, clearly with the buyback, you're expressing confidence in the business, can you just talk -- and I know you'll address this in more detail in December, can you just talk about how you're feeling about business momentum into '15, and then any outside of just the lower share count, any obvious large headwinds or tailwinds you're thinking about?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. As you suggest, we'll give details in December. But where we sit now, we expect North America markets to continue to be up in 2015 underlying our third quarters, especially in Res, and to a less degree emergency replacement and commercial is even with the year-over-year core weather and degree cooling days or cooling degree days in third quarter were down 6% or so. In July, down 12% year-over-year. We still drove Residential revenue growth in high single-digits and our emergency replacements are up high single-digits. So we think all that continues -- we think all that underlying momentum continues in the 2015. In our Refrigeration business, during the first half of 2015, we'll continue to have some headwinds from Australia Refrigerant business. A little less than what we had during the second of this year, but it will still be a meaningful number and we'll guide to that in December. Continuing with the theme of Refrigeration, we expect some improvement in our North America Supermarket business, which has been a drag this year. We went through all of the math on the share buyback. We also mentioned that interest expenses are going to go up 10 million from 15 to 25. Then on material cost reduction, we can -- what I'd put in my model, what I'd encourage everyone to put in their models, similar number of around 30 million of material cost reduction next year, similar number that we've had the last few years. So I think that's the balance of things we're going to talk about right now and then we'll give the rest of the guides in December.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc: Okay, great. And then just -- so on the pre-buy I guess, you get a couple of pennies in 4Q and then you give that back next year. But it sounds like it's more of a pre-build than a pre-buy. It seems like most people won't really see much pull forward given that -- like you said, the reticence for distributors to hold the inventories.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I’ll speak for ourselves. It's a pre-build rather than pre-buy. There may be a little bit of pre-buy that we haven't really rolled into our numbers. But I think it is almost exclusively a pre-build. And I can't really speak for the competitors other than to assume that there is maybe a mix of both, but I think even if you're 100% independent distribution, you probably are going to do some pre-build too.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc: Great. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes from SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. Two questions; one, with the accelerated share repurchase, does this preclude anything other than small acquisition activity moving forward?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I guess I wouldn't think about it that way. As we've consistently said, one to two times debt to EBITDA, closer to two over the longer term, that we'll invest organically, we'll do strategic acquisitions. We'll give money back to the shareholders. If you do the math in all this, and make some assumptions for growth next year. We start to de-lever as we go through the year and get back down to midpoint maybe even the low end of our one to two. And as I've said all along, for a value creating change the game acquisition that we thought to create shareholder value we'd find a way to finance it. I think though Keith that reflects an honest opinion of what are the assets that are available right now that fit that description. And we thought it made sense, given our view of our business that investing share buyback made sense to do now.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Refrigeration, the numbers came in -- it's been a troubled sector for a while now. Do you sense a bottoming going on in some of the regions of the business or is it too soon to say that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, short answer is yes, longer answer is doesn't matter what we feel, it matter what we post. I think in Australia, we're not quite at least on a year-over-year comps, we're going to have some headwind first half next year. In North America, grocery business, I saw Dover's had similar comments of things being pushed out and some pressure on the business. We think fourth quarter, going to 2015, things going to look better, that's certainly what our backlog and order rates look like. But there's enough uncertainty out there. We got to book it. We got to sell it and move forward. But we think operationally we clearly have bottomed out and turned the corner, seeing it in the financial results it’s going to be tied a little bit about what some of our customers do.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julian Mitchell from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. Just on the growth margins, overall I think that was up about ten basis points year-on-year in Q3. In Q2, it had been down 50 bips or so. This quarter you had obviously the Australian impact. What was really driving that gross margin turnaround? Is there something dramatic to happen with input costs or mix?
Todd Bluedorn:  I think just overall we had a very good quarter. We continued to have positive price mix across the enterprise. Our material costs reductions as we talked about earlier in year, it tended to be more second half of the year than first half of the year. We continued that strong factory productivity. So I think it's just across the board good performance.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Thanks, and then secondly, going back to refrigeration; it sounds like the hit from Australia is going to be bigger in Q4 than in Q3. So, is there a chance that the margin performance year-on-year is similar or worse in Q4 than what you just reported?
Todd Bluedorn: I think you can back into the different numbers, I mean specific on the narrow question to put in your model, yes, we've said Australia refrigerant headwind was going to be $10 million. We said it was $3 million in third quarter. So it's $7 million in fourth quarter. So, yes, we expect a significant headwind in fourth quarter and our guidance for the full year is the guidance for the full year, incorporates all that.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: But do you think that the U.S. piece recovers somewhat in Q4 so that should offset it?
Todd Bluedorn: I think in refrigeration, as I suggested, we're -- operationally we think we've turned the corner and we think we'll have some pick up in our revenue and volume in fourth quarter. I don't think enough to offset the $7 million, but it will offset some of it. Just refrigeration segment, and then, the strength in commercial as I talked about, we think we will have a nice quarter there and residential, the momentum continues with the caveat as in fourth quarter we shift from cooling to heating. That's always during that bridge period, you got to have the weather go right and you have some things to really get fourth quarter up and running strongly.
Julian Mitchell - Credit Suisse: Understood. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: All right. Good morning, everyone. Just following up on the refrigeration, as we think about the first half of next year, I think you started to feel the impact on the Australian piece in the second quarter was that $3 million. Do we think of the $10 million as being the impact in the first half of next year on a year-over-year basis or is it going to be less than that?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's going to be less than $10 million. Again, we'll guide in December, as we get some more better understanding on pricing and house holding up in Australia, but right now we think it will be somewhere between $5 and $10 million headwind in the first quarter -- for the first half of the year.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay. On the buybacks, does 70% gets done here before end of Q4? And then 30% in the first half of next year? Sometime during the first half?
Todd Bluedorn: 70% in fourth quarter and then 30% we'll complete at sometime in second half of 2015.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay. So, it's second half. Okay. Just on -- with Walmart out the other day saying they're pushing out some of the super store concepts, going to smaller stores, I assume that's been considered in the outlook, but how impactful do you think that will be on the longer-term growth for a while?
Todd Bluedorn: Walmart is an important customer. We work with them both on new stores, replacements, large formats, small formats on the HVAC side. We're largely exclusive on refrigeration. We can compete with others, but we have a large part of their business. Shore answer is it's certainly baked into 2013, as we roll in the 2015, it will be baked in, a lot of we roll in the 2015 that will be bagged in and lot of things are said publically we know about those earlier. We talked to them and I think that reflects some of the comments. I think you can read some of public Walmart comments into what we saw in commercial in third quarter. What we seen in refrigeration in North America last couple of quarters, things have been pushed out.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay. Todd, last one on new construction. Some of the guys that are more levered to US non-res have talked more positively on what they've seen in the third quarter. How do you see the business? I know that you're going to be later in the game in terms of putting stuff in, but what do you say in terms of project activity and how do you feel about the light commercial piece?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. We think momentum is heading the right direction and we called new construction down being flat for the quarter. Again I think that's timing up national accounts that draw that and so when we say new construction, that's skewed a lot by national accounts, but the underlying momentum I think … 
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Okay thank you.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Hey, good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Samuel.
Joe Reitmeier: Good morning.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Just a couple follow ups here, so the residential business, obviously up 7% in the quarter, curious how that phased in July, August and September? Obviously, the AHRI data was weak in those first two months, so just curious how that looked throughout the course of the quarter, in particular in September?
Todd Bluedorn: We had a strong September, and again that's always the case. Just from a technical counting point, it's a five-week month versus the others being four weeks. The cool weather in July, on a year-over-year basis hurt us, and then in August and September on a relative basis the weather wasn't quite as cool and we saw pick up in the business. So we closed well.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Understood. I think late last week we got some finalization on R22 virgin production. Just curious how you guys are thinking about that going forward and the impact of the business? Obviously, you called out the 10% level of shipments. Are you expecting that to go down meaningfully into next year and how does that change your thinking going forward?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. For those two don't follow quite as closely as you do, what's coming out of the EPA, there are couple of different regimes, if you will, that were potential step down on our virgin R22 production. They went with a pretty aggressive step down from 14 to 15 and then 15 to 16. I think that will help put pressure on the R22. That being said, even at those production levels, combination of virgin plus recycled R22 still makes the economics for customers who are just managing for near-term cash flow, which is anyone would buy a dry charge unit even today. The economics are still favorable to do that versus putting a 410 A system. We think year-over-year we'll continue to trend down, but it's not cleared to us that it's a step function down.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Maybe just lastly in terms of mix looking out to next year -- I know you're not giving any guidance on actual EPS or sales, but how do you think about mix in particular, SEER 13 versus SEER 14? Do you think that will mix up, mix down?
Todd Bluedorn: I think there's a couple of facts, sort of ignoring what we do just from an industry viewpoint. What we expect to happen is where regional standards kick-in, obviously it will go from 13 SEET to 14 SEER. And from a dollar viewpoint we'll get dollar margin higher on those units, which is positive. But what will happen will be the percentage margins that we used to get on 14 SEER will go down as it becomes to battleground for the entry level. So I think from a dollar margin point, it'll be helpful. I think from a percent viewpoint, I don't think we'll have a positive or negative. I think we'll tend to be neutral. That from a self-help viewpoint. We continue to mix up. We continue to mix up on high efficiency given our product strategies, our distribution strategies. We've done that for the last couple of years, and I think we've outperformed the market. On mix, I think that will continue as we go into 2015.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: That's helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Sprague from Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Thank you. Good morning gents.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Just one more on the ASR. It sounds like you've actually entered a structured deal with a bank or something. I'm just wondering if that is in fact the case, and is that a done deal? Did you do that at last week's prices? Is that happening now as we speak? Just a little bit more color on the mechanics there?
Joe Reitmeier: The way it work is -- and, yes, we do have -- [it sounds] (ph) like we're coming to terms with the banks, now finalizing the agreement. What happens we get the 70% of shares up front? And then it's valued at a weighted average price over the term of the ASR, which we true up with the 30% share delivery at the termination of the agreement.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Okay. Great. Got it. Just thinking about price cost and materials cost, some of the cost benefits that you're enjoying are driven by your own actions and execution, but the industry seems to still be successful getting some price in what is still a very subdued cost environment. Obviously, there's always mix effects and material transition and everything going on that clouds the waters a little bit. What do you actually see for the asset types for the industry, the supply chain to continue to take price in this really quasi deflationary environment that we're in?
Todd Bluedorn: I think as an industry we've been good at -- and as a company we've been good on passing on price year-over-year. And again I think our channel understands that given our exposure to commodities when they spike up we don't pass it all on in one year because we know that the channel can't accept it. And so what we do is take a nibble every year on price increasing. And then when the commodity spike up, we don't have to pass it all in once, and my expectations will be in a market, North America HVAC market that continues to grow. We'll continue to be able to get price.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: Just one or two other quick ones. You characterized the transition as a pre-build not a pre-buy, but could you provide a little bit of color on what the channel's appetite is for the pre-build, really how it plays into next year? I was also just wondering, you did maintain the range for the year down to a quarter. We had a $0.20 range now for the fourth quarter. Are there, really, factors here in the fourth quarter that you think would drive that big of variance of potential outcome?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me answer the 13 or the regional standard question first. As you can imagine we've had lots of conversation, both with our dealer contractors who we sell the Lennox brands to, and then our independent distributors about what they see in eth marketplace. Then we've all -- many of us live through the last regional standard change. So we saw what happened in the marketplace. Highest level logic what we want to ensure is that we have a competitive product line that can compete on the low end in the south and then the north where heat pumps in and rest pack. We need to make sure we have enough inventory during this 18-month period that we're not at a cost disadvantage so we need to pre-build enough 13 SEET to do that. And we're doing that. As I say, we have a couple of sense of absorption impact in fourth quarter as beneficial, but the major part of the margin and the absorption, full part of the margin and absorption benefit will see in 2015 as we sell it. In December Analyst Day will be precise about the inventory build and give you exact numbers of what the end of the year is going to look like. Right now we're still working through things, but in December we'll update it. What was the second question? I got chill and gross to the pre-build, I forgot the second question.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research:  Sorry about that and I'll move on after this. Just the $0.20 range for Q4, is there really variables that you think could drive that wider range of outcomes?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean nothing abnormal. I actually just went back before the call over time. As we go in the fourth quarter, our history is been from 15 to 25 depending on the year. I think the biggest variable quite frankly would be – and I've talked about it and we've had some questions about, it is commercial and refrigeration volume. We think customers, we have some commitments for fourth quarter, but it's a uncertain environment. And then whether obviously always place an impact on our Residential business as we make the transition from cooling to heating. Everything was within our control, we feel very good about. I think that market variables in an uncertain world is what we're concerned about.
Jeff Sprague - Vertical Research: All right, thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Good. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Douglass from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: Hi, good morning, gentlemen.
Todd Bluedorn:  Hi, Mark.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: Did I hear you correct that you took up your North America unitary assumptions from low-single to mid-single digits?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: Is that and that's the market, correct?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: Correct. So, what are you seeing in the market that's really driving end of the year performance on the unitary side?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, when you look at the AHRI data, which is public data, through August, which is most current data we have. Industry is up 5%. And as we think about the piece of the markets that we see going in the fourth quarter, I think I've signaled that we were up, low single-digits in third quarter. And we think we're going to do better which puts us in mid-single. And so, if it's up, if the industry's up through August 5 and we think fourth quarter we're going to be up amid. And we're one of the leading players. It makes sense thus its prior going to be up mid. That's the math, but I think the underlying point I'd make is as what I said earlier is it feel solid. The momentum continues, your order rates look good, backlog looks good. It's a matter of timing on some of the orders. Emergency replacement, which is the book and ship business. We are up high single-digits and so that remain solid also.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: Right. Is that some of that planned replacements that didn't happen in third quarter, people are expecting a lot of those to come through in an entire market in the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I don't … You added it lot. I would just say we would expect, we're expecting some of the third quarter order, third quarter plant replacement that we expect it happen at third quarter will now happen in fourth quarter. And given how large a part of the market we are, especially in that segment, we think that'll continue to make them, given that it's up 5% year-to-date, we think that'll sort of continue through the year.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: And the one last question. Restructuring, what is left, what kind of plans do you have right now for further restructuring it and where was your restructuring focused in the third quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: The restructuring was focused in our Australia business and sort of given a performance, you, if I not surprised by that. So we took some headcount actions. And as always any restructuring we have, we announce when we're ready to go. And given our optimistic, not optimistic but our views are going forward on our end markets. We don't have any restructuring plan right now but if that changes, we'll let you guys know.
Mark Douglass - Longbow: Okay, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning, guys. It's Drew on for Nigel.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Could you just talk a little bit about the trends you're seeing in Europe and Latin America, specific to your businesses? Then, just some general color on the market overall?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. In South America, we were flat for the quarter. And so to give in all the uncertainty especially in Brazil, which is our largest end market. I think that reflects that we're winning and gaining share. So our Brazilian business on a year-to-date basis continues to hang in there. Europe … We continue to see uncertainty in Eastern Europe that affects our end markets there and even in old Europe, at least for the quarter we saw that start to flat and slow down a little bit. But again, we have a small keyhole into Europe up and we think we have an opportunity, unless the markets take a significant step down to continue to do self-help and gain share and win in the marketplace and continue to keep our revenue growing. That's our intent in Europe.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: That's helpful. Then on the ASR, it sounds like reviewing stock price, reviewing capital allocations from the Board, we're going to be hearing a lot and we're hearing it already, just the first week here from other companies. What really triggered it? I know you mentioned confidence in the business trends, but was it more stock price or was it more weighted towards business trends and your outlook for the longer term??
Todd Bluedorn: I think its multiple things because I was optimistic and confident when the stock was in 94, I thought it was a buy then, right. So, I always think it's a buy. So, it's sort of hard to time it by that, I think it's a couple of things. I think one is given our cast generation, we were going to de-lever unless we did more of a share buyback. And I think we sort of been clear that it's one to two closer to two, and if we don't do deals, we're going to either need to grow dividends which we did this year and do a share buyback. And as we didn't do any deals, it came very, of course we got it at the end of the year that we're going to de-lever. So, let's go do a share buyback and lower our cost capital. I think the other thing that laid on top of it and are sort of brushed aside, it is when you look at the big assets that we would want in North America, the owners are pretty clear right now that they don't want to sell it and publicly said that. And so, I think we have a window to go out and do what we do and still keep strategic flexibility as I suggested. But if there aren't big assets and we're de-levering, we should go do a share buyback and that's what we did.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then just a quick follow-on to that. I might have missed it but how are you financing the ASR, are you terming it out?
Todd Bluedorn: We're going to do a term loan and also do a piece of it on our existing revolver.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Hi, guys, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Steve.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So, you keep mentioning these orders in commercial, can you give us some context around that, the North America commercial orders, how much were they up?
Todd Bluedorn: We don't talk about that. I don't think I'll ever give that number publicly but the answer is we have when we look at our backlog and orders for fourth quarter, they support the revenue growth that sort of handed out, that we're going to have in fourth quarter in commercial.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. On the refrigeration side, you've talked about a couple moving parts for next year. How does the core -- is there anything outside of these charges that we should think about as far as the core performance is concerned? Will there be -- is there any chance of a snapback in the margins there in 2015? At least in second half?
Todd Bluedorn: I think in second half, clearly, we'll have stronger margins, given that we won't have the year-over-year comp will be much better on the refrigerant in Australia. But I think I've been clear that operationally we think we've turned it around. Financially, we need to start posting results. I'm not quite to the point where I'm going to predict a snap back in margins. I think we're going to grow margins next year but we have to deliver on the revenue, on the operational side. I'm confident we'll deliver but we need to continue to grow the top line.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. Just turning to resi, so when you say pre-build, that means for the 80% of distribution you own, you'll build and then those guys will hold it and then ship it to dealers? So in Allied you're going to see more of a pre-buy? I'm just trying to -- maybe I'm an idiot, but pre-buy versus pre-build, you still own some factory direct to independent, so what's the dynamic in the Allied brand?
Todd Bluedorn: Just pausing on how I publicly want to characterize but I'd be very straightforward. Even with our independent distributors, we're going to be doing significant pre-build that as we work with our independent distributors, we are working through arrangements of how much they take versus how much we hold. And given our cost of capital and our ability to logistically handle it, we're going to hold a lot of it ourselves and then sell it to them during the year.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I see. So you said the law allows you to build it and hold it at your -- for the Allied brand that ships direct to independents, you can hold that at your locations instead of having to ship it? Is that how the law works?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. So you can mitigate that dynamic. How do you see -- you talked about mix good, mix better, just from a dollar perspective but price coming down at the fighting brand level. How do you view that trajectory and the trend line there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's going to … 
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So for example, if 14 SEER is 15% to 20% higher than 13 SEER today, where do you think that ends when all is said and done next year in a normal weather year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think what we'll be able to do is sort of a, I actually think the cost difference between the two units are 15% to 20%. And so therefore, I think we're going to be able to cover the cost increase with pricing, even when it starts to come down. And then the question is going to be how much more than that are we going to be able to get as an industry is we try and mix up. But I think we'll cover the cost increase with pricing.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. So you haven't seen any real -- I mean has anybody come out and acted irrationally in this environment where they're cutting their 14 SEER fighting brand to try and gain a little bit of share? Have you seen any of that?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don't. No one's gone to war with 14ths here. I mean, everyone still has 13ths here and that's sort of the battleground. And quite frankly as we go into 2015, there's this variable, say just assume for a second everyone does what we do, which is they pre-build 13ths here and they have it, then I think you can argue 14th share margins as a percent don't go down. Right? Because we're all going to have 13 share that we're competing against with the entry level. And I could argue that 15, depending on how much people pre-build could look a lot like 14 in terms of both the spread of the units of 13 and 14ths here and the margin percentages. So, I think we just more cards have to be turned over before I can be completely defended I think on how the year is going to break on that.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. Do you guys own any R22 inventory in your distribution channel? Is it all PartsPlus stuff? Do you all hold some R22?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Is it a material amount?
Todd Bluedorn: What's the context of the question, I don't know where you are?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Well, isn't price going to go up pretty dramatically there?
Todd Bluedorn: We're not going to have a win fall like we had in Australia, if that's the question. I mean, we have some in the channel but we tend to buy it as we need it, we don't have big inventories, so we haven't pre-bought it.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Then one last question just on these -- you put me last here, so I'll pick up some more time. All these items in the quarter, I mean seem like your lawyers and accountants were pretty busy and it's just like a litany of different things that are not necessarily material, but it just seems like the magnitude of the amount here is interesting. Is this just a normal true up you do every year? It just seems a little bit odd that all this stuff would come falling out at one time.
Todd Bluedorn: Are you talking of what items, you're talking about the items as we go?
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I mean, asbestos, warranty, environmental, legal charges, I'm not sure you guys covered all the bases on items this quarter.
Joe Reitmeier: Yes. I think the two things that we all with -- that were predominant in that number was one, the write-down of post-levy refrigerant that we had in Australia which was $800,000. And then also the environmental charge that we had to take for some of operations.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. But then there's like as best as in, I mean, isn't legal contingency?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, I thought I think about it this way. I mean, it's about three, I think the number of items were longer than normal. So, point may point taken. I think the other point that I would make would be it was under 3 million of items. I don't think that's out of line where traditionally what we've done. And the third thing is, there was no conscious attached to sort of clean the cabinets if you will. Things that came up in the quarter that we worked with or outside auditor and got comfortable that we are treating it the right way.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. It's good time, clean the cabinets, I like that. Okay, thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: I'm denying cleaning the cabs, yes.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: No. It's, I mean I didn't necessarily say that but that's just a curious -- thanks, please speak it.
Todd Bluedorn: I think that's a phrase your associate road and you're noticing. I think that's where I got it.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I write all my stuff. So, you know.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, thanks.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: There's no ghost writing here, thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, right.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak from Global Hunter. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: All right, thanks guys. Looks like I get to be the last one.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Wal.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Looks like I get to be the last one. Wanted to ask about the revenue guidance that we're talking about for the fourth quarter and the acceleration from 4% up to something higher. I think high single digit is what you're implying, and I wonder if you could talk about it? It's not clear to me as, could we be double digits in residential and low single digits in the other two? Or are they all high single digits for the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: We don't, as you know don't give quarterly guidance. I don't think we're calling for double-digit growth in Res. I think we are calling for sort of continue momentum of high single-digits. And then I think from the -- of an explicit, we think commercial's going to do better. And we think maybe with less confidence, refrigeration is going to do better. And I think that's sort of the three pieces.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Okay. Good. Thanks. Then, on the pre-builds, presumably as 13 SEER product is held by the distribution channel, or in your case by you, what does pricing look like as we get further out? What's the expectation on when would you be releasing this product? Do you plan to use the entire 18 months or do you let the market dictate on how it goes out? Then, what happens to pricing as product goes into short supply?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, in terms of how it flows out is we want to be able to compete for the full time period and make sure we have the right product to compete at entry level. So, that's what the euphemism for saying if it's 18 months we won't be able to compete for 18 months. On pricing, I guess I'll repeat what I said earlier, which is I think it's going to play out depending on what competitors do depending on what we do, depending on how much inventory others have, how much we have, how quickly it gets sold. So, I think there'll be multiple variables at play in place. I think as we get closer to 2015, at the December meeting, I think we'll all have a better sense maybe on what others are doing. And so will have a better sense. That I high level I think if everyone does the same thing we're doing and has the inventory of 13ths here for 2015, I might argue that '15 looks a lot like '14 in terms of how everybody competes. And as we get to the end of the year, as we get -- I'm sorry, as we get closer to by 2016 and people feel they have to move it then maybe there's some pressure. But I think it will sort of be a natural play up.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: The independents are probably not nearly as well capitalized as you are, so I imagine they'll burn through whatever inventory they hold pretty quickly. But the other OEs, should we expect that they're going to hold 13 SEER inventory for their distributors as well?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. That's them, that but I would guess that others will do something similar to what we're doing but I don't know that for sure.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Good, okay, great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Wortman from Sidoti Company. Please go ahead.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Yes. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Glenn.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Glenn.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Todd, you just mentioned potentially high single digits sales growth for Resi in 4Q, but I think it wouldn't be quite so strong. If I remember correctly, it's a very tough comp from a year ago? I think a lot of sales got pulled forward in 4Q a year ago because of the cooler weather?
Todd Bluedorn: I think, I still went back and better that back around with our guys and we think I think I'm doing this from memory, I think we should maybe 10 million got pulled forward. And so again we -- or got -- we still think giving the momentum we're seeing or we'll still going to have a good quarter.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Okay. And then can you just give us an update on what percentage of your North America Commercial business is retail and break that down between new replacement and then longer term, how are you thinking about that side of the business as presumably more retail shifts online?
Todd Bluedorn: High level big box retail, about half of what we do. And the mix in that business has really sort of swung where it used to be 70% 80% new construction. Now, it's probably I'm doing this from memory, 50% 60% for replacement. So, we're much more exposed to replacement than we were in the past. I think the issue around shopping online versus going to stores, I think that continues to evolve overtime. I don't think that's a step function change in our business. But I think strategically what you've seen with our emergency replacement initiative while we're done with our school initiative, as we continue to look at other vertical markets to diversify what we're doing with retail. But there continues to be formats that win weather it's the dollar stores, whether it's the pharmacies you want to have everything, whether its convenient stores who want to have continue to grow their footprints. And so, I think we'll continue to find other vehicles and other formats even within broadly speaking retail, maybe as not as much big box, maybe it's medium and small box, we still think that's a great end market for us.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Yes, thanks for taking my questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research: Hi, good morning guys. Thanks for getting me on.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Josh. I think that's the worst I've heard your name.
Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research: I keep a tally. It's not the worst on my end, but pretty close. Two quick ones. First, on 13 SEER next year, I guess next 18 months, should we expect less battleground pricing there just given that there's scarcity value in the unit that at some level, some people in industry are going to run out sooner than others? And that maybe the interest in fighting tooth and nail on the low end is a little less prominent next year?
Todd Bluedorn: I'd like to think that's the case, I'm not sure it will be. I don't -- I think the pressure that we feel there now, I don't see it getting better than that, because again, all it typically what it takes is sort of one guy that set the price umbrella and then you could change, and so I'd like to think maybe we could get more margin on that product because it's a scarce commodity. But it's going to be kind of how many people -- I mean honest answer fro me, depending, there is variable, how many people build, what the weather next year, what's the overall demand is like, and I think all of that will feed into equation on what happens and we'll start to see.
Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research: Got you. I know you and I go back and forth on this at every analyst day, when you roll up the implied incremental margins and it seems like the discrete items add up to more than the total. If I'm reading you right, into next year, you still have comparable tailwinds on some of these discrete cost benefits from sourcing or I guess value engineering? Presumably price cost should be favorable, and it sounds like investment dollars should start to flatten out or maybe taper a little bit. Should we see 2015 as a year where maybe there's a little bit more upside to that 30% incremental margin than usual?
Todd Bluedorn: We will wait till December.
Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research: Fair enough.
Todd Bluedorn: And we'll connect all the dots.
Josh Pokrzywinski - Buckingham Research: Got you. All right, thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Good, thanks.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Let me share my comments here; thanks for everyone's interests, a few points to leave you with; the company set new third quarter records for total segment margin and profit. And we're on track for strong growth and record profitability for the full year. With our view on the company's strong market position and prospects we announced plans today for new $450 million accelerated share repurchase program, starting in October. We look forward to the last quarter of 2014 and on into 2015. All of us at Lennox are focused on strong operational performance and driving total shareholder value over the long-term. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - Vice President, Investor Relations Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joe Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan Keith Hughes - SunTrust Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Robert Barry - Susquehanna Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley Walter Liptak - Global Hunter Mark Douglass - Longbow Research Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Glenn Wortman - Sidoti
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the second quarter of 2014. I am here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. We would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thanks everyone for joining us. In the second quarter, Lennox International grew revenue of 6% at constant currency. EBIT margin expanded 70 basis points to a record 12.3% and adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 15% to a record $1.51. The company’s performance in the second quarter continued to be led by our Residential business. Residential revenue was up 11% at constant currency and profit rose 28% to a record $85 million. Revenue from both replacement and new construction business was up double-digits from the prior year quarter. Our new construction business had a solid recovery in the second quarter, after being down in the first quarter from the severe winter. In addition to capturing price, we continue to see a richer product mix with 14 SEER and above products comprising 37% of cooling product shipments in the second quarter, up 1 point from the prior year quarter. Our 22 products were 11% of cooling product shipments flat with the prior year quarter. In Commercial, revenue was up 5% at constant currency and profit rose 13%. Our Commercial business set a second quarter record for sales, margin and profit. North America commercial equipment revenue was up low double-digits on continued growth in both planned and emergency replacement business. We also saw a strong rebound in commercial new construction with mid-teen growth in the second quarter. On the national account front, we won 10 new customers in the second quarter to total 21 in the first half alone. In Europe, commercial HVAC revenue was down high single-digits at constant currency, still impacted by the uncertain geopolitical environments in Eastern Europe. In Refrigeration as expected, market conditions remained challenging. The upside that we are realizing in Residential, Commercial is being dampened by Refrigeration, where our North America supermarket and Australia wholesale businesses have been weak. Refrigeration revenue was down 6% at constant currency. Refrigeration profit was down 47% from the record level in the second quarter a year ago. Looking at revenue at constant currency by region, Asia and South America were up low-double digits. Europe was up high single-digits, Australia was down mid single-digits and North America was down low double-digits. Looking ahead for North America, we have been successful in wining in new National Account business that are scheduled to ramp up through the second half of this year and into 2015. In the first half of the year we have been making investments and positioning our operations to support this new business and other future growth opportunities. In Australia economic conditions remained soft. But the larger issue has been the uncertainty around the carbon tax repeal. With the repeal of the carbon tax, we expect improvement in our refrigeration equipment business in the second half of this year following several quarters of it being on pause as customers waited for more clarity on the issue. However, the repeal and associated lower prices for refrigerant will negatively impact our wholesale refrigerant business. Overall, we expect a profitability of our Australian business to be down in the second half of the year against the second half last year. To update you on our strategic initiatives, in residential I previously mentioned that we are transferring certain furnace production from the United States to Mexico and are also insourcing sheet metal fabrication as part of our Mexican operations. We expect $15 million in annualized savings from this initiative by 2016. Saltillo plant [2] [ph] began furnace production on June 16, one year to the day from groundbreaking. After completing process and production qualification the plant began shipping units into distribution network in early July. We are currently operating on two shifts and are well into the ramp up towards this year’s peak heating season. In our Residential distribution expansion initiative we opened up 10 new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the second quarter to bring our total stores to 150. With 50 new stores opened in the first half, we are tracking well to our target to open 25 new locations this year and exit the year at 160 stores. In our Commercial distribution expansion, we opened up a new regional distribution center in Laredo, Texas to bring the total of dedicated commercial locations to 33. In addition, we continued to move Commercial products into select Lennox PartsPlus stores. On the Commercial service side of the business we have added two more National Account Services branches to bring the total to 84 locations supporting National Accounts across North America. And the last point in commercial, in July, we entered the VRF market in North America as planned. Our partnership with Midea is going well as we launched Lennox branded VRF Commercial products through Lennox company-owned distribution. We are excited about our opportunities in this fast-growing $500 million market in North America. In the first half of the year across all our businesses we made significant investments to drive future growth. With a strong balance sheet and cash generation, we will continue to invest in the future, grow dividends with earnings and repurchase stock. In the second quarter, we have raised the dividend 25% to $0.30 per share quarterly. We bought back $50 million of stock in the quarter and plan to repurchase $100 million more of stock in the second half. Now I will turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I will provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $528 million, up 11%. Currency was neutral. Volume was up 10%. Price and mix combined was up 1%. Residential profit in the second quarter was a record $85 million, up 28% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a record 16.1%, up 220 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, lower material costs, lower SG&A and favorable price. Partial offsets included a less favorable warranty reserve adjustment than in the prior year quarter and investments in distribution expansion. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business, in the second quarter Commercial revenue was $241 million, up 5%. Currency was neutral. Volume was up 5% and price and mix combined was flat. North American Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up high single-digits. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down low single-digits on a reported basis. Commercial segment profit in the second quarter was $39 million, up 13% from the prior year quarter and segment profit margin was 16.2%, up 110 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable pricing mix and lower material costs. Partial offsets included investments in distribution expansion and startup cost to enter the VRF market in the third quarter in North America. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the second quarter was $192 million, down 7%. Currency had a negative 1 point impact. Volume was down 6%. Pricing mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Todd mentioned the revenue change by region at constant currency. At actual currency, Europe and Asia were both up low double-digits. South America was up low single-digits and North America and Australia were both down low double-digits. Segment profit was $14 million, down 47% from the record level of the prior year quarter. As Todd mentioned, the weakness in the second quarter was from the North America Refrigeration and to a lesser degree Australia. Segment profit margin was 7.1%, down 530 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by lower volume, unfavorable mix, investments to support future growth and foreign exchange partially offset by lower material costs. Looking at special items in the second quarter, the company had total after-tax charges of $300,000 net. This includes a gain of $500,000 for the net change in unrealized gains on unsettled futures contracts and a charge of $500,000 for restructuring activities at a net charge of $300,000 for other items. Corporate expense was $19 million in the second quarter, down from $21 million in the second quarter a year ago. Overall, SG&A was $149 million in the second quarter, down $2 million from the prior year quarter on lower incentive compensation as planned. Cash from operations was $52 million in the second quarter compared to $49 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was $24 million, up from $11 million in the second quarter a year ago as the factory expansion in Mexico was completed. Free cash flow was $28 million compared to $38 million in the prior year quarter. Looking at liquidity, cash and cash equivalents were $50 million at the end of June. Our debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.6 ending the quarter within our targeted range of 1 to 2 times. Total debt was $607 million at the end of June. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I will review our outlook for 2014. With half the year behind us, we are raising our assumption for North American residential HVAC shipments from mid single-digit growth to high single-digit growth for the industry. We are maintaining our assumption for North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low single-digits and we still expect refrigeration shipments to be flat globally for the industry in 2014. Based on the underlying market assumptions and the company’s performance year-to-date and current outlook, we are raising our revenue guidance for the full year from 2% to 6% to a range of 5% to 7%. We still expect foreign exchange to have a negative 1 point impact. Looking at our other guidance points for 2014, we still expect about $30 million of savings from our sourcing and engineering led cost reduction programs for the full year. We continue to expect $10 million for favorable mix in residential in 2014 and we still expect $10 million from favorable price for the full year. We now expect commodities to be flat in 2014 versus prior guidance of a $5 million headwind. Among the headwinds for the year, we expect a negative $10 million impact from foreign exchange that will not be offset by price in 2014. In our Australian business, we expect a negative $10 million impact in the second half versus the prior year period with the repeal of the carbon tax in that country. In 2013, we benefited from the expansion of refrigerant operations in our wholesale business, including some one-time purchases of lower cost refrigerant that we sold at higher prevailing market prices. With the repeal of the carbon tax, we expect market prices to decline negatively impacting profitability in that part of the business. Corporate expense is still expected to be approximately $70 million for this year, down $18 million from 2013. A few other guidance points. We expect net interest expense for the full year of about $15 million. Our effective tax rate is still expected between – to be between 34% and 35% on a full year basis. We still planned a total of $150 million in stock repurchases and the weighted average diluted share count for the full year is expected to be approximately 49 million shares. We continue to expect capital expenditures of $90 million. And finally, to wrap up, we are narrowing our 2014 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $4.20 to $4.60 to a range of $4.30 to $4.50. And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we will begin with the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Joe Reitmeier: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Maybe just to go into the Refrigeration issues a little bit more, I mean, I guess I think of your business as kind of having 30% incremental, decrementals, obviously a lot higher here. So, can you kind of delve into what were the big drivers maybe outside of your normal decrementals?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. Let me sort of ramble a little bit broadly about Refrigeration, Jeff. As Joe talked about and I spoke about in the script, the major driver of margin compression was North America weakness, particularly in supermarkets. Revenue was down low double-digits and so we had volume impact, but we also had a negative mix shift with some major national account customers moving towards in our KW business cases versus systems and we make higher margins on systems versus cases. We also made investments during the quarter to support the ramp up we expect in the second half of the year. In our traditional business in North America, our Heatcraft business, we have our backlogs up double-digits from this time last year. And we also won a large part of the new business from Wal-Mart at our Kysor/Warren business, which we have had to make some investments in our factory to be able to support in the second half of the year. In Q3 and more so in Q4 as the volume starts to flow, we will expect that profit performance in North America will improve. The second reason for weakness in Refrigeration in Q2 was Australia, where revenue was down 5% at constant currency and down 10% as reported, whereas North America was the primary reason for the refrigeration weakness in the first half, Australia will be the primary refrigeration headwind during the second half. As Joe talked about, we expect a negative $10 million impact in the second half versus the prior year period with the repeal of the carbon tax in Australia. As Joe discussed in 2013, we benefited from the expansion of refrigerant operations in our wholesale business, including some one-time purchases of lower cost refrigerant that we sold at higher prevailing market prices. With the repeal of the carbon tax, we expect market prices to decline negatively impacting profitability in that part of the business.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, that’s helpful. And then margins in the second half for Refrigeration, I mean, are they closer to kind of the second half last year or closer to first half this year?
Todd Bluedorn: We are still going to have some pressure during the second half of the year in margins. I think fourth quarter will look better than third quarter. I think North America will look better second half of the year than first half of the year, but I think the headwind from Australia will have an impact on the overall margins.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just kind of final question on incrementals very good in Commercial Heating & Cooling and Residential, maybe just talk about sustainability as you think about some of these seemingly within your initial guidance, I think a lot of your savings was more back half weighted. So, just talk about incremental momentum in those businesses?
Todd Bluedorn: Are you talking for the second half of the year or longer?
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Yes.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, I think two out of the three businesses have strong momentum both on revenue, on margin expansion. That’s going to continue in the second half of the year. The headwind obviously is Refrigeration, I signaled that we are going to have margin pressure second half. Our initial guidance when we started the year was 30% incrementals as we have raised revenue and sort of kept the bandwidth around the midpoint being the same. We are now signaling given some of the headwinds in Refrigeration that our margin [drop] [ph] to maybe close to 30%, but I think about it between 25% and 30% is sort of what we are signaling for this year. Over three years, we still think it’s going to be 30% as we sort of get through this rough spot in Refrigeration.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: All right. And next we will go the line of Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Hi, good morning guys. Just wanted to – and then obviously the Resi results and the Commercial were great too. I just wanted to focus a little bit on the bifurcation between Refrigeration and Commercial. I am curious as to whether you saw Refrigeration as a market issue or really a share issue or maybe a little bit of a timing issue, but is there a differential desire to spend capital on your Commercial customers versus your Refrigeration and/or are you just losing share in Refrigeration right now?
Todd Bluedorn: I think there is a bit of a difference in the customer base. In the sense of, in our HVAC equipment I think there is increasingly, has been an increasingly compelling reason for customers to accelerate to switch out for energy efficiency reasons, I think number one. Number two is I think the grocery segment has had slower growth than some of the other verticals that we play in, in big box retail and light industrial even in schools. But I think the honest answer is especially in KW as I have spoken about before, I don’t think we are losing share with individual customers, I think it’s the customers who we have traditionally done business with aren’t growing as fast as the overall market, which means you’ll lose share if that happens. And we have been focused on adding to our customer base. And I mentioned we got a nice order from Wal-Mart that we think is going to help second half of the year. But I think that’s sort of the fundamental issue in North America volume.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Okay, that was helpful. Thank you. And then just one quick question on pricing in those two markets, anything dramatic going on in Refrigeration pricing and you mentioned the mix issue just a moment ago on the pricing side?
Todd Bluedorn: No, pricing, we passed on a price increase and we are getting price in the marketplace.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Great. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Hey, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: So the $10 million that you called out I am just want to kind of understand the trajectory on Refrigeration side for the second half, I mean is that the major headwinds which we look at second half last year to second half this year and think of $10 million as the starting point and then kind of factor in some other stuff, is that just this 7% that you did this quarter is obviously going to get better, but I think it would just be helpful to get a little bit of a magnitude around what the second half could look like, so you can at least baseline it so we can reset the bar here?
Todd Bluedorn: I would start with $10 million and then…
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: And then in North America, I am signaling that we are going to have – while we are going to get better, we are still going to have some margin pressure in second half in North America, although the rate of deceleration is going to be slower in second half than first half.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. Got it. And as we look out to the three year plan now in Refrigeration, I think the guide is 13% to 15% in margin, I mean obviously, that looks like a pretty dramatic stretch at this stage of the game, how do we think about kind of the levers over a multi-year period here, I mean is this now just a structurally lower margin business?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I don’t think so, Steve. Still we may not get to 15%, but I still think 13% within our sights. We ended last year at about 10%. We are going to be down obviously this year, given where we are first half of the year. But as we get volume to flow back through our North American business, we get to the other side of this dislocation due to the carbon tax in Australia. We continue to make momentum in our European business. Brazil continues to do well. I think we are still targeting that – at least a 13% over the three-year period. I mean I reflect about where we were, it’s not exact same analogy, but back in 2011 we had severe mix down in Residential. Our margins went down dramatically. There were some severe concern about what we were going to be able to do there and here we sit two and a half, three years later and we are in great position in Residential. I think you get to the other side of these mix issues, you get to the other side of volume issues, things look a lot better and I think that we will do that in Refrigeration.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. So I guess my point is if you look out to that, I mean does that mean ‘15 is a snapback year or you are kind of, it’s pretty back end loaded, there is a lot of kind of heavy lifting to do, that’s just what I am trying to get my arms around I guess?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t – I think we have put in place a lot of the initiatives whether it’s material cost reduction factories, getting everything ready, what we need is some volume and mix to head the right direction which is based on customers. And we are getting that in place. And I am not going to signal necessarily on ’15, but I think we have a three year plan to get the margins to 13% in Refrigeration.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And did you win the Kysor/Warren thing was that one from the incumbent at Wal-Mart?
Todd Bluedorn: I think all three of us got business and so it was just sort of reshuffling and we ended up with more than what we had before.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay. And then one last question just on Residential, what kind of benefit I guess on the margin was mixed – on the margin improvement?
Todd Bluedorn: I am trying to – I am looking around the room to say if we called it out. It’s less than 2%. Yes. We have positive mix of 1% or 2% for the quarter.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: On the margin as well?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: I mean, so why would that be any different as the transition comes through next year?
Todd Bluedorn: Ask the question again, Steve.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Why would that benefit be – would the margin benefit for any reason be different next year if the mix goes up materially with the 14 SEER transition?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, because the pricing on 14 SEER post regulation will be lower than the pricing in 14 SEER pre-regulation, because all of a sudden when you make it the minimum efficiency that becomes the battleground over pricing. So, I know the – all of a sudden when half your business goes from 13 SEER to 14 SEER in the south, you don’t get the full margin impact, we will get some impact, but pricing will be – that will become the battleground for pricing.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: And you think that happens that quickly over, I mean, in 13 SEER that didn’t, I mean it took a while for that the 10 SEER to 13 SEER, it took a while for that price to come down. I mean, is that – would you expect that to happen in ‘15 or is that more like a ‘16, we talked about more of a normalized kind of longer term dynamics?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it happened recently quick, last time. And we will guide on ‘15. What you are suggesting is there is some upside, there probably is, I don’t disagree with that.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Alright. And next, we will go to the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Thank you. A couple of questions. Back to Refrigeration, how much does Australia represent of that segment since?
Todd Bluedorn: 25%.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Has that been a constant number or has it come up in the last couple of years?
Todd Bluedorn: Full order of magnitude constant, I mean, after we did the KW acquisition, it went down, but 25% has been about where it’s been since we did KW.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: And switching back to Residential as we are sitting now at $164 million plus by the end of this year, you have any early views for ‘15 and what that number will do?
Todd Bluedorn: What we said was 2016 will have 215 stores. I just sort of lay the math out and think about it as a linear, which is 25 to 30 a year. So, I guess that it means we will have 185 to 190 in 2015, but we will give an exact number in December.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: You think as you approach that goal, will the magnitude of the ad from each location start to go down as you get this network more filled out.
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, theoretically at some point we will reach diminishing returns, but we haven’t hit them yet. I think I saw transcript from Watsco’s note or Watsco’s call, I think they should have 570 locations and we have a larger geographical footprint than they do. So, I think we have ways to go.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. And then finally in Commercial, any sort of view in the second half of the year in the United States, any sign from customers accelerating, decelerating just with the quality of orders?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean, we had a good second quarter, right. So, we are up double-digits both in new construction and in replacement. And so the momentum is pretty good in the Commercial business. So, I don’t know if I think about it as accelerating or decelerating, I think it’s if we continue where we are at in second quarter, that’s a nice little run rate.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Good as it has been, I guess. Alright, thank you.
Operator: Alright. And next we will go to the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, good morning everyone. Just a follow-up on the Refrigeration, so as it relates to the $10 million for the second half of the year, does that – should we think of it that there is some sleep over into the first half or does that pretty much dissipate into the first half of ‘15?
Todd Bluedorn: Ask the question one more time, Rich. I think I understood.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: You got a $10 million headwind here in the second half of the year, so do we think of that as dissipating once the calendar turns or is there still some leakage there in terms of the negative profit impact?
Todd Bluedorn: There will be some leakage in the first half of next year.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. But should we think of that as kind of materially less than the $10 million or is that still kind of be close to that run rate?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it would be less than $10 million and we will have good news to help offset it, right. So, I wouldn’t sort of get too nervous about 2015, we will guide to 2015 in December, but yes, that’s – we will have some headwind in Australia first half of the year from refrigerant.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: But then ostensibly the North American business is picking up as well, is that starting here – the incremental business starts second half of the year?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then on Resi on pricing, so it seems like all pricing is struck here year-to-date, the $10 million, I know you reiterate the guide there for $10 million, but what’s kind of the bogie in terms of upside downside scenario for the balance of the year.
Todd Bluedorn: I think part of the issue is let me talk about how we have sort of broken these buckets up is we have said that there is $10 million in net price. That ignores the FX issue that we have in Canada. And so what we have done is we have sort of raised prices in Canada help offset the FX we are getting or the translational or transactional FX issue we have in Canada and we are saying there’s still going to be a $10 million headwind. The actual FX problem we have is larger than that and we have gotten price to help offset it. So, really sort of gross wise, we have got more than $10 million of price, but net in Residential, it’s $10 million. So, I still – I think that’s probably a good number.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, okay. And then ostensibly the first having the few weeks here in July given that you raised the guide for North American Residential for the year, I know Q2 came in better, but we have seen trends wise certain for early stages of Q3?
Todd Bluedorn: Solid is the way I can calibrate it. I mean, and solid meaning continuing with what we have seen over the last year or so. First couple weeks were a little cooler than last year down about 10% from last year, but last August was at least for the summer compared to the rest of summer was a cool August. So, net-net, we are not worried about the weather yet and momentum continues.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Robert Barry with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Robert.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Very quick follow-up on that last comment, when you said down 10% in the first couple weeks, is that cooling degree days?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Okay. And I guess sticking on the topic of weather, I mean, was a real headwind in the first quarter, especially with R&C. I mean, did you see any push or volume benefit in Resi and/or Commercial in this quarter because of push from 1Q?
Todd Bluedorn: I think what we saw was what we expected to see in the sense of we call that we thought Residential was going to – new construction was going to snapback. We saw it up double-digits in first quarter. We saw new construction and commercial up double-digits. I think in Commercial, it was less about the weather. I just think that’s momentum in the Commercial market. I think Residential was some snapback from first quarter.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Did you see how much the growth was in the emergency replacement piece or could you in Commercial?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes. It was up low single-digits the second quarter against the comp of second quarter ‘13 when we first began the rollout of the rooftop. And so the way I think about it is last year we were up 14% as we sort of loaded the barns with our distribution is up low single-digits second quarter this year. And then over the last 12 months, we have been up double-digits. So, the momentum in emergency replacement continued in second quarter.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: I think this quarter though is also when you started rolling out kind of the expanded line of larger units in Commercial, is that just smaller than what was rolled out initially?
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is that it was rolled out mid-May and so it had some impact this quarter, but I think we will really start to see the impact in third quarter from the expansion.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Okay. And then just finally on the SG&A, I know you guys kind of target over time at tracking, at growing half the rate of sales, I think year-to-date is actually down, even though you have had a lot of growth investment, maybe some of that is the incentive comp. I mean, how should we think about the way that’s been tracking and how it will track just given its generally targeted at half the rate of sales?
Todd Bluedorn: I think this year I’d sort of model it to be down half the rate is what you suggested. As you recall last quarter, we had I think we are down $8 million or $9 million corporate expenses versus last year and that was SG&A and that was incentive comp. And we said, our total corporate expenses will be down $18 million full year and a large piece of that is incentive comp. So, short answer is I think modeling half the rate of growth is probably the right number.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: For the back half, so it will kind of start to tick up?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, it will tick up largely associated with the timing of incentive compensation and sort of the profit curve that we used to report and record those costs.
Robert Barry - Susquehanna: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Yes, hi, guys. Good morning. It’s Drew on for Nigel.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Drew.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: I just want to dig into the inventory a little bit, I know you had mentioned last quarter that if there was pre-build in advance of the SEER standard change that would come in the fourth quarter, have you guys seen any of that yet or able to quantify it?
Todd Bluedorn: The answer is, the regulations around enforcement are still up in the air, so we are still waiting for some clarity there. We are meeting with our distribution partners and our dealer customers and we are fine tuning what we are going to do. We will bring more clarity to that most likely on the third quarter call.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then in Commercial, now that you are in the market on the VRF, should we assume that all of the investment headwind is now through and that it was the full 5 million?
Todd Bluedorn: We got it last time between 3 million to 5 million. We are still in investment mode in second half of the year. While we started selling, it’s a long lead time just sort of to get the business closed. So I would think about it as I would spread it over the full year broadly speaking linear. And then next year front end will still be investment mode, second half will start making money and next year I think about it as being sort of neutral and then we start making money in 2016, that’s how I think about it.
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Okay, got it. That’s helpful. And then on Resi you brought up the market growth estimate, are you able to quantify what your share gains are at this point or just maybe year-to-date?
Todd Bluedorn: We don’t publicly sort of quantify AHRI numbers public about what the industry is doing and we give our number and we let you all calculate it?
Drew Venker - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Got it. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Walter Liptak with Global Hunter. Please go ahead.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Hi. Thanks guys. Just a couple of follow-ups, first on the last question with pre-build in the fourth quarter, so you are saying that if that you were to be a pre-build that would be incremental to the guidance, so right now there is no pre-build and are your formula…?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean I think about pre-build as the way it will impact the guidance will be on cash flow. So if we are building inventory that we are then going to sell in 2015, we just carry more inventory going into end of the year.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Okay. Go it. And then in the Refrigeration market, you called out some investment into future growth, I wonder if you can provide some more color and is that new to the guidance or is that something that was already in for 2014?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s business that we won during the year and the customer is Wal-Mart. And so we are expanding the factory adding people sort of getting ready to handle the business.
Walter Liptak - Global Hunter: Okay. Thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Mark Douglass with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Alright. Good morning gentlemen.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: In Commercial can you talk a little more broadly about what the market is doing, I mean your place was good for you but that’s relatively new, but you said new construction was up mid-teens, is it something regional that you are seeing that maybe benefits you or is it overall that you are seeing a nice pickup and you expect that to – through a continue the non-resi construction pickup that everybody has been talking about is hopefully coming?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, I am not trying to make a call on the broader macro call of non-resi, which implies a lot of verticals we don’t play in. So what we are saying is in unitary North America where we play which is half of our businesses is retail movie – theaters, schools we were up double digits in new construction. So I think that’s more reflection on the verticals that we play than necessarily a broader non-resi call.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Okay. But retail was up in new construction?
Todd Bluedorn: We were up double digits in new construction and half of our businesses is with retail. The industry year-to-date is up low-single digits, I think we are winning share and outperforming the industry.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Okay. Great. And then just one last question with the Saltillo coming online, what do you have as far as expected net benefit in ‘14 and we talked about the overall savings you expect by ’16, is there much coming in the second half?
Todd Bluedorn: No, I mean it’s a net expense for us I mean, so we think it’s about $5 million headwind. As you can imagine, we staff up and build a factory and it takes time to ramp up, so we are under absorbing. So, it takes a while. And so it’s a headwind that’s always been in our guidance.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Okay, but the absorption will come in ‘14, I mean in ‘15 excuse me?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, I think about it as you know we have said ‘16 is $15 million. In 2015, it will be a positive number somewhere between negative plus $15 million and we will guide in December probably on what that number is. And then in 2016, we enter the year at the full $15 million.
Mark Douglass - Longbow Research: Okay, thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Next, we will go to the line of Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Yes, good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: So, just going back to Refrigeration, I think you said about $10 million year-on-year headwind in the back half of the year, how is that split between third and the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I broadly go spread at linear.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great. And then in terms of the mix headwinds that you talked about moving away from systems into cases, did you quantify how much of a headwind that was on a year-on-year basis either in dollar terms or in percentage basis?
Todd Bluedorn: We didn’t, but I would say it’s $2 million or $3 million for the quarter.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks. And then I think Todd you mentioned that your backlog was up about double-digits or so in Refrigeration presuming that reflects the Wal-Mart order, but just curious kind of margins in the backlog are looking as it’s been today and what’s the expectation for that backlog starting to hit the P&L?
Todd Bluedorn: KW business, which is driven by Wal-Mart, but also in our traditional what we call HRP HeatCraft Refrigeration Products in North America is up double-digits, which isn’t Wal-Mart business, it’s sort of broader business. We think the margin of the business will – in North America will be better second half than it was first half.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then just lastly on just overall cost savings and margins, I mean the revenue was really strong this quarter, curious how that carried into the back half of the year, should we continue to expect about 20 plus basis points of margin expansion and I guess what’s the view on kind of sourcing savings coming forward?
Todd Bluedorn: We are still calling 30 million of sourcing savings. Initially, we called for it to be back half loaded. We were able to accelerate some things and sort of over-performed first half and so we now think it’s probably 50:50 first half, second half. And we continue to have margin expansion opportunities in residential, I am not sure, we are going to be up 200 basis points every quarter like we were in second quarter, we weren’t in first quarter. So, I think about while we expand that first half of the year and that’s probably a fair put to think about second half.
Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs: Great, thanks so much.
Operator: Alright. And next we will go to the line of Glenn Wortman with Sidoti. Please go ahead.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Yes, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Glenn.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Yes, on your resident new construction business and given the sort of relatively weak housing data out there, I was surprised on the strength you saw. Do you think you outperformed the industry or is that snapback more market based on your view?
Todd Bluedorn: I think both are probably true. As we have said, we have an outsized position with the big builders. We thought weather had pushed some volume from first quarter to second quarter. And then there is sort of mix data. I mean, I know the starts were sobering, but also builder confidence is at record highs. So, I think there is some conflicting data out there. As the year started, we called for new construction. We have 10% on a full year basis. We still think that’s probably the right number.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Okay. And is that part of your business performing well into the third quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s early, but momentum that we saw in second quarter we are seeing in third quarter across the business.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti: Okay, alright. Thanks for taking my questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Excellent.
Operator: Great. And next we will go to the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Hey, guys. Just a follow up, the comment on weather in July, what are you guys seeing in July, I mean, your business up kind of around what you did in the first half, maybe just some context around that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, it remained – the short answer is it remains solid in the momentum we saw first half of year we are seeing in third quarter. I just make the point that weather is 10% cooler and we’d rather have a big moment. And just to your point throwing that adds a little bit of a warning, but as I suggested we are off to a solid start. And September is our biggest month in the quarter. So, we got lot of work still in front of us.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Right. And pricing is holding okay in the channel?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Good.
Operator: There are no further questions.
Todd Bluedorn: Great, thanks. A few other guidance – I am reading the wrong script, let me get to the right script. A few points to leave you with. The company had record profit on record total segment margin in the second quarter, but we are on track for strong growth in record profitability for the full year. Residential and commercial are performing to the upside, while Refrigeration is choppy in 2014. Overall, we are raising guidance for company revenue growth, up 5% to 7% this year with 16% to 22% growth in adjusted EPS from continuing operations. We look forward to the rest of the summer season and a strong second half of the year. Thank you for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You ay now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP of IR Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier - CFO and EVP
Analysts: Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Keith Hughes - SunTrust Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Josh Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Samuel Eisner - Goldman Sachs Drew Pierson - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing-by and welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2014. I'm here today with the Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, and Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and Joe will take you through the Company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation for the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our Web site at www.lennoxinternational.com. We’ll archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. We’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. In the first quarter Lennox International grew revenues 6% at constant currency. EBIT margin expanded 70 basis points to a first quarter record of 5.1% and adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 27% to a first quarter record of $0.42. The Company’s performance in the first quarter continued to be led by our Residential business. Residential revenue was up 10% at constant currency, and profit was up 19%. Replacement business remained strong with mid-teen growth as we continue our distribution expansion in North America. Cold weather was also a factor. The cold weather that began in November and December continued in the first quarter, with heating degree days above both normal and the prior year. While cold weather was on balance, a net positive for Residential replacement business. The severity of it in many parts of North America significantly impacted our new construction business, both in Residential and in Commercial. Residential new construction revenue was down mid single-digits in the first quarter, but we expect an improved construction environment moving now into spring and summer. In Commercial revenue was up 6% at constant currency, profit though was down 8% from the prior year quarter. Europe was down and we made strategic investments in the business for growth, including expansion of our distribution and service networks in North America, and start-up cost to enter the VRF market in the second half of 2014. Europe Commercial HVAC business can be chunky on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and revenue was down mid single-digits at constant currency in the first quarter. North America Commercial service revenue was relatively flat against a tough comparison to last year. North America Commercial equipment revenue was up low double-digits, with replacement revenue up nearly 20%. Impacted by the severe weather, Commercial new construction was up low single-digits in the first quarter. On the new business front we signed up 11 new National Account customers, a great start to the year. In Refrigeration, market conditions remained challenging in the quarter as expected. Revenue was down 6% as reported, with segment profit down 28%. At constant currency, Refrigeration revenue was down 2%. South America was up low double-digits. Europe was up high single-digits, and China was up mid single-digits. North America was down slightly, and we continue to expect the region to pickup in the second half of the year based on new National Account business. Australia revenue was down high single-digits at constant currency, and we expect that market to be soft through balance of the year. Talk to you on our strategic initiatives. In Residential, we are on-track with expansion of our manufacturing facility in Mexico. We are transferring certain furnace production there from the United States and also we’ll be in-sourcing sheet metal fabrication as part of our Mexico operations. We expect furnace production to be up and running in Mexico in the second half of 2014. We are making a $30 million U.S. investment in total over 2013 and 2014 and by 2016 we expect 15 million in annualized savings from this initiative. In our Residential distribution expansion we opened five new Lennox PartsPlus stores in the first quarter. We are targeting 25 new stores in total for 2014 as it continues to be a big reason for our market share gain momentum. We plan on exiting this year with 160 stores on our way to at least 215 stores in 2016. In our Commercial distribution expansion we continue to move Commercial products and strategic distribution points to meet the needs of the emergency replacement market, this expansion and the success of our Raider rooftop systems are creating strong momentum. Emergency replacement revenue was up more than 20% in the first quarter. Also in Commercial, our partnership is progressing well with Midea to launch Lennox branded VRF Commercial products in North America, leveraging Lennox company-owned distribution. The team is tracking with plans for entering this fast growing $500 million market in the second half of this year. We will continue to drive our strategic initiatives in 2014 and are well positioned for continued momentum with our expanding distribution network and leading product portfolio. The year is off to a good start with the first quarter and we are looking forward to the seasonally strongest quarters of the year. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I’ll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter, starting with the Residential Heating & Cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $342 million, up 9%. Currency had a negative one point impact. Volume was up 7% and price and mix combined was up 3%. Residential profit in the first quarter was $24 million, up 19% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 7.1% which was up 60 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price mix and lower material cost. Partial offsets including negative impact from foreign exchange and investments and distribution expansion and other growth initiatives. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business, in the first quarter Commercial revenue was $173 million, up 6%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 6% and price and mix combined was flat. North America Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up high single-digits. Europe Commercial HVAC and revenue was down low single-digits on a reported basis. Commercial segment profit in the first quarter was $10 million, down 8% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 5.9%, down 90 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by investments in the business for growth, including North American distribution and service expansion, as well as startups cost to enter the VRF market in the second half of 2014. Partial offsets include higher volume and lower material cost. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the quarter was $180 million, down 6%. Currency had a negative four point impact. Volume was down 1% and price and mix combined was down 1% on a revenue basis. Todd mentioned the revenue change by region at constant currency, at actual currency Europe was up low double-digits, China was up high single-digits, North America was down low single-digits, South America was down high single-digits and Australia was down about 20%. So, there was significant negative currency impact from South America and Australia. Segment profit was $12 million, down 28% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 6.7%, down 200 basis points. Segment profit was negatively impacted by foreign exchange, SG&A, lower volume and factory investments for future growth, partial offsets included favorable price mix and lower material costs. Looking at special items in the first quarter, the Company had a total after tax charges of $900,000 which included $400,000 for the net change and unrealized losses on unsettled futures contracts and $200,000 for a special legal contingency charge. Corporate expense was $11 million in the first quarter, down from $19 million in the first quarter a year ago on lower incentive compensation as planned. Overall, SG&A was $136 million in the first quarter which was flat with the prior year quarter. Cash used in operations was $125 million in the first quarter, compared to $137 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was $17 million which was up from $12 million in the first quarter a year ago as the factory expansion in Mexico continued. Free cash flow was a negative $142 million compared to a negative $149 million in the prior year quarter. As most of you know, we tend to use cash in the first half of the year and generate cash in the second half due to the seasonality of our business. Looking at liquidity, cash and cash equivalents were $39 million at the end of March. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.5 and in the quarter within our targeted range of 1 to 2 times. Total debt was $564 million at the end of March. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2014. Our market assumptions for 2014 remain the same. For the industry, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid single-digits. We expect North America Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single-digits and we expect Refrigeration shipments to be flat global for the industry in 2014. Based on these underlying market assumptions, our revenue growth guidance for the year remains 3% to 7% at constant currency. Given currency movements, we now expect a 1 point of negative impact from foreign exchange on the full year basis for revenue growth for up 2% to 6% with this headwind. Looking at our other guidance points for 2014, we still expect about $30 million of savings in our sourcing and engineering led cost reduction programs for the full year, weighted to the second half of the year. We continue to expect $10 million on favorable product mix in residential in 2014 and we still expect $5 million of net benefit from pricing commodities with a positive $10 million from price and negative $5 million from commodities. Corporate expense is still expected to be approximately $70 million for this year, down $18 million from 2013. Last year corporate expense jumped from 60 million in 2012 to 88 million in 2013 on higher incentive compensation as annual incentive plans were exceeded and long-term plans trued up in line with the Company’s performance. As mentioned last quarter, headwinds for the year include our entrance in the VRF market in North America. Our continued expansion in Residential and Commercial distribution and strategic investments in resources for continued market share gain momentum. More normalized weather in the summer could also be a year-over-year headwind and foreign exchange is now expected to be a negative impact as well. Just a few more guidance points, we still expect net interest expense for the full year of about $16 million. Our effective tax rate is still expected to be between 34% and 35% on a full year basis, and we are targeting $150 million in stock repurchases, and the weighted average diluted share count for the full year is expected to be approximately 49 million shares. We expect capital expenditures of $90 million as we continue to invest in the Company for growth. And finally to wrap-up, our 2014 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations remains between, $4.20 to $4.60. And now with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Question:
and:
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas : Hi, good morning everyone.
 Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning.
Rich Kwas : Just wanted to follow-up on the investment spending, I know you’ve got the facility in Mexico but you’ve also are expanding in distributing as well and distribution points. Any views on -- any color you could provide in terms of quantifying that impact here in the quarter? And then how should we think about that as we move through the year. Todd, I know you don’t quarterly guidance but any color around that would be helpful? Thanks.
 Wells Fargo Securities: Just wanted to follow-up on the investment spending, I know you’ve got the facility in Mexico but you’ve also are expanding in distributing as well and distribution points. Any views on -- any color you could provide in terms of quantifying that impact here in the quarter? And then how should we think about that as we move through the year. Todd, I know you don’t quarterly guidance but any color around that would be helpful? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: The color that we’ve given so far has been, on VRF we’ve said it’s a $3 million to $5 million investment for the year for us. And the net expense is going to be more first half of the year than second half of the year because we want revenue second half of the year to offset the expense. I think about that 3 to 5 is primarily first half of the year. The investments that we’re making in distribution, I think that’s in large degree a timing issue where our seasonally lowest quarter of the investments don’t have as much volume to cover it. And so I think for the balance of the year we’ll see some of that washout. Although, you didn’t ask and I’ll sort of talk about it, I mean, some of the other, the other headwind that we had for the quarter that we haven’t talked about and usually don’t mention is FX and FX that affected us was a decline in the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar and we had a negative two point impact from FX on revenue in the first quarter. And the headwind of EBIT of about 4 million or so on our earnings and so we now think on a full year basis we expect a one point negative impact on revenue and we’re taking actions to mitigate the impact on earnings based on FX for the balance of the year.
Rich Kwas : And then Joe what are you benchmarking in the Canadian dollar and Australian dollar right now what’s embedded battle in the guide?
 Wells Fargo Securities: And then Joe what are you benchmarking in the Canadian dollar and Australian dollar right now what’s embedded battle in the guide?
Joe Reitmeier: Well, right now, we’re holding our FX rates flat with where they’re currently and taking action as Todd said against where those current rates are.
Rich Kwas : Okay, great and then Todd, what’s -- I know that we’re only a few weeks into April here but what’s the yearly read so far what you’re seeing on the Residential market and then Commercial on the National Account side?
 Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, great and then Todd, what’s -- I know that we’re only a few weeks into April here but what’s the yearly read so far what you’re seeing on the Residential market and then Commercial on the National Account side?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re seeing solid business trends continue both in Residential and Commercial. You talk to our dealers and customers, I think people are optimistic. Replacement business has been strong and we expect new construction to gradually normalize moving into the spring and summer. Although you didn’t ask about Refrigeration I’ll talk about it. It remains soft and we expect that to be the case through the first half of 2014. We’re continuing to execute on the strategic initiatives that I talked about. So, April it’s early and June is the month for second quarters everybody knows, so we have 40% to 45% of our revenue. We need the weather to warm up, it was -- as pointed out -- I was listening on the radio on the way in. It’s going to be mid-50s, low-60s in Boston today. Two years ago it was 87 when the marathon was run and so we need some of that 87 Boston degree weather to come back.
Rich Kwas :  Okay, thank you. 
 Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay, thank you. 
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes of SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes : Thanks. I have two questions. First on the VRF initiative, will you be shipping in the second half of this year systems?
 SunTrust: Thanks. I have two questions. First on the VRF initiative, will you be shipping in the second half of this year systems?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Keith Hughes : And how long do you think that will take to ramp-up or it becomes the meaningful number for the Commercial segment?
 SunTrust: And how long do you think that will take to ramp-up or it becomes the meaningful number for the Commercial segment?
Todd Bluedorn: We talked about this back in December as we think over a five year period we can turn this into 100 million revenue business. And I think part of that, I think lot of that under our control but a big part of it Keith is going to be how fast the market grows because implied in that is that the market continues to grow over the next four or five years like it has in the past, three to five years, which is 20% to 25% a year. But we set 100 million in five years.
Keith Hughes : Do you think it’s a $500 million market right now?
 SunTrust: Do you think it’s a $500 million market right now?
Todd Bluedorn: We think it’s a $500 million market right now.
Keith Hughes : Right now. Okay. And second question. In Commercial as well, you were talking about low double-digit unit shipments in the quarter, is that correct?
 SunTrust: Right now. Okay. And second question. In Commercial as well, you were talking about low double-digit unit shipments in the quarter, is that correct?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Keith Hughes : Okay. Did you see -- was this any one specific end-user market or you saw some strong growth what’s across the board, any kind of color there would be great?
 SunTrust: Okay. Did you see -- was this any one specific end-user market or you saw some strong growth what’s across the board, any kind of color there would be great?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes I think what we’ve called out in the script was new construction was mid single-digits -- low to mid single-digits and replacement was up 20% and then we called out emergency replacement up over 20%. So I think it continues to be planned replacement with Nation Accounts continues to chug along. And then the initiative with emergency replacement with Raider and with the distribution, just as it did last year I think we’re off to a really fast start this year in that segment of the market.
Keith Hughes : Could that be weather -- the emergency replacement would be weather driven or is that or just a function of better -- your better operations?
 SunTrust: Could that be weather -- the emergency replacement would be weather driven or is that or just a function of better -- your better operations?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it is better operations.
Keith Hughes : Okay. Thank you.
 SunTrust: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Good. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer of Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer : Hey, good morning everybody. Could you talk just a bit about the modest diversions and trend on Commercial versus Refrigeration, I don’t know whether -- I don’t know whether geographic or product or what do you think causes the split there?
 Vertical Research Partners: Hey, good morning everybody. Could you talk just a bit about the modest diversions and trend on Commercial versus Refrigeration, I don’t know whether -- I don’t know whether geographic or product or what do you think causes the split there?
Todd Bluedorn: I think part of the -- well, one is this emergency replacement initiative that we have in Commercial has helped quite a bit. I think that’s one point on the Commercial side. I think the other point is just the segments that we’re in, in Refrigeration in North America, obviously our prime -- our largest exposures is to grocery and some of those customers have deferred some spending on their Refrigeration, but as we said in the script we think second half of the year we’ll see a bounce back in that market.
Rob Wertheimer : Okay. And then let me just ask about resi -- actually I don’t know if you’ve ever talked about it in great detail, but the driver for resi in the quarter heating versus cooling, are you able to say how much that was, whether the cooling business was as solid as the overall number?
 Vertical Research Partners: Okay. And then let me just ask about resi -- actually I don’t know if you’ve ever talked about it in great detail, but the driver for resi in the quarter heating versus cooling, are you able to say how much that was, whether the cooling business was as solid as the overall number?
Todd Bluedorn: We never spike it out that way Rob, I understand the question, but I’d anecdotally say that we saw strength across the enterprise as we have for the last couple of years and given where the revenue was up 10% of constant FX, it was an overall good quarter, so across the enterprise for Residential. Especially when you consider new construction, where we’ve always talked about, we have such strong share it was actually down mid single-digits, so for us to be up 10% overall, when new construction was down 5%, that means we had a really strong quarter in replacement.
Rob Wertheimer : Great. And then price was up as well as price mix in resi?
 Vertical Research Partners: Great. And then price was up as well as price mix in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Rob Wertheimer : Thank you.
 Vertical Research Partners: Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t know a Josh Pokrzywinski.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Me neither, although, I hear the name on a lot of conference calls.
 MKM Partners: Me neither, although, I hear the name on a lot of conference calls.
Todd Bluedorn: How are you Josh?
Josh Pokrzywinski : I am doing well, thanks. How are you guys?
 MKM Partners: I am doing well, thanks. How are you guys?
Todd Bluedorn: Good. Thanks.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Just back to the investment question, I know you guys don’t give quarterly guidance, but assuming there is some internal forecast. How did the quarter play out versus that? It seems like Residential top-line was a bit of an upside surprise. And with the tone on this investment spending seems like, none of it was a surprise all consistent with what you’d planned throughout the year. So I guess, first what was your take on the quarter relative to expectations going in?
 MKM Partners: Just back to the investment question, I know you guys don’t give quarterly guidance, but assuming there is some internal forecast. How did the quarter play out versus that? It seems like Residential top-line was a bit of an upside surprise. And with the tone on this investment spending seems like, none of it was a surprise all consistent with what you’d planned throughout the year. So I guess, first what was your take on the quarter relative to expectations going in?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we had a nice quarter. And we managed it, we really don’t get surprised on cost investments, we know what our costs are, and we know what investments we’re going to make and we guide to them in December and then we execute during the year. And so to me the variable within the quarter is execution, and we executed well than what the end-markets do. So if the tone appears to be everything one as we hoped and expected that’s right.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Excellent. And then just on the Commercial business, Europe a little more sluggish there seems to be an aberration versus where you guys had been. I think the past couple of quarters that it started to firm up. And it seems like Europe in general is turning as an economy. Is that -- does that affect the business...?
 MKM Partners: Excellent. And then just on the Commercial business, Europe a little more sluggish there seems to be an aberration versus where you guys had been. I think the past couple of quarters that it started to firm up. And it seems like Europe in general is turning as an economy. Is that -- does that affect the business...?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s just timing, I think if you look inside the business I think I touched or Joe and I touched a little bit on the script. We are up in Refrigeration in Europe and we were down in Commercial HVAC in Europe. And then we said something like it can be chunky, I think that’s code for we’re not such a big business in Europe HVAC and so depending on what some customers do we’re down to things can be pushed around. I think if you look at the trend line in Europe over the last two or three quarters, it continues to be going up and we’re -- that’s consistent with what our guide is for the full year for it to be up, I believe well single-digits is what we’ve called out.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Got you and that’s helpful. And then on price mix in Commercial being flattish, is that a function of price going one way and mix going another. Is there a competitive dynamics there? Is it different than the residential business, any color on how you expect that to play out, as the year unfolds?
 MKM Partners: Got you and that’s helpful. And then on price mix in Commercial being flattish, is that a function of price going one way and mix going another. Is there a competitive dynamics there? Is it different than the residential business, any color on how you expect that to play out, as the year unfolds?
Todd Bluedorn: No. We’ve been very good in our Commercial business over the last three, four, five years of getting both price and mix and we ended the year last year at 14% margins for the segment. And as you can imagine we probably make higher than that in North America getting sort of the footprint of our Europe business, so our team in North America is very good at getting price mix, with some very challenging customers, we do that through innovation and we’ll continue to do that in 2014.
Josh Pokrzywinski : Got you, alright, thanks guys.
 MKM Partners: Got you, alright, thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond of KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead.  
Jeff Hammond : Hey, good morning guys.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Jeff, how are you?
Jeff Hammond : Great, so just on price cost I mean it seems like we saw some relief in commodities but your guidance is unchanged, any room for upside there as we move through the year?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great, so just on price cost I mean it seems like we saw some relief in commodities but your guidance is unchanged, any room for upside there as we move through the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the big variable is going to be steel, second half of the year Jeff, I mean the copper as you know given our head strategy and aluminum were to a large degree baked and our guidance reflects that, I think the variable is going to be what happens with steel.
Jeff Hammond : And then FX, I mean should we expect kind of a similar top income headwind into 2Q and I think you mentioned some things that you’re doing to offset it, what are you doing exactly and how does that mitigate it.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then FX, I mean should we expect kind of a similar top income headwind into 2Q and I think you mentioned some things that you’re doing to offset it, what are you doing exactly and how does that mitigate it.
Todd Bluedorn: I think a high watermark will be first quarter in terms of negative FX unless things continue to move, but the issue is in Canada and Australia which are pretty big markets for us, the costs are denominated in U.S. dollars because we manufacture a lot of the products here, certainly for Canada and some for Australia but a lot of the costs even of where we buy things elsewhere denominated in U.S. dollars. And so then you sell into those markets, you get some headwind unless you’re able to get some price to offset your cost increases and that’s what we’re in the process of working through the system.
Jeff Hammond : Okay and then just Commercial replacement being up 20, is that an easy comp or seasonal weakness or building momentum in Raider and sustainable, just how should we think about that growth rate?
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay and then just Commercial replacement being up 20, is that an easy comp or seasonal weakness or building momentum in Raider and sustainable, just how should we think about that growth rate?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s a bit of a breathless number that I wouldn’t necessarily expect 20% plus for the entire year although we did something close to that last year. I do think a couple of things; it’s seasonally low quarter, so the percentage increases can look a little bit better. Also we didn’t really sort of get in the full swing of Raider last year until second quarter so I think it’s the last quarter where we have an easier comp, but all that being said, we feel great momentum in emergency replacement and Raider we just launched last week to larger unit so we now have a full product line of the Raider product line and so we’re excited.
Jeff Hammond : Okay, great, thanks guys.
 KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great, thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Nigel Coe : Thanks, good morning guys.
 Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Nigel.
Nigel Coe : Did you call out how the Residential market tracked during the quarter?
 Morgan Stanley: Did you call out how the Residential market tracked during the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: We did not call it out, I mean we called out what we did but we didn’t call out the market, it’s the industry numbers for March aren’t out yet so it’s really sort of hard to know.
Nigel Coe : Okay, great. And obviously we talk about the Commercial performance in North America in some depth, but one of your major competitors trend had some well publicized production issue, was there any benefit from that, even if only modest?
 Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And obviously we talk about the Commercial performance in North America in some depth, but one of your major competitors trend had some well publicized production issue, was there any benefit from that, even if only modest?
Todd Bluedorn: The honest answer is I don’t know, I mean we should have asked some of those questions to people in the field after we saw what Ingersoll Rand had to do, we had a very good quarter in Commercial in North America, especially considering the weather on new construction, without being sort of too acidic about it I mean I think it’s one mistake maybe amongst others and so we continue to win in the marketplace against…
Nigel Coe : Okay. That wasn’t too acidic. And then finally as you’re rolling out the – obviously being very successful, how do the productivity or same-store sales of the each incremental store compare, I mean are they comparable, are we seeing a slight attrition in the same-store sales, I mean how does it go from 160 to 210. Do you expect to have similar performance metrics?
 Morgan Stanley: Okay. That wasn’t too acidic. And then finally as you’re rolling out the – obviously being very successful, how do the productivity or same-store sales of the each incremental store compare, I mean are they comparable, are we seeing a slight attrition in the same-store sales, I mean how does it go from 160 to 210. Do you expect to have similar performance metrics?
Todd Bluedorn: So far we have, I mean the way I like to think about it is, the economics or the ramp-up curve of our last 20 stores are very similar to what they were 100 stores ago, so we haven’t reached diminishing returns on the incremental investment of the stores we put it in, so it continues to be a very good investment for us.
Nigel Coe : Okay great, thanks so much.
 Morgan Stanley: Okay great, thanks so much.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Samuel Eisner of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Samuel Eisner : Good morning everyone.
 Goldman Sachs: Good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn:  Hi. 
Joe Reitmeier: Good morning.
Samuel Eisner : Just a few cleanup questions here, regarding the move down to Mexico I was curious if there were any headwinds or inefficiencies associated with that move that may have shown up in this quarter?
 Goldman Sachs: Just a few cleanup questions here, regarding the move down to Mexico I was curious if there were any headwinds or inefficiencies associated with that move that may have shown up in this quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Not really much in this quarter, I think we’ll see a little bit more next quarter and second quarter, I mean we’ve brought some people on but really we’re going to see the inefficiencies for a while for a quarter or so is when we staff up and are sort of qualifying the product before we produce it, so we’ll see more second quarter but again that’s all anticipated by our guidance.
Samuel Eisner : Sounds good, and then regarding the guidance and the kind of guidance of corporate expense around 70 million or so, just curious how you guys are thinking, there’s about 60 million left for the course of the year, is that about 20 a quarter, I know you don’t give quarterly guidance, I’m just trying to understand may be from a timing issue of it’s more first half way to second half way at this point?
 Goldman Sachs: Sounds good, and then regarding the guidance and the kind of guidance of corporate expense around 70 million or so, just curious how you guys are thinking, there’s about 60 million left for the course of the year, is that about 20 a quarter, I know you don’t give quarterly guidance, I’m just trying to understand may be from a timing issue of it’s more first half way to second half way at this point?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the way to, to your point we don’t give quarterly guidance but the way I would do it if I were you is I’d look over the last two or three years and sort of, and plot them all out and then last year we talked about when we were so high in corporate expenses at 88 that a lot of that was or 18 million of it was incentive comp related and that was going to go away this year. And I think if you look at last year corporate expenses by quarter compared to the couple of prior years before I think it’s pretty obvious sort of where the spikes are at which first to fourth quarter is when we tend to take adjustments. And I think if you lay that out I think you can figure it out.
Samuel Eisner : And then just a follow-up on that I mean this year it was around 11 million change I mean that seems to be the lowest first quarter corporate expense in the last couple of years here. So just curious if there is something more to this year than just timing of incentive comp that’s impacting that expense line?
 Goldman Sachs: And then just a follow-up on that I mean this year it was around 11 million change I mean that seems to be the lowest first quarter corporate expense in the last couple of years here. So just curious if there is something more to this year than just timing of incentive comp that’s impacting that expense line?
Todd Bluedorn: No, that’s more than the 80-20 of what happens I mean there is always sort of timing of things of corporate expenses this year last year the next year but there was sort of no major structural change of things, it was as I suggested that and we continue to take term corporate expenses as we have since we’ve been here, and so continuing to take cost out is something that we do.
Samuel Eisner : Understood. And just one last question just on PartsPlus I think you opened about five new stores this quarter and you’re going to be doing about 25 for the remainder, I guess for the full course of the year. Just curious on the timing of all that, is that mostly in the middle part of the year during the selling season or is that phased out through the course of the year just curious on timing.
 Goldman Sachs: Understood. And just one last question just on PartsPlus I think you opened about five new stores this quarter and you’re going to be doing about 25 for the remainder, I guess for the full course of the year. Just curious on the timing of all that, is that mostly in the middle part of the year during the selling season or is that phased out through the course of the year just curious on timing.
Todd Bluedorn: Broadly speaking it’s linear. I mean and again if we’re doing 25 for the year and we did five in the quarter it’ll be some ramp-up during the balance of the year. But we have sales force sitting in our operational team here at headquarters and we sort of deploy the people do to it and really don’t have a search. We’re not like a retailer where everything has to be done by ThanksGiving we just implement them during the year.
Samuel Eisner : Understood, thanks so much. 
 Goldman Sachs: Understood, thanks so much. 
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is from the line of Drew Pierson of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Drew Pierson : Thanks and good morning. Hi, Todd so we had what looks to be the final resolution on the regional standards I just was hoping to get your color on that and then I guess specifically as you look into year-end if you guys would consider sharing us what 13 SEER inventory and through the 2015 grace period?
 J.P. Morgan: Thanks and good morning. Hi, Todd so we had what looks to be the final resolution on the regional standards I just was hoping to get your color on that and then I guess specifically as you look into year-end if you guys would consider sharing us what 13 SEER inventory and through the 2015 grace period?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, let me ramble a little bit Drew for those on the call who aren’t up-to-date on the latest regional standard rulings of the OE. As we now have sort of clear set of rules where minimum efficiency for air conditioners will go from 13 to 14 SEER in the south and the southwest and minimum efficiency for heat pumps is going to go from 13 to 14 SEER nationwide. And the way it’s being implemented as you suggested Drew is that OEMs must stop manufacturing the product by January 1, 2015 the distribution has an additional 18 months or until mid-2016 to sell through the 13 SEER product. We’re talking to our dealer contractors and our independent distributors to sort of see how they’re thinking about things. But directly to your point in our Lennox business which is about 80% of our residential segment, we have company-owned distribution and we don’t expect to pre-buy in fact there is not a pre-buy but rather a pre-build. And to directly answer your question as we in fact do plan to use some dollars to stock 13 SEER in our distribution locations in ’14, in 4Q 2014 for dealers to pull through over the next 18 months will be closer to them to be put our plans together we’ll sort of indicate exactly what that investment will be. In our alloy business which is about 20% of our Residential segment there we do expect to see some pre-buy from independent distributors in fourth quarter of 2014 and we’re not exactly sure yet what that looks like because all this is relatively new. And then again I would remind folks that we expect our OEM competitors that have a higher percentage of independent distribution than we do we’ll see more of a pre-buy dynamic from them as they sell to independent distribution in fourth so independent distribution then has product for the following year, year and a half.
Drew Pierson : Okay, thanks Todd, I appreciate that. And then lastly just quickly on price, obviously you’re rolling out the price increases. May be just a quick update on realization early in the season? Thanks.
 J.P. Morgan: Okay, thanks Todd, I appreciate that. And then lastly just quickly on price, obviously you’re rolling out the price increases. May be just a quick update on realization early in the season? Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: I mean it’s early and we feel confident of getting the price that we’ve committed to which is 10 million of price and we put it into system and we’ll go through the major part of the selling season and we’ll see how it goes. But we’re optimistic.
Drew Pierson : Okay, thank you very much.
 J.P. Morgan: Okay, thank you very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And the next question is a follow-up from the line of Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas : Okay Todd, just on the segments when you look at the three segments it seems like there is a fair level of comfort with Residential and there has been some noise in Commercial and I guess some more noise in Refrigeration. But if you look at the three segments for the year particularly on the margin front where do you feel most optimistic or on the reverse side where do you think there is the most risk particularly in delivery?
 Wells Fargo Securities: Okay Todd, just on the segments when you look at the three segments it seems like there is a fair level of comfort with Residential and there has been some noise in Commercial and I guess some more noise in Refrigeration. But if you look at the three segments for the year particularly on the margin front where do you feel most optimistic or on the reverse side where do you think there is the most risk particularly in delivery?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, I think it attracts my confidence on revenue. We talked about Refrigeration last year and in December and said we needed some additional volume to drive margin expansion there and we needed some tailwind to do that. And so far we haven’t had it this year. In Residential I feel very good about the end-markets as I talked about. And our Commercial business is a very good business, that’s our target margins are 14 to 16, they’re already at 14, they’ll continue to chug along and get margin expansion but again, I have less clarity in my own mind about what the markets are going to be, so in terms of confidence it’s Residential, Commercial and Refrigeration probably not ordering it’s tied to what the end-markets are going to do.
Rich Kwas : Okay, got it, thank you.
 Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, got it, thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And back to you gentlemen for closing remarks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks operator, a few points to leave you with, we’re focused on driving our strategic initiatives in ’14 including significant cost reduction and productivity programs and plans for continued market share gains. The year is off to a good start with the first quarter and we are well positioned for continued momentum. With our expanding distribution network and leading product portfolio we look forward to the seasonally strongest quarters of the year. I want to thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph William Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve L. Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2013. I'm here today with the Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, and Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. We would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. In 2013, Lennox International's strong business momentum continued. Revenue was up 8% and EBIT margin expanded 180 basis points to a record 9.4%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations rose 37% to a record $3.70, and GAAP EPS from continuing operations rose 35% to a record $3.55. Throughout 2013, growth was led by our Residential business, followed by growth in our Commercial business, which saw a strong pickup in the second half of the year. Both businesses continue to outpace industry growth in their respective end markets. In our Residential business, revenue is up 15% at constant currency and profit increased 75%. We continue to gain share in the North America Residential HVAC market in 2013, driven by strength in both Replacement and New Construction business. In addition, we captured price and we realized improved mix for the first time since 2010. In our Commercial business, revenue was up 7% at constant currency and profit increased 19%. Commercial growth was led by strength in National Account equipment and service, as well as from our strategic expansion in the emergency replacement market. In North America, our high single digit shipment growth significantly outpaced the commercial unitary market. Our North America revenue was up double digits for the year constant currency. And in the second half of 2013, we saw improvement in our European Commercial HVAC business, including strong double-digit growth in the fourth quarter. In Refrigeration, end markets' conditions remain choppy globally in 2013 and our revenue was down 1% at constant currency. But the team had strong operational execution, expanding margins 130 basis points to a record 11.7% and driving profit up 10%. Looking ahead, we expect top line growth to pick up in the second half of 2014 on the timing of existing programs and recently won new National Account business. Turning to the fourth quarter. The company's momentum continued. Revenue was up 10% at constant currency and EBIT margin expanded 200 basis points to 8.2%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.77, up 38% and GAAP EPS from continuing operations was 68% -- excuse me, $0.68, up 31%. In Residential, revenue was up 18% at constant currency and profit tripled from the prior year quarter. Trends remain strong in both Replacement and New Construction business. We believe cold weather in November and December was also a factor, with heating degree days up double digits in the quarter versus the fourth quarter of 2012. This likely pulled some furnace volume ahead into the fourth quarter from the first quarter this winter. In Commercial, revenue was up 13% at constant currency and profit rose 31% from the prior year quarter. Growth was strong across the board, in planned and emergency replacement and in new construction. National Account revenue growth was especially strong in the quarter, and on the new National Account front, we signed up 3 more to bring the total for the year to 18. National Account customers continue to select Lennox for our leading energy-efficient rooftops, advanced controls, outstanding distribution and delivery and customer support and service. In Refrigeration, market conditions remain challenging in the quarter. South America and Europe saw strong growth, while North America and Australia remained soft as expected. Refrigeration revenue was down 4% at constant currency, but profit rose 11% from the prior year quarter. At the Investor Community Meeting in mid December, I mentioned several strategic initiatives that we are excited about. In Residential, we are expanding our manufacturing facility in Mexico as we transfer certain furnace production there from the United States and insource sheet metal fabrication as part of our Mexico operations. We are making a USD 30 million investment in total over 2013 and '14 and are tracking to start furnace production in Mexico in the second half of 2014. By 2016, we expect USD 15 million in annualized savings from this initiative. In our residential distribution expansion, we're targeting 25 additional PartsPlus stores in 2014 to exit the year at 160. Our target for 2016 is to have at least 215 stores. In our commercial distribution expansion, we ended 2013 with 32 commercial regional and local distribution centers as planned, as well as increasingly leveraging the PartsPlus store locations. In 2010, the portion of the light commercial emergency replacement market we could cover with same-day delivery, a critical requirement for this market, was 20%. In 2014, it is 75%. This expansion and the success of our Raider rooftop systems are creating strong momentum for us in emergency replacement where we saw strong double-digit shipment growth in 2013. We are well positioned to continue to capture market share in 2014. I also mentioned at the Dealer Investment Community Meeting in December that we have partnered with Midea, the largest HVAC company in China, to launch Lennox-branded VRF commercial product in North America, leveraging Lennox company-owned distribution. It is early, but the team is coming together, and we're excited about this offering in the second half of 2014 for such a fast-growing market. 2013 was a strong year and the company is well positioned for 2014. With a solid balance sheet, a strong cash generation, we are well positioned to continue to invest in the business for growth, consider acquisitions that make sense in our core businesses and return cash to shareholders. We raised the dividend 20% in 2013, and we plan to maintain a competitive dividend that grows with earnings over time. We also repurchased $125 million of stock in 2013 and plan to repurchase $150 million in 2014. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph William Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $359 million, up 18%. Volume was up 18% and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis, with currency being neutral. Residential profit in the fourth quarter was $36 million, up nearly 200% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 10.2%, up 620 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs. Partial offsets in the fourth quarter this year included strategic investments in distribution expansion and warranty expense related to our usual end-of-year true-up. For the full year, Residential segment revenue was nearly $1.6 billion, up 15%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 13% and price and mix combined was up 2% on a revenue basis. Segment profit was $180 million, up 75%, and segment profit margin was 11.4%, up 390 basis points. Now turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. In the fourth quarter, commercial revenue was $213 million, up 13%. Volume was up 13% and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Currency was neutral. North America Commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue was up mid teens. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was up mid teens on a reported basis and up low double digits at constant currency. Commercial segment profit in the fourth quarter was $33 million, up 31%. Segment profit margin was 15.7%, up 220 basis points from the prior year quarter. Segment profit was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs, with partial offsets from higher SG&A and strategic investments in distribution. For the full year, commercial revenue was $844 million, up 8%. Volume was up 7% and price and mix combined was flat on a revenue basis. Currency had a positive 1% impact. Segment profit margin was $118 million, up 19%, and segment profit margin was a record 14%, up 130 basis points. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the fourth quarter was $178 million, down 7%. Volume was down 3% and price and mix combined was down 1% on a revenue basis, with currency having a negative 3% impact. From a regional perspective, in constant currency, South America revenue was up high teens, Europe was up high single digits, North America was down high single digits and Australia was down low double digits. Segment profit was $24 million, up 11% from the prior year quarter and segment profit margin was a record 13.3%, up 220 basis points. Segment profit was positively impacted by favorable price and mix and lower material costs, with partial offsets from lower volume and higher SG&A. For the full year, Refrigeration revenue was $772 million, down 2%. Volume was down 2% and price and mix combined was up 1% on a revenue basis. Currency had a negative 1% impact and segment profit was $90 million, up 10%, with segment profit margin a record 11.7%, up 130 basis points. Looking at special items in the fourth quarter. The company had after-tax charges of $4.3 million net, including $3.9 million related to asbestos litigation and $1.3 million from restructuring activities. For the full year, Lennox had after-tax special charges of $7.4 million net, including $3.4 million from restructuring activities. Corporate expenses were $32 million in the fourth quarter, up from the $16 million in the prior year quarter. For the full year, corporate expenses were $88 million, up from $60 million in the prior year, primarily on higher incentive compensation. Overall, SG&A was $146 million in the fourth quarter, up from $127 million in the prior year quarter. And for fiscal 2013, SG&A was $570 million, up from $570 million (sic) [$507 million] in the prior year, primarily from higher incentive compensation and volume-related selling expenses. Cash from operations was $210 million for the full year compared to $221 million in the prior year. Capital spending was $78 million in 2013 compared to $50 million in 2012 as we began the expansion in Mexico that Todd mentioned. Including $2 million from disposal of property, plant and equipment, free cash flow was $134 million for the full year compared to $170 million in the prior year. Looking at liquidity. Cash and cash equivalents were $38 million at the end of December. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.1x ending the year, currently at the low end of our target range of 1x to 2x. Total debt was $400 million at the end of the year. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2014. One month into the year, our market assumptions for 2014 remain the same as we discussed at the Investment Community Meeting in mid December. For the industry overall, we expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up mid single digits, we expect North American Commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits and we expect Refrigeration shipments to be flat globally in 2014 for the industry. Based on these market shipment assumptions, guidance for our revenue growth remains 3% to 7% for 2014 with a neutral impact from foreign exchange. There are several puts and takes we expect for 2014 as well. Most notably, we expect about $30 million of savings in our sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs, with most of the benefits starting after the first quarter due to the seasonality of our businesses and the timing of program cut-ins. We expect $10 million of favorable mix in Residential in 2014 and we expect $5 million of net benefit from price and commodities, with positive $10 million from price and a negative $5 million from commodities. Corporate expense is expected to be approximately $70 million in 2014, down from the $88 million in 2013 on lower incentive compensation year-over-year. Headwinds in 2014 include our entrance into the VRF commercial market in North America, our continued expansion in residential and commercial distribution and strategic investments in resources for continued market share gain momentum. More normalized weather in the summer would also be a year-over-year headwind for us. A few other guidance points. We expect net interest expense for the year of about $16 million. Our effective tax rate is expected to be 34% to 35% on a full year basis. We are targeting $150 million in stock repurchases, and the average weighted diluted share count for the full year is expected to be approximately 49 million shares. We expect capital expenditures of $90 million as we continue to invest in the company for growth. And to wrap up, our 2014 guidance for EPS from continuing operations remains $4.20 to $4.60. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Jeffrey Hammond representing KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just on the weather, you mentioned maybe some pull ahead, but obviously, the weather's been consistently cold here in the 1Q. I mean, are you hearing that from your customers or would you expect just this unfavorable weather just to support an above-average furnace season?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think the cold weather has helped us. But I think the timing of the weather, not as similar to what it is in the summertime is, we had cold weather early, we had it hard early. And as we talked about in the script, Jeff, we -- just part of the strength we saw in November and December, why we had such, for lack of a better phrase, blowout resi numbers and the industry did was -- I think some of the furnace sales that you would normally see in the first quarter were pulled forward in the fourth [ph] quarter. So net-net, cold weather helps us, but the early hard cold weather, I think, pulled volume from first quarter into fourth quarter.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just in general, as you talk -- I mean, I guess, as you think of your distribution and as you talk to your kind of non-Lennox brand and independents, I mean, what's kind of the feeling from an inventory perspective or people starting to get increased confidence and hold more inventory, or are things still pretty lean?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think things are still relatively lean as -- again, people are -- emptied their barns to a large degree on furnace inventory in fourth quarter and are sort of buying it as they need it, as we finish out with the furnace season. I think we'll really get a better sense on distributor confidence for our independent distributors as we get into February, March and we start to load up for the cooling season. I would tell you though, and I know you've been out talking to distributors and dealers, they all have short memories. And right now, everything in the short memory is good news. So they had a good cooling season, they're having a good heating season and they're pretty confident as we go into 2014.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. And then just finally, on Refrigeration, any signs or reasons for optimism, still pretty choppy there? And then, as you look at '14, '13 was great in terms of margin expansion on the flat revenues. Can that continue if revenues stay muted here into '14?
Todd M. Bluedorn: What we saw was Refrigeration was down 4% at constant currency in fourth quarter, and the global refrigeration market continues to be choppy. Overall, we expect it to remain fairly soft for the first half of 2014. Australia will likely be soft through the first of 2014 and we hope it will pick up a bit in the second half as there's greater clarity around the government's carbon tax law. In North America, we expect to see a pickup in supermarket business in the second half of '14 based on existing programs that we have in place in some newly won National Accounts. Europe had a strong fourth quarter and we think some of that momentum continues into '14, and South America remains strong. Specifically to the margin expansion question, I think the team did a great job on '13 on protecting margins on down revenue. I think it gets harder to do that in '14. I think we'll need some revenue to be able to expand margins in '14.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I just wanted to tie up some loose ends on the year. What do you think the market ultimately grew for Resi and Commercial unitary for the year now, for '13, looking back?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I'm looking to my help to the side. We think Resi -- when we look at AHRI numbers, we think unit volume was probably up 10%, 11%. And we think Commercial unitary market was probably up 2%, 3%.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And in the fourth quarter, how much did you -- sorry, I'm not sure if you said exactly -- what do you think the Commercial unitary market grew in the fourth quarter? How much did you outperform?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I don't think we've called it out, but let me look at the public numbers I have here on me. So we think -- this is Resi?
Joseph William Reitmeier: This is Commercial.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Okay. So we think, in Commercial, the industry was probably up 7%, 8%. And we think we're -- what we called out in our call is our revenue was -- in North America was up mid teens.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is that 7% to 8%? I mean, maybe Commercial is a little less seasonal than Resi, maybe it's not. Is that 7% to 8% -- does that indicate anything? Do you feel -- you're obviously still guiding to low single digit volume growth next year, and the term inflection gets turned around in this business like a lot. But is that an encouraging number? Is there something unusual about the compare? Or do you feel good that Commercial is finally picking up? Is there anything on the verticals too that you'd comment on?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we are -- I mean, look, when we have a strong a quarter as we did in Commercial, our revenue up 13% in fourth quarter, we're absolutely encouraged. But I'm also -- have been doing this long enough, and you've been following it long enough. As a couple of big customers buy in the quarter in Commercial and you can sort of drive up the volume, there's still lots of clouds on the horizon on the U.S. economy, which we all understand, I think, increasingly over the last week or 2. And so we think calling up low single digits is sort of appropriate. The Christmas selling season, I think, was okay. And when we talked our National Accounts, they're cautiously optimistic, but we'll see how '14 plays out. In Commercial, where we're excited, quite frankly, along with National Accounts -- but there's some emergency replacement initiative we have in place, continues to gain traction, the investments we've made in distribution and the product, and we think a lot of the share growth we had in '13 was from emergency replacement.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right, right. Okay. On the Midea JV, can you maybe outline what you think -- where you think those types of products can go as a kind of percentage of the market going forward? I mean, is it kind of a 5-year target of it being 10% of the market, or maybe just any kind of framework around how fast you think this new VRF stuff is going to grow?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, we're sort of high level. The way we think about it is the North America Commercial HVAC market, $7.5 billion, $8 billion market, about half of that is unitary, about 45% of that's applied. And we think, right now, about 5% of the total market is VRF. But it's been growing about 30% a year. We think that growth continues over the next 3, 4, 5 years. If you look in Europe and you look in Asia, out of the total commercial market, VRF is 25%, 30% of the market. I don't know if it ever gets quite that high in the U.S. for multiple reasons, but I think we could see this market of the total North America HVAC market being 20%, 25% of the market. We think most of that growth is going to come out of the traditional applied segment, and that's why we think this is a nice opportunity for us. We don't have the conflict that some of our applied competitors will have of trying to sell both products at the same time. So we think we can go after this full board, and it's going to take us -- it's going to take a while. And we think '14 is going to be an investment year. And when we think about first half of '14 and most specifically first quarter, we're going to be making investments in VRF and not quite having the revenue yet. And so that will post some headwinds for us early in first quarter in the year. But we think, on a full year basis, we'll start to get some returns from this. And over a multi-year time period, we think it's going to be good investment for us.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just remind me -- we're still learning about this product. Everybody is talking about it. It is a retrofit. You can retrofit existing applied installations?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes, okay. How are the price increases going so far? Anything stand out there on the acceptance of the price increases?
Todd M. Bluedorn: No. I think the momentum that we saw over the last couple of years continued. We announced in our Residential and Commercial business a 2% to 5% price increase effective January 15 of this year, and we continue to expect to get price. I think we guided and said we're going to get $10 million of price this year at a minimum, and that's what we're focused on.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, okay. And then one last question, just -- you talked a lot about the seasonality -- the seasonal pull-in in the fourth quarter. So what does that mean for the first quarter? I mean, do we -- you've given us your annual growth rates. I mean, does that suggest that the first quarter kind of growth rates are below obviously those annual growth rates because you pulled some stuff forward in the fourth quarter? Like could you just give us some frame reference so we can baseline ourselves on our model?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, we don't give quarterly guidance, but I'm trying as hard as I can to stay on my foot here. And while we've signaled some volume has been pulled forward, we talked about -- I talked about investments in VRF. I'd also talked about investments that we're making in the Mexico factory that won't ramp up until second half of the year. So we won't see -- we'll see a lot of the expenses first quarter and a little bit second, some second quarter, but we won't see the benefits until second half. And the $30 million of cost savings from our global sourcing, as we talked about on the December call, we think most of that is second half for the year. So yes, I -- we feel real good about 2014, but we have some headwinds in the first quarter.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. I just want to say -- we don't usually say this on conference calls, but congratulations to you. You've really done a great job there over the last several years, and it seems like a lot of these investments are paying off. And so congrats to you and best of luck in '14.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Great, thanks. Now you need to make us [ph] a buy, Steve.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Commercial, the margin at 14%, you finished the year. Your target is 14% to 16% by 2016. Seems like you've outperformed that with very little -- you outperformed or increased margins pretty nicely over the last years with little construction benefit. What are the headwinds to outperforming the high end of that range in '16? Just some color around that would be helpful.
Todd M. Bluedorn: We've always talked about these 3-year targets as sort of evolving over time and we raised them in December from where they were a year ago. We continue to execute and do the things we know we can do. I don't think there's any reason we can't get to the high end of those margins. Part of it will be the mix of the business. We make lower margins in Europe, and that's just -- structurally, it's a lower -- less profitable market than we do in the U.S. And so to agree that we outgrow Europe versus North America, that could have some impact on us. But our service business has nice margins. Our equipment business, whether its National Accounts or emergency replacement, we like the margins. So I tell you, internally, our team's focused on '16, quite frankly, rather than just sort of being in the midpoint.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the VRF investments are obviously going to have some headwind here early on within -- for '14, but the assumption is that you're leveraging that nicely by '15, '16.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Correct.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then, Joe, could you -- what was the number for replacement growth in New Construction on the Residential side in '13 full year?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Replacement growth for New Construction?
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. So your -- yes, replacement was up. You were giving -- because the quarters went on, you're giving replacement numbers that were up x, and then New Construction was up x, and so I don't know if you have that for the full year?
Todd M. Bluedorn: So that's total growth rates, yes. Okay. Again, I'm being handed expert notes to my right here. We think add-on or -- this is us or the market?
Joseph William Reitmeier: This is us.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Okay. Add-on and replacement year-over-year for us, we were -- we think up we're mid teens, 15%, 16%. In Residential and New Construction, probably 300 basis points below that 12%, 13%.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then the assumption within the guide for '13 -- or '14, is that the Resi New Construction piece, the growth is not significant as '13 and that the replacement side is still pretty good?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. There's unclarity around Residential New Construction. We didn't -- I don't think I explicitly called it out in December. I think what we're saying is the market is going to be mid single digits that new construction, to your point, is probably going to -- in our guidance, is going to be a little less than it was this year and then the balance will be our add-on replacement.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski from MKM Partners.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: So just on the Commercial piece, if we look at fourth quarter, can you parse out at all the strength in National Accounts versus kind of regular way business? And if you're able to identify what you think you gained on the emergency replacement side. Just trying to get a handle on -- if you look outside of the National Accounts business, maybe what's happening on an underlying basis in those light commercial markets?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. We saw strength everywhere, I think, is the best way I can say it. I mean, we saw New Construction was up double digits, emergency replacement was up double digits and planned replacement and just sort of normal National Account business was up almost double digits. So I mean, it wasn't that we had a huge National Account order to skew it. We saw sort of strength across the board. And I -- we think part of that, quite frankly, was market, but we think a lot of it was our initiatives, and we think we gained share in fourth quarter.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Got you, that's helpful. And maybe this is too much granularity versus what you have in front of you, but is there any difference -- smaller product versus large or is that kind of universal?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I don't have the detail in front of me. But I've looked at the detail, and the answer is it's across the board. Again, it's not skewed towards large tonnage or small tonnage. Obviously, emergency replacement, given our product line, tends to be 5-ton product and we did well there. But then our larger National Accounts, which can be 20-, 25-ton, we did well there also.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Got you. Okay. And then just one last one for Joe, did I hear corporate expense right at $70 million?
Joseph William Reitmeier: That's correct. That's what we anticipate for 2014.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. Kind of surprised that you're actually seeing incentive comp go down with the big earnings ramp again. Any chance that, to the extent that this like low-single digit outlook for Commercial turns out to be conservative, that we see an outsized ramp in that number? Or is that going to be pretty stable within a small range kind of regardless?
Joseph William Reitmeier: Yes, we think it will be pretty stable within a small range. And with respect to your comment on incentive comp, we sort of recalibrate targets, et cetera, brings it back in. So quite frankly, I hope we're sitting here next year talking about that we have higher incentive compensation once again.
Operator: Our next questions from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So just wanted -- maybe just to clarify the comments on pricing, could you just maybe talk about the industry? And what do you see in terms of price actions from your competitors? And how has the reaction been from your distribution and dealer network?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Just like we saw in '13, we're seeing sort of competitors follow/lead. We've seen price increases from York and Rheem and Trane and Carrier. And we expect Goodman/Daikin to continue to push price like they did in 2013. So I think it's all as you would expect in a market that's increasing and going up where there is a discipline like -- or consolidated competitor base like there is here in North America that you're able to see prices go up, and that's what we expect.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Helpful. And then can we just -- you mentioned that the environment for new build this year is a bit more uncertain than last year, which is understandable. How was the mix between new build and replacements look between Resi and non-Resi right now?
Todd M. Bluedorn: In Resi, it's 80% add-on and replacement and 20%, maybe 25% New Construction, depending on what number you want to pick for '14. In our Commercial businesses, it's 70% add-on and replacement, maybe 65%, and 30%, 35% New Construction.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's a much higher mix of New Construction than I expected. I mean, how do that look in a normal cycle?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think that's about right. I mean, I think in our Commercial businesses, given the verticals that we're in, with such a high exposure to retail, that there's a tendency to rip -- down hold [ph] retail and put in new retail. And so I think you see more New Construction maybe in those -- in some of the verticals we play than what you would if you're playing in high-rise office buildings, for example.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then Todd, you seem to paints [ph] to talk about some of the headwinds in the first half of the year, and VRF come up a number of times in the Q&A so far. But can you maybe help us scale the kinds of investments you see for VRF in 2014 and how that looks sort of in the first half of the year?
Todd M. Bluedorn: So our total annual investment will be $23 million and $5 million for the year. And the second half of the year, we'll have revenue and profit offset, that first half of the year, we're making investments with no returns.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Got it, got it. And then just a couple of quick ones before I pass it on. You mentioned the debt-to-EBITDA ratio is towards the low end of your target range, I think some 1.1x gross debt-to-EBITDA. How do you about the balance sheet? I mean, obviously, you’ve returned a lot of capital to shareholders. But what would gate to the 2x? Would that be an acquisition? Or could you think about maybe raising some leverage to return more cash?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think over the medium and long term, we should be closer to 2x than to 1x. And I think as everyone on the call understands, this is sort of the -- we're flushing cash at the end of fourth quarter and then we start spending in first quarter as we get ready for the season. So it's naturally going to head back up to some more investments in the business. But we'll watch and sort of gauge, and we've said at a minimum we're going to do $150 million of share buyback this year. We've talked about the dividend being competitive. So as we have over the last 6, 7 years, we'll get it back to shareholders if we don't do acquisitions. We want to keep some powder available. If the right acquisition came along, we certainly want to do it. But in lieu of that, we're going to give it back to shareholders.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, great. And then final question on -- just want to dig a bit deeper on the Refrigeration margins. Obviously, to expand operating income with down revenues is not easy. But what are we seeing there? Are we seeing the benefits from low raw materials? Did we see a little bit of benefit from the warranty true-up towards the end of the year? I mean, how did you spend margin so well in that business?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we continue, as we have the last couple of years, an aggressive focus on material cost reduction. For the size of their business, they sort of overdelivered on material cost reduction within our corporation. We had some commodity tailwind. And we also did a nice job in our Australia business. We've talked about -- in our Australia business, we've sort of grown our refrigerant segment of the marketplace and had some low cost refrigerant that we were able to sell into the marketplace. And so we did a nice job in Australia to help drive margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Liptak with GHS.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Wanted to ask sort of a general question on the guidance for 2014, the range. It's a pretty large. I wonder if you could just give us some color on how you're viewing the high end of the range versus the low-end? [indiscernible]
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. Thanks, Walter. I think I heard the question. You broke up on the call. So I think the question was the guidance range and spread in the guidance range. I think the variable is going to be the marketplace. I think our visibility to execute on our initiatives is pretty clear and reasonably tight. I think the variable is going to be do what the market does. And I think when you look at our revenue guidance and our earnings guidance, they're sort of roughly tied together. If we get to the high end of the revenue, we'll drive the high end of the EPS growth.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just a follow-up. I think you already answered this. But in your -- when you were talking about the outlook, you talked about -- you commented more normalized weather, it's a headwind. I just want to make sure that, that was referring to the achievement in the first quarter that pulled into the fourth?
Todd M. Bluedorn: The -- again, I'll restate your question in case others couldn't hear it. As -- in the script, Joe -- I think it was Joe who talked about and maybe even me talked about normalized weather as a headwind in 2014. We actually weren't talking about first quarter. I did a lot of other things to talk about first quarter. The normalized weather Joe's talking about is the summer selling season. That '13, although cooler than it was in 2012 from a weather point of view, was still historically a very high year. And so if we get back to more normalized summer weather in 2014, that would create a year-over-year headwind for us in the cooling season. And so -- but again, that's encompassed by the guidance that we gave in December and reiterated today that a normal summer creates some headwind.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Glenn Wortman with Sidoti.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Yes. Just on the commercial market [indiscernible] some of your end market assumptions are accurate, and then just give [indiscernible] in distribution thereafter do you expect [indiscernible] margins to be up in '14?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Glenn, it's not your fault, but it's breaking up. I think your question was -- I couldn't tell what your question was. Maybe take one more shot at it?
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just first of all, [indiscernible] directionally, just given your market [indiscernible] investments you're making in distribution, do you expect the second part to be up in '14 [indiscernible]
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. The question, I'll repeat for other, is, given the investments we're making in '14 in Commercial, do we still expect segment margins to be up? And the answer is yes. I mean, even with the investments I talked about in VRF, even with the markets being up low single digits, we think, given the productivity initiatives we have in place and the continued investments we have and premium product and the mix-up effect, that we can continue to drive margin expansion in 2014 in Commercial.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And second, if you could share what you are hearing [ph] from your National Account customers on planned replacement for '14.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Again, the question, for those who couldn't hear it, was what are we hearing from our National Account customers on planned replacement in 2014? The answer is cautious optimism. I mean, the Christmas selling season was okay. It wasn't great. And when we talked to large of our -- large National Accounts, they're cautiously optimistic. And again -- so the business is getting booked, and we're putting it into our plans. But the way it works at National Accounts is they give you the signal, they give you the signal, and as long as the economy continues to roll, then they take the shipments. If the economy gets off-track, they slow things down. But as we stand right now, National Accounts are sending us positive signals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jim Krapfel with Morningstar.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I may have missed this, but what was your replacement versus New Construction growth in Residential in the quarter?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We're digging into the notes. I think I gave full year numbers, I'm not sure. In fourth quarter, add-on replacement was up over 20%, and Residential New Construction was up mid teens.
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Okay. And second question, your mid-single digit growth in industry Residential units arguably is conservative. It seems that you're assuming the replacement market growth rate drops meaningfully. Can you provide your thoughts on that? And is that mostly a function of much of the pent-up replacement demand being released in 2013?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I mean, I think if you do the math, I think about the math this way. If you think the market's 20% Residential New Construction, and I already, on one of the answers, said we think the growth is going to be less than it was this year. So just say it's up 10%, so that means it's 2 points of growth from Residential New Construction, then that means the balance of the growth has to come from add-on or replacement. And so if add-on replacement's up 2 or 3 points on the 80% of the market, you're up to 5% total market growth. So I don't think we're saying it's going to be down even in our guidance. We're sort of seeing like...
James Krapfel - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes, just a slowing?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. I -- and again, I hope we're wrong and I hope it's up more, but we had a great year. The market had a great year in 2013. We're sort of factoring in that's going to be a cooler summer. We're factoring in some of the overhang and some of the concerns we have on the economy.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Jeffrey Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you could size your controls business. And I was wondering if you thought you might spin that out or sell it to Google.
Todd M. Bluedorn: That's a hell of a question to end the call with. I'm not going to size it and you know that. But give me -- maybe I can give a serious answer to a tongue-in-cheek question. It's not -- the obvious answer from our perspective is we're in the home comfort business in Residential and we're not in the controls business. Controls helps us drive home comfort. But I think this Nest acquisition by Google is a good thing for us and for the industry, because I think it's really raised the profile and continues to raise the profile of the importance of controls. And that's a good thing for us because we have the best controls system in the market in icomfort Wi-Fi. And anytime we're in a conversation with the homeowner about premium controls, we love that conversation, and that's a heck a lot better conversation to have than who has the lowest-priced 13 SEER. So we think it's a great thing, and we're glad it happened and it raises profile and we think it plays to our strength.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Have you spent much time looking at their technology relative to yours and others in the industry and how might that be the same or different?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. We spent a lot of time looking at it. So I'm going to answer and try not to get too far in the weeds. Couple of things, they're a great marketing company and that's what you'd expect from the Apple guys. I mean, the technology is not breathtaking, but they're a very good marketing company and they've made it very simple. I think the fundamental difference between Nest and our controls is our controls are what are called communicating controls, which means we have boards on our units, the outdoor unit, the air handler, the furnace in the attic, that all communicate to our thermostat, and you can derive prognostic and diagnostics and information on the system that you can only do if you have that communicating control capability. Nest is not a communicating control. It's sort of a thermostat that's on the wall, that can send signals to the -- to each of the pieces of equipment, but doesn't read information from them. And so it can develop algorithms to control the system, but it can't react in a dynamic way with what the system's telling them. And our ability to do that allows us to be unique. It allows us to do prognostic, diagnostics, allows the dealer to install it easier, it makes it better for the consumer. I think we can learn from Nest about the former Apple guys are world-class at user interfaces, make it simple, make it easy. And I think we'll continue to make that better, although I think we're pretty good now. But this ability to communicate with our unit separates us from Nest. And again, we've always said that our applications are agnostic, that at the end of the day, we don't think Lennox is going to control the home. There's going to be somebody somewhere, whether it's Google, whether it's Apple, somebody who's going to have the home user interface for everything. And we're fine with that because again, our ability to do prognostics and diagnostics and communicate with the units, we can feed into whatever user interface the consumer wants, although I'd argue our thermostat on the walls are a pretty good one. Good. I think that's the last question, operator. So a few points to leave everybody with. 2013 was a year of strong revenue and record earnings growth. We continue to make key investments for the future. Momentum continued in the fourth quarter with 18% Residential and 13% Commercial revenue growth and significant margin expansion across our businesses. Looking ahead, the company remains strategically well positioned to capitalize on growth on our major end markets, capture additional market share and drive increased profitability through our operational initiatives in 2014. I want to thank everyone for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation and using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-21 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph William Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division James Picariello - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Q3 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, today's call is being recorded. With that being said, I'll turn the conference over to the Vice President of Investor Relations, Mr. Steve Harrison. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve L. Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2013. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses in discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link of the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. We like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Community Meeting. It will be the morning of Wednesday, December 18, in New York City. Please mark your calendars. Invitations and more details will follow. The event will also be webcast. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. The company's strong business momentum continued in the third quarter with 8% revenue growth at constant currency and earnings per share from continuing operations up 34% from prior year quarter. Both adjusted and GAAP EPS from continuing operations were $1.30, which set a new record for GAAP EPS for Lennox International. Total segment profit margin expanded 190 basis points and also set a new record at 11.9%. The company's growth continue to be led by our Residential business, but we also saw an acceleration in our Commercial business in the third quarter, and Residential revenue is up 13% at constant currency and segment profit grew 51%. New construction revenue was up high-single digits. And for the second quarter in a row, we were pleased to see Replacement business grow even faster at 13%. As most of you know, Replacement business contributes more than 75% of Residential segment revenue and has a richer product mix than new construction. For a third quarter in a row, we saw a step up in 14-plus year shipments from the prior year quarter. These high-efficiency systems were 38% of Residential cooling product shipments in the third quarter, up 3 points from the third quarter a year ago. Within minimum efficiency 13 SEER equipment shipments, low-end R-22 equipment continued to trend down from a year ago. Replacement revenue growth was strong in the third quarter despite cooling degree days being down a double-digit percentage from last year in the key summer months of July and August. We continue to see some of the pent-up demand, built up over the last year, start to flow back and contribute to robust Residential growth. However, I would note that pent-up demand relates to cooling products as a result of elevated repair rates on compressor bearing units over recent years. Gas furnaces are typically replaced and not repaired. So we do not expect to see the same impact from pent-up demand in the winter months as we have seen in the summer months. What we do expect to see through the winter, however, is ongoing market share gains as we continue to win dealers over to Lennox with our expanded distribution network, innovative HVAC systems and controls, and strong dealer support. The fourth quarter is off to a solid start. In our Commercial business, revenue is up 8% at constant currency and profit was up 21%. Segment margin had a record 16.4%. In North America, revenue was up double digits at constant currency in the third quarter. As expected, we realized a pickup in National Account equipment revenue growth on the strength of new National Account business. We continue to win in the marketplace with 29 new National Accounts last year and 15 more so far this year, including 9 in the third quarter. Our Lennox National Account Services business continue to see a specially strong growth as we leverage our National Account relationships. In the emergency replacement market, we continue to see good momentum from our new product, Raider, as well as from our expanded distribution footprint as we attack this $1.4 billion market segment opportunity. In Europe, our Commercial HVAC business was up for the first time in a year, despite the soft market conditions still in that region. Revenue was up low-single digits at constant currency. In Refrigeration, revenue was down 2% at constant currency and profit was down 5%. Refrigeration continued to experience soft market conditions in Europe with revenue down mid-single digits at constant currency. In Australia, we have seen the economy slow in the third quarter. And after latest Australian election and government changeover, lawmakers have drafted legislation to repeal the carbon tax in that country. We have experienced a slowdown in our refrigeration wholesale business in that country, including in our refrigerant operations. Australia revenue was down low-double digits at constant currency in the third quarter. In North America, revenue was up slightly but continued to be negatively impacted by pushouts from supermarket customers. Previously, we expected a pickup in North America shipments in the second half of 2013, but we now expect this business to fall into 2014. In emerging markets for Refrigeration, we continue to see strong growth. South America revenue was up double digits and China was up well over 50% at constant currency. Before I turn it over to Joe, let me update you on a couple of our strategic initiatives. In Residential, we added 3 new Lennox PartsPlus stores to our distribution network in the third quarter and are on track with plans to add a total of 28 of these wholesale stores this year. We now have 130 PartsPlus stores and it continued to be one of the keys to the success we are seeing in our Residential business. Within these stores, about 3/4 of the sales are HVAC equipment and 1/4 of the sales are parts and supplies. In our commercial distribution expansion, we now have 31 regional and local distribution centers as we continue to invest to provide the high level of same day/next day delivery that customers require for emergency replacement. We are on track with our plans to have at least 32 commercial distribution centers in place by the end of this year. In addition, we are often leveraging PartsPlus stores for smaller commercial rooftop units like our new Raider product for the emergency replacement market. While it's still early, we are pleased with the momentum we're seeing with Raider in serving the emergency replacement market. In the third quarter, we continue to invest in the business, introducing new products and expand Residential and Commercial distribution, as well as return cash to shareholders. We paid $12 million in dividends and repurchased 33 million of stock in the quarter. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 66 million of stock. For the full year, we are raising our stock repurchase guidance from 100 million to 125 million, including plans to repurchase 59 million in the fourth quarter. Currently, we have 305 million remaining under our existing stock repurchase authorizations. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph William Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional financial details and comments on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $434 million, up 12%. Foreign exchange had a negative 1-point impact on revenue growth, volume was up 9%, combined price and mix was up 4%, with both price up and mix up. Residential profit in the third quarter was $57 million, up 51%. Segment profit margin was 13.1%, up 330 basis points from the prior year quarter. Residential results were positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs with partial offsets from higher SG&A and investments in our distribution expansion. Commercial Heating & Cooling segment revenue in the third quarter was $239 million, up 9%. Foreign exchange had a positive 1-point impact on revenue growth, volume was up 8% and combined price and mix was flat. Commercial segment profit in the third quarter was $39 million, up 21%. Segment profit margin was a record 16.4%, up 160 basis points from the prior year quarter. Commercial results were positively impacted by higher volume and lower material costs, with partial offsets from higher SG&A and investments in our commercial distribution expansion. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the third quarter was $195 million, down 4% from the prior year quarter. Foreign exchange had a negative 2-point impact on revenue growth, volume was down 2% and combined price and mix was flat. Refrigeration segment profit was $24 million, down 5% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was flat at 12.3%. Refrigeration results were impacted by lower volume and SG&A investments with partial offsets from lower material costs and productivity initiatives. Looking at special items after-tax in the third quarter, the company had $700,000 for the net change in unrealized gains on unsettled futures contracts and a gain of $100,000 for other items net, partially offset by a $500,000 special legal contingency charge. SG&A was $137 million in the third quarter compared to $126 million in the prior year quarter on higher selling expenses and higher incentive compensation expense. Corporate expense was $17 million in the third quarter, up from $14 million in the prior year quarter. Cash from operations was $153 million in the third quarter, up from $75 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was $18 million compared to $12 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow in the third quarter was $136 million, up from $63 million in the third quarter a year ago. Total debt was $435 million and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.3 ending the quarter within our targeted range of 1x to 2x. Cash and cash equivalents were $38 million at the end of September. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our current outlook for 2013. For the industry, we continue to expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up high-single digits for the full year. We still anticipate North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single digits for the industry in 2013. And we continue to expect Europe HVAC and Refrigeration markets -- market shipments to be down low-single digits for the full year. Obviously, we are in an environment of high political and economic uncertainty. But based on the company's performance year-to-date and current outlook, our guidance for 2013 revenue growth remains 6% to 8% with a neutral impact from foreign exchange on a full year basis. We now expect Residential product mix to be flat for the full year versus our prior year guidance of a negative $5 million. We now expect a $35 million benefit from price and lower commodity cost for the full year versus $30 million previously. However, these 2 favorable adjustments to guidance are largely being offset by the choppiness we are seeing in the Refrigeration markets, which is presenting more of a headwind than expected in our previous outlook. We continue to be on track for approximately $30 million material cost savings for the year through a combination of sourcing initiatives and engineering-led cost reductions, and we are still -- and we still expect corporate expenses of approximately $85 million for 2013. Incorporating third quarter results, we are raising the low end of our 2013 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $3.45 to $3.75 to a new range of $3.50 to $3.75. GAAP EPS from continuing operations guidance moves from a range of $3.38 to $3.68 to a range of $3.43 to $3.68. To wrap up with a few other guidance points for 2013, we continue to expect net interest expense of approximately $15 million for the full year. Our tax rate is still expected to be between 34% to 35% on a full year basis. Our fully diluted share count for 2013, overall, is still expected to be approximately 51 million shares. And for capital spending, we continue to target approximately $60 million in 2013. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And first we'll go to Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, specifically within Commercial, where was the strength on renovation, was it new construction? And just any kind of details there. And also, in Residential, have you seen any changes in your business here in October in terms of the pace of growth given all the events that's been in the news in the last several weeks?
Todd M. Bluedorn: First, on Commercial. Our mix of business, as you know, Keith, is 2/3 Replacement and that was the trend that we saw in third quarter. So the growth is in planned Replacement. As well as in emergency replacement, we saw good growth with Raider and the investments we've made there, both in product and distribution, paid off. So it was Replacement growth. In terms of Q4, we continue to win in the marketplace and on Residential, and we're off to a solid start. As I mentioned in the call, pent-up demand is primarily an air conditioning, heat pump event, not a furnace event. And we sell, as a percentage of our mix, more of those in the summertime. So we won't see -- I don't think we'll see the same kind of pent-up demand unleashed in the fourth quarter, but we're off to a solid start.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on price cost and as you think about commodity improvement next year. Just remind us where you are with your hedging activity? And then it seems like you haven't seen the full benefit from lower commodity costs that were realized earlier in the year. So I know it's early for '14 but just conceptually, how should we start thinking about that?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Our hedging program, as you know, Rich, is we are hedged on copper and aluminum, and we're hedged 50 -- about 50% for purchases 12 months out, this is the way to think about it. So yes, there's some lower cost hedges that are flowing through our books than there were this time a year ago. But I think at the same time, I would point out that steel pricing is trending up and we think that will be some headwind as we go into next year. In terms of sort of the broader price cost equation, this industry -- and we have done a good job over the last couple of years, most specifically this year, of being able to get price to offset commodity increases during the cycle. And we expect we'll do something very similar as we go into 2014, announce a price increase and pass on to customers to offset steel increases, freight increases, cost increases we have in our businesses.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then -- so as you think about '14, I mean, with this level of the magnitude of the spread this year, is it fair to say that you're going to try to offset the higher costs depending on what steel does here going forward, but then there's going to be some benefit coming through. So net-net, something similar is potential for next year in terms of the spread benefit or is there -- is that just -- would that be too optimistic?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think, we'll tighten up the guidance in December, I'm not trying to be too cute with you. But we'll sort of play that out a little bit as we get closer to the December on that particular point. I think, the message I would leave you with is we're committed to getting price in 2014 just like we did in 2013. Other things I'd put in the model is on our -- commodity cost to the side, our material cost reduction efforts, we're going to get plus or minus $30 million this year. I would use that as a placeholder for next year as our material cost reduction program continues to play out. The kind of mix benefits that we got this year, I'd expect us to continue to drive mix in 2014 with all the investments that we've made.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last quick one. Just on non-res, are you seeing any signs on the construction side of increased quoting activity? There's been some chatter out there amongst some companies that things have started to pick up. So just curious what you're seeing on your front?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Sort of on the margins, I mean, as I said to Keith earlier, I mean, at least in our Commercial business, we -- our Commercial business, as we've seen it in the Replacement side of the business, the new construction maybe percolating a bit but corporates are still, and many of our customers, most specifically in the grocery segment of Refrigeration, are a little cautious right now about new investments.
Operator: And next we'll go to Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research Partners.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Quick question on the share buyback, which was up a little bit, especially a little bit of extra weighed into 4Q. Is that any kind of indicator as to your view on the attractiveness of the acquisition environment or is that just business as usual until and unless something were to happen?
Todd M. Bluedorn: The second, it's business as usual, something -- in case -- until something happens. I mean, in a more positive way, I would talk about it as we had a really good cash quarter. And so as we've said about we're -- I'm never embarrassed to give -- we're never embarrassed to give cash back to our owners, and so we thought it was just prudent and sort of almost housekeeping event of raising it sort of in line with what we over delivered in a very good summer quarter.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Great. And it was great quarter. One of the things we struggled to model a little bit is the corporate and other line, which has bounced a little bit around, it was down this quarter. I think the implied guide is up next quarter. Is there anything -- can you maybe explain the volatility in that line a little bit, I had thought maybe we stepped up to a higher level the last couple of quarters and then this one was lower.
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we were still up year-over-year in third quarter. We may not have been as high as what you had in your model, but I think we are up. I mean, fourth quarter is going to be a big corporate expense quarter for us and if you sort of do the backward math, it's $25 million, $30 million in fourth quarter. And this is primarily related to higher incentive comp in our annual plans, as well as our long-term plans, and we're triggering higher incentive comp. Q4 tends to be a true up quarter for us. The honest answer is sort of year-over-year, it bounces around because of STI and LTI, or short-term incentive and long-term incentive. But full year, the guidance is $85 million, and I think that's consistent with what we said on the last call.
Operator: And next we'll go to Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just back on the price cost and sourcing benefits for this year. I understand some of those are getting diluted by the Refrigeration headwinds, but I would have thought we would have seen a little bit more margin expansion, particularly in resi, off that growth this quarter. Is that somehow weighted more to 4Q or was there more investment in these PartsPlus stores kind of sequentially that was diluting that? I guess, just any color there or any timing there in for fourth quarter would be helpful as well.
Todd M. Bluedorn: No. I mean, I guess, I just struggle a little bit with the premise, Josh. I mean, I know maybe it didn't tie to your model, but we thought resi had a great quarter with earnings up 15% and margins up dramatically and commercial same-same. And then in Refrigeration, even in some tough end markets and revenue of constant FX down 2%, they had constant margins on a year-ago basis. So I'd argue that we're seeing the kind of incremental drop-through that people had expected and certainly what we'd committed to, and we saw that in third quarter. And I think if you project out our guidance, we'll see it in fourth quarter.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. I guess, just the way I was looking at it though was versus 2Q in Residential, it looked like a normal seasonal progression in the margin kind of the step down quarter-to-quarter. And if I had remembered it right, it seemed like a lot of those benefits on sourcing and price cost were weighted to the second half. Is that true? Or did I miss something there?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think you broadly had it. But again, I think we'll see some more of those material -- if that's your question, we'll see some more of those material cost reductions in fourth quarter. But yes, were still committed to the 30% -- $30 million sourcing cost reduction, where 2/3 of it or so in the second half of the year.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And as you guys think about the pricing environment heading into next year, I know fourth quarter is usually an announced price increase. Do you think the appetite for prices is still there in the market with commodities being flattish I think on net and demand, maybe on a macro basis, being a little anemic maybe outside of Residential markets. Do you still feel like you should prosecute price for '14?
Todd M. Bluedorn: As I said earlier, I think, well, let me wrestle you down on the premise. Our Commercial business was up 8%-ish in the third quarter so -- and we're sort of getting momentum on planned Replacement and the emergency replacements. I think the Commercial market's picking up a little bit, certainly the parts of the market we see in Residential strength, I think continues. Also on commodities, I think copper is probably a tailwind as we sit right now. But I think steel is definitely a headwind. And so, as I said earlier, yes, short answer is, we need to get price in 2014. And I think we'll play out in a similar way to what we did in '13 announced something going into the year and capture it. And I think the industry has done that in the past and we plan on doing it in 2014.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then just one last one for me. You guys have talked in the past, I think, over the past several years about thinking about Lennox as a whole, as levering up with incremental margins kind of in the low-20s all in. With the sourcing benefits you've put in place and the PartsPlus expansion and certainly getting more of a market tailwind here, how should we think about that structurally today and over the next several years? Does that number shift more into the high-20s approaching 30 or are there other items that we should be thinking about?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Last December, when we gave a sort of a 3-year look on the business, the implied drop through was closer to 30 than it was to 20. And so I would have said a year ago in December when I talked, I would have said use 30% in any medium-term model. We'll give a updated view of that when we're together in December.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And in the line of Walt Liptak with Global Hunter Securities.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the comment on the R-22 trending down. I wonder if you could talk about is it cost related or is it sales effort towards more system sales?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think it's all of the above. The R-22 sale, really, is driven by -- or really driven to a consumer who just can't afford to do what's right for himself sort of on an MPV basis and are just managing short-term cash flow. And as consumer confidence has trended up and people are feeling better about the economy in 2013 than they did back in 2011, we've sort of seen the mix up and the system sales go together to help drive down R-22. And part of that is the market, part of that are clear actions that we have taken, as we talked about, 18 months ago that we were going to do around our marketing mix and how we position the product and how we sold them product. Things like introducing icomfort Wi-Fi our control system that ties together a whole system to really sort of drive system sales, is a big part of what we're doing. But also it's because R-22, as we get closer to the formal obsolescence of virgin production, it's harder and harder, I think, for dealers to make that sale to consumers. And so the -- and third quarter, it was under 10% and sort of heading down.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Great. And if I can switch gears and just ask about your outlook for Refrigeration in 2014. And I think you're looking for a pickup, what's that based in?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think it's conversation with our customers, in some of our large grocery customers, and our dialogue and conversation with them of sort of pushing things out and moving into 2014. And when we get into the December call, we'll give a little bit more color on that. But I think more than anything, I'm sending a signal that -- on the last call I talked about being second half of '13, I think it's more likely the pickup is going to be '14.
Operator: The next question is from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
James Picariello - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: This is James Picariello calling in for Jeff. Just a question about Europe. What you guys -- I know it's a smaller piece of the pie, but what you guys are seeing out of Europe? And also if you could just flesh out your comment on the choppiness in emerging markets, particularly what the cadence was in Europe from July through October or September, October?
Todd M. Bluedorn: First, I'll answer the second part of your question first. In emerging markets, we had great success, Brazil up double digits and China up over 50% for the quarter. So emerging markets, we did well. In Europe, it was sort of a story of 2 different businesses. And we're driven in Europe, given the size of our business and what we do there, often by larger orders. And in third quarter, Commercial HVAC was up low-single digits. Our Refrigeration business was down single digits. And again, we're focused -- our growth strategies are focused on Eastern Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, sort of what traditional Europe, France, Germany was sort of flattish to slightly down and just sort of continues to tread water is the way I would think about it.
Operator: And next go to Samuel Eisner with Goldman Sachs.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just had a couple of questions on the Commercial business. It looks as though you mentioned that mix or price/mix was flat. I'm just curious how you're thinking about market share on the commercial product particularly given, I guess, the seemingly success of the Raider product?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we won share in the third quarter. I think we won it both in National Accounts and in emergency replacement. And the investments that we've made in both those segments on product are paying off. We traditionally had strength in National Accounts and a lot of the customers we won over the last 18 -- or some of the customers we won in the last 18 months are sort of picking up some of their buying habits second half of the year. And I think, clearly, in emergency replacement we picked up some share both in second and in third quarter.
Samuel H. Eisner - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then just lastly on the Refrigeration business. You said that performance there is coming a little bit weaker than you had expected. Is that more from a regional standpoint that is coming in weaker-than-expected or is that just there's some product introductions that are a little bit weaker? Just help us understand a little bit more where the specific weakness is coming from.
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think it's driven by end markets. I think our business is performing well, both on the innovation of their products and even in a tough revenue environment, keeping their return on sales flat, what sort of demonstrates strong operational performance. I think what we're seeing is Australia, which is a meaningful part of our Refrigeration business 20%, 25% of what we do in our Refrigeration segment, we've seen pressure there. And we're a refrigeration wholesaler, and the government has pending legislation to eliminate a carbon tax and is often the case when there's regulatory change, the market tends to freeze up as people wait for clarity. And we're seeing some of that in the Australia business, and that's why revenue was down double digits for us there. And then in the U.S., we were up, but just a bit. And the segment there that we're seeing slowness in is the grocery segment, and I think our -- I think that's an industry phenomena. I think our team is doing well. I think it's just the customers are pushing out orders.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Robert Wertheimer.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Just a real quick one. Is the Raider product a material portion of the commercial mix at this point? Is it additive or dilutive to margin if so?
Todd M. Bluedorn: It's consistent with margins, so it's sort of order of magnitude to same margin. And if material is defined as 10% or more, it's not material yet.
Operator: And we do have a question from Aditya Satghare with Lazard Capital Markets.
Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: It's Aditya from Lazard here. Two questions. So can you talk about the high-efficiency 14 SEER plus shipments being up this quarter versus sort of last year. Do we expect to see any similar benefit in terms of consumer buying behavior going to the winter season?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. I mean, we'll give guidance on '14 as we get a little -- at our December Analyst Day. But the investments we've made to mix up, I think, are paying off both in product and the way we've handled other elements of the marketing mix. But I also think the consumer is stronger than they certainly were a year ago. And we're going to do everything we can to continue that mix up in 2014 and we -- quite frankly, expect it.
Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Got it. Next question is on -- when we think about -- in the kind of grabbing share on Commercial, you did really well on the Residential side. But how do you think about potential competitive response in terms of the new product introductions or other competitors trying to expand the distribution channels and so on? Like how should we think about the potential competitor response here?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I mean sort of the old line, the other team is being coached too, right. So we certainly expect responses, we see responses. And the game is nothing that you do lasts more than a year or 2, and you have to continue to be adding to it. And so we continue to innovate on product and we'll continue to do that. We know we have to take costs out to be able compete, we continue to do that. I think distribution, adding distribution is tougher for our competitors to do. We're in a unique position, in our Lennox brands, that we own all our distribution. So we can sort of make our own decisions on what we want to do and what we don't want to do, and we've made the decision we want to grow it. Using independent distribution, it's more complicated on how you implement. So I think we have a unique opportunity, given our distribution strategy, and we're going to continue to grow it, and let's see how people respond. When they do, we'll respond to their responses.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'll turn it back to the presenters for any closing comments.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Great. Thanks, operator. A few points I'm going to leave you with. We continue to see strong growth on our Residential business and we're now seeing pickup in our Commercial business as well. And we expect Refrigeration markets, most specifically in Australia and grocery in the U.S., to remain choppy for the balance of the year. Overall, the fourth quarter is off to a solid start and the company remains strategically well positioned to capitalize on growth in our major end markets and drive increased profitability through our operational initiatives. We look forward to our Investment Community Meeting on December 18, in Midtown. We hope to see you there as we discuss our outlook and plans for 2014 and beyond. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph William Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please, go ahead.
Steve L. Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2013. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points on the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results in prior periods have been revised to reflect sold businesses and discontinued operations. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. We would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. The company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We continue to see strong momentum from our strategic initiatives and operational execution in the second quarter as the company set records for total segment profit and operating margin. In the end market, environment is still 25% to 30% below peak shipment levels for the industry. For the company overall, second quarter revenue was up 9% from the prior year quarter and total segment profit margin expanded 200 basis points to a record 11.6%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was a record $1.31, up 34%, and GAAP EPS from continuing operations was a record $1.26, up 31%. The company's growth continue to be led by our Residential business with revenue up 16% in the second quarter, driven by both Replacement business and new construction. Residential profit was up 58%. Despite weather being cooler across the U.S. than in the second quarter last year, Replacement business revenue was up 17%. In addition to our market share gain initiatives, we are seeing strong growth in Replacement business as the market benefits from stabilization in unemployment and a general improvement in consumer confidence, home values and existing home sales. Replacement accounts for more than 75% of our Residential business. We also continued to capitalize on growth in Residential new construction with revenue up 13%. This is a traditional strength for Lennox, and we continue to be well-positioned in this market with more than half of the top 50 builders using Lennox, many on an exclusive basis. In addition to capturing price across our Residential business, we also benefited from an improved product mix as Replacement business grew even faster than the new construction in the second quarter. 14-plus SEER shipments were up 4 points to 36% of cooling product shipments in the quarter, the first increase in this measure for a second quarter since 2010. With minimum efficiency of 13 SEER equipment shipments, our 22 equipment continued to trend down. In our Commercial business, revenue and profit were up 4%. Growth was led by North America commercial equipment and services while Europe remains soft and was down in the quarter. Our Lennox National Accounts service business was especially strong on the growth of national-wide services. In Refrigeration, profit was up 22% in the second quarter. Revenue was flat on the timing of National Account businesses in North America and soft economic conditions in Europe, while growth was strong at South America and Asia Pacific. South America revenue was up more than 20%. In Asia Pacific, Australia revenue was up high single-digits as we continue to expand refrigerant sales in our wholesale business there. And China revenue was up more than 30%. Before I turn it over to Joe, let me update you on a couple of our strategic initiatives. In Residential, we added 12 more Lennox PartsPlus stores to our distribution network in the second quarter and are on track with plans to add a total of 28 of these wholesale stores this year. We now have 127 PartsPlus stores, and they continue to be one of the keys to the success we're seeing in our Residential business. Within these stores, about 3/4 of the sales are HVAC equipment and 1/4 of sales are parts and supplies. In commercial, our new RAIDER product line of rooftops focused on emergency replacement market came out in March. This market is a sizable opportunity for Lennox since it has not been an area of traditional focus for us, compared to our success in planned replacement and commercial new construction. But with RAIDER, we now have the right product to sell in this segment of the market that prioritizes upfront cost, and while it is early, the launch is going well. With 27 commercial regional and local distribution centers at the end of the second quarter, we continue to invest in distribution to provide the high level of same day, next day delivery that customers require for emergency replacement. We're on track with our plans to have at least 32 commercial distribution centers in place by the end of 2013. With a solid balance sheet, we are well positioned to continue to make transformational investments in our businesses. From expanding our residential and commercial distribution networks to introducing new products to attack major market opportunities, to continuing to lead the field in energy efficiency and product innovation like our new 25 SEER air conditioners and heat pumps. Beyond investing in the business to drive growth, we also continued to return cash to shareholders. In the second quarter, we increased our dividend 20% and repurchased $33 million of stock toward our plan of $100 million in buybacks this year. We plan to continue to grow the dividend over time with earnings, as well as continue to repurchase stock. Currently, we have $338 million remaining under our existing repurchase authorization. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph William Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional financial details and comments on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $476 million, up 16%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 13% and combined price and mix was up 3%, with both price up and mix up. Residential profit in the second quarter was $66 million, up 58%. Segment profit margin was a second quarter record, 13.9%, up 370 basis points from the prior year quarter. Residential results were positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs with partial offsets from higher SG&A and investments in our distribution expansion. Commercial Heating & Cooling segment revenue in the second quarter was $230 million, up 4%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 3% and combined price and mix was up 1%. North America commercial equipment and service revenue was up high single-digits in the quarter, led by growth in the emergency replacement market and in Lennox National Account Services. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down high single-digits at constant currency. Commercial segment profit in the second quarter was a second quarter record, $35 million, up 4%. Segment profit margin was 15.1%, up 10 basis points from the prior year quarter, and commercial results were positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs with partial offsets from higher SG&A and investments in distribution expansion. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the second quarter was $207 million, flat with the prior year quarter. Currency was neutral, volume was down 2% and combined price and mix was up 2%. From a regional perspective in constant currency, South America was up more than 20%, Asia Pacific was up high single-digits and North America and Europe were down mid single-digits. Segment profit was a record $26 million, up 22% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was a second quarter record, 12.4%, up 220 basis points. Refrigeration results were positively impacted by favorable price and mix and lower material costs with a partial offset from lower volume and higher SG&A. Looking at the special items after-tax in the second quarter. The company had a $1.6 million charge for restructuring activities, $500,000 for the net change in unrealized losses on open futures contracts and $100,000 for other items. SG&A was $151 million in the second quarter, up from the $131 million in the prior year quarter on higher selling expenses and higher incentive compensation expense. Corporate expense was $21 million in the second quarter, up from $15 million in the prior year quarter. Cash from operations was $49 million in the second quarter compared to $24 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was $11 million in the second quarter compared to $10 million in the prior year quarter. And free cash flow in the quarter was $38 million compared to $14 million in the second quarter a year ago. Total debt was $537 million and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.7 ending the quarter, within our targeted range of 1 to 2x. Cash and cash equivalents were $45 million at the end of June. Before I turn over to Q&A, I'll review our updated outlook for 2013. We now expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up high single-digits for the industry for the full year, up from our prior assumption of low single-digit growth. We still anticipate North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low single-digits for the industry in 2013, and we continue to expect our Europe HVAC and Refrigeration market shipments to be down low single-digits for the full year. Based on the company's first half performance and outlook on the second half, our guidance for 2013 revenue growth is now 6% to 8%, up from the prior year range of 3% to 6%. Foreign exchange is still expected to be neutral for the full year. With Residential product mix up slightly in the first half, we no longer expect the $10 million of negative mix for the full year. We are now assuming $5 million of negative Residential mix for 2013 with the rest of the summer still to go and in the transition into heating season. We continue to be on track for approximately $30 million in material cost savings through a combination of sourcing initiatives and engineering-led cost reductions. We expect about 2/3 of this benefit in the second half of the year. We now expect a $30 million benefit from price and lower commodity cost this year versus our prior assumption of $20 million. We expect about 45% of this benefit to be in the second half of the year. For corporate expenses, we are increasing our guidance from $70 million to approximately $85 million for the full year on higher incentive compensation for both our annual and long-term incentive programs to reflect the company's financial performance for these periods. We are raising our 2013 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from a range of $3.25 to $3.55 to a new range of $3.45 to $3.75. GAAP EPS from continuing operations guidance incorporates the $0.07 difference in the first half and moves to a range of $3.38 to $3.68. And to wrap up with a few other guidance points for 2013, we currently expect net interest expense of about $15 million for the full year, our tax rate is still expected to be between 34% and 35% on a full year basis, and our fully diluted share count for 2013 overall is now expected to be approximately 51 million shares. And finally for capital spending, we continue to expect approximately $60 million in 2013. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go to the line of Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital.
Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: It's Aditya Satghare from Lazard Capital Markets. I have 2 questions here. Could you elaborate on your PartsPlus strategy and how we should think about the total contribution of the expanded distribution channel to both overall growth and market share gain?
Todd M. Bluedorn: When we initially launched this initiative 3 or 4 years ago, we talked about sort of half the benefit of a $25 million 2013 savings from logistics costs and the balance, $12.5 million, $13 million from share gains that we got from the distribution network. I think on the way I calibrate it, it's on the logistics side, so the cost savings, I think we are tracking about where we thought we would be given -- adjusting for the volume that we have. And I think on market share gains, we're probably actually doing even a little bit better. When I think about the momentum of our Residential business and sort of the implied market share gains, I think a big driver of that is the PartsPlus business -- or the PartsPlus investments.
Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Got it. My second question was on mix. Could you help us understand what kind of feedback you're getting from the distribution channel in terms of this mix towards, as you said, 14-plus SEER going north of 35%? What are the feedback you're getting in terms of driving this mix shift here?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Well, I think -- I'll even broaden the question a little bit and just talk about mix for the quarter in our Resi business, I mean, one driver of the positive mix was add-on and replacement was stronger than new construction. And it wasn't that new construction was down, it was AOR was so strong for us, up 17%. So that helped. And then the mix up within AOR, add-on and replacement where we mixed up in the SEER levels, I think that reflects sort of the strengthening of the American consumer, the consumer confidence and existing home values, some of the other metrics that we've talked about that, talking in business jargon, if people are managing for NPV, they'll make the investment in the higher-SEER product in many locations in the country and that would people who are managing for cash flow, they resisted it. I also think quite frankly, it's after 2 or 3 years of mix-down, we were due for a quarter where the markets started to change, comps just got a little easier, too, I think.
Operator: And our next question comes from Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Todd, could you just detail, as the quarter played out, what you saw, particularly in the replacement side? I know back in April, you said that Q2 got off to a pretty good start. But it sounds like you got some incremental momentum as the quarter went on.
Todd M. Bluedorn: It was pretty solid the entire time, Rich, to be honest with you. I mean, it was -- in the quarter, it started at -- overall for the quarter, while it was warm historically, it was down 10% in cooling degree days. And so it was cooler than it was a year ago. I think maybe the only way that sort of helped us at the end in June was the last week or two of June was warm even on a year-over-year basis. April, May was cooler, but we still had good momentum. And so I think during the full quarter, we saw it.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then Q3, you mentioned some pretty warm weather here, it seemed it's gotten off to a pretty good start, but any comments there would be helpful.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Again just to sort of calibrate a little bit on the weather because it's all relative on a year-over-year basis, we had a really hot summer last year. So through mid-July, cooling degree days are actually down 15% in the U.S. and Canada, so actually cooler than a year ago, which is hard to imagine but it's true. All that being said, we're off to a solid start in July in Residential and the momentum that we saw in the second quarter has, broadly speaking, has continued. In our Commercial business, we've seen some choppiness in shipment timing with grocery customers, we had pretty good -- pretty solid backlog and order rates in our Commercial businesses, both our Refrigeration and Commercial, going into third quarter.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, just when you look at M&A in the balance sheet right now, anything changed in the last few months, whether it's properties that are out there or just the attractiveness of it at this point?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I don't think anything has changed. And it's just sort of the constant thing that we've said for several years now, which is we'll invest in Kysor/Warren-like acquisitions to build out our refrigeration business and our commercial service business, and those are sort of $100 million, $150 million deals like Kysor/Warren would sort of the way I think about it. And then if a property opened up in North America HVAC in the unitary business, either Residential or light commercial, we think we could create value by consolidating the industry, and if something opened up and the valuations are right and we can create some value by doing it, we would want to do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Just, I mean, great, great margin improvement in Residential and Refrigeration. I just wanted to get a better sense of how much of that you think is execution and mix and how much was maybe just a favorable variance on price cost and some of the deflation we're seeing.
Todd M. Bluedorn: We spiked out on a full year basis that we're now calling for $30 million tailwind from pricing commodities and about half of that is commodities, so sort of order of magnitude $15 million on a full year basis on lower commodities, up from order of magnitude to $10 million that we were calling out before. So there's some benefit from lower commodities. But I would tell you that really the driver of the quarter in the margin expansion across all our businesses was what we're doing on material cost reduction, both the design out, which we sort of called out as increasingly important, as well as continue to move to -- within China and within Asia to lower-cost sources. Positive mix up and price up, and so you can define that, whether that's sustainable, how you want to. But I would argue the mix is up. In Residential, we launched the 25 SEER product along with icomfort/harmony which is a new control system, and we're calling it the ultimate home comfort system. And I think sort of having that pinnacle premium product helps with the mix up. And in our Refrigeration business, lots of good work on the cost side, sort of flat revenue globally, really good work on the cost side. So I think the margin expansion, and then the final piece, obviously, is volume leverage that we've said all along that if we could get some volume flow across all our businesses, including Residential, that we would grow SG&A at half the rates and sort of get some volume leverage, and I think we saw a good volume leverage in the quarter also.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just on mix, I think you called out 36% for this quarter and maybe that was versus 32% a year ago. Can you give us a sense of what that was at peak and what you think normal should be?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We're going to the archives to see it.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And just maybe while you're looking for that, did you say $85 million for corporate expense?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. And second quarter of 2010, as I quickly look back, and I think that was the peak of sort of the mix up. Second quarter of 2010, we were 45%. And I think what we've called out back in 2011 when mix went down that we said 2012 would be worse, and then we called it, mix -- we're calling mix will be a little worse this year, but then I think it starts to go back up to the more historic levels, up 40%, 45%.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just a final question. So you mentioned Refrigeration and commercial backlog pretty good. I mean, should we see an acceleration in some of those growth rates into the second half?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Not the Parts stores, too much. I think I meant to use the word solid, I don't know if I used the word good. I meant to say they're solid going into the third quarter. I think short answer is yes. I mean I think what we've talked about was some National Accounts pushing out to the second half of the year, and that's still our sort of view on things.
Operator: And your next question comes from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Question on commercial in Europe, it was up in the first quarter, down in the second. Is there any sort of trend you can read there or is this kind of all of the results you expect to see moving forward?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think no and unfair characterization. So I don't think there is any major trend. I think sort of our sense is what others are sensing that Europe's hit bottom and sort of bubbling back up, albeit at a slow pace. I think we have some large project business, especially in Eastern Europe and some of that, the timing sort of got pushed out to second half of the year. We're not concerned about the European business now that the markets have solidified a bit. So I just think it's timing, and we'll see better growth rates, we hope, second half of the year.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: And the U.S. business, commercial did -- or North America did fantastic in the quarter. Were there some timing of shipments there or is that just strong demand as you continue in the second half?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think it's solid demand. I also think we gained share. I think the investments that we're making an emergency replacement, both on now up to 27 distribution points on our way to 32, along with the new RAIDER product, I think paid dividends during the first half of the year. And I think that's where we saw the growth was in the emergency replacement business.
Operator: And we'll go to Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: So great results, and if I got it right, you gained share and price and cost all at once. Are you seeing the industry getting any more disciplined to the extent you're able to comment or do you think it's more that you're, as you mentioned on the cost out, et cetera, outpacing and able to keep sort of all 3 things going?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think the industry on price has always been reasonably disciplined. I mean, I think it's a consolidated competitor base, with similar profit motives to ourselves. And we -- I think after sort of some shocks up and down and sideways around commodities that everyone understands that even if commodities may be trending down over the last 5 or 6 months, where one sort of mill shutting down or copper spiked up, from it going back up. And so when you announced price increases, you have to realize it, almost irregardless of what happens with commodities. And I think that's how we're behaving and my sense is that's how others are behaving.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: I don't think you mentioned, within the Resi business, are you able to have a sense of planned replacement versus emergency replacement? You mentioned the mix was good. I assume that correlates. I'm just curious if that's been strong, and the cooling degree day is down, it sounds like people are doing more planned but what's your insight on that?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I'd use slightly different words. I think there's very little planned replacement in Residential. I mean, there are some when people are selling homes, that they are told that they have to replace them, but we think 85%, 90% of units that are sold happen when the unit breaks, that's just the only way people are going to do it. I think some of the things that when I look at the quarter, one quarter isn't a trend. But we are encouraged by what we saw in the sense that whether degree cooling days on a year-over-year basis is down 10%, but our replacement revenue was up 17%. And some of that were share gains but some of that, a large part of that was market growth. And the preconditions that we've talked about for pent-up demand over the years, about stabilization and unemployment and consumer confidence and housing values and existing home values, I think a lot of those sort of are heading in the right direction. The other metric that we've talked about is 6 quarters in a row with second quarter, the growth rate of Residential equipment as a percentage has been greater than replacement parts as a percentage. And that was after a couple of years of being just the opposite. So while one quarter is not a trend, in the second quarter, I think we saw some things move in the right direction in the add-on Replacement market in North America vis-à-vis pent-up demand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Glenn Wortman with Sidoti.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Just one question, you just had quite a strong margin performance in Residential in the quarter. I mean, did this change at all your long-term view for the margin potential of that business?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think you take it and then you move on, Glenn. So I mean, I think we said 12 to 14 for Residential for our, I guess, 2015 targets. And someone just pointed to me 11 to 14 instead of 12 to 14 but 11 to 14. Again, we play it out and see what happens, but I think I'd underline what you said, we are very encouraged by the strong margin performance of our resi business in the second quarter.
Operator: We'll go to Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: How much, just to clarify, how much of the $30 million in favorable price cost was realized in the first half and what's versus the second half? And then, how are you positioned, assuming kind of a stable environment, for the carryover into '14?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We're saying -- we think about -- we saw about 55% of the $30 million first half and we'll see the balance, 45%, second half. I think on the commodity side, we all know coppers trended down during the second half of the year. So I think that helps us, if it stays there, as we go into 2014. I think steel is more complicated. Steel prices have spiked up over the last month or so, not for any demand reasons but on the supply side. So I think as we get closer to 2014, when we give our guidance in December, we will have a better view, but I think the big variable is going to be what steel does, at least on the commodity side.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. On the new systems, can you maybe comment on the related revenue pull through from 410A? I mean, now I would assume that, that's already kind of in the run rate, but was there anything interesting there from indoor versus outdoor units, that kind of thing?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Are you talking about R-22?
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Well, just the 410A, I mean any benefits, the new systems, obviously, I assume that's in the run rate. But is there anything -- was there any kind of benefit to revenues from that, with kind of the new systems now that replacement is up?
Todd M. Bluedorn: You mean, attachment rate? Yes. Short answer is yes. I mean the things that some of our competitors talk about, same thing we're seeing that when R-22 -- I'll sort of say the negative then get to the positive. I mean, R-22 was down to about 10% of our second quarter sales where it was about 15% last year. So R-22 trended down in the quarter, which is good news. And then when that happens, obviously, you're not just selling a condensing unit, you're selling an indoor unit and an outdoor unit at the same time. And I think, obviously, part of that -- that was part of our 17% revenue up on the add on and replacement also.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Got you. And then just one last question, I guess you guys talked about being interested in the resi, perhaps, resi acquisition if it's out there and it's reasonable. I mean, is the scenery basically that look, you guys have all this footprint now set up and you can just kind of take the brand and whatever comes with that and run the volume through distribution channel there, manufacturing, consolidation, obviously, that's probably out there? I mean, maybe just talk about a couple of the positive things that could come, that would make you guys better equipped than maybe some others out there?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think the synergies would be less on distribution consolidation, at least, my sense and certainly my experience in the industry is you have to tread very lightly. And so you can imagine who we might -- who the combination might be with. But all our competitors have very good distribution channels. So I think we will respect that and leverage that and work with the channels as they are. I think the more traditional synergies that you would see would be on the factory side, on material purchase side. I think investments in R&D and not only in R&D, but when we think about launching a new product, it's really sort of the expenses in the engineering that's in tooling up your factories, and ability to sort of tool up factories and our product -- different brands through the same factory and run 3 shifts and sort of leverage all that investment, I think you could get cost out that way. And then I think there would be some SG&A. But I think on the distribution side, I view it as we run our Lennox products for our Lennox distribution channel and our Allied through our Allied channels and if we got additional brands, we can run them through their channels.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Right. And the PartsPlus investment, that's leveling off now, right? I mean, are there new investment there, or that's pretty much where you want it to be?
Todd M. Bluedorn: No. I think we're going to continue to go, right? We've said that -- I'm doing this now from memory, I don't have all the -- someone is pointing something to me. We ended the quarter at 127, and we're going to be at 136 by the end of the year. And then we were targeting to be at -- excuse me, by 2016, 215, I think, is what we talked about in December. So we think this continues to grow.
Operator: And we'll go to Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just to follow up quickly on Steve's question. Thinking about your cost base and how you've tuned it over the past couple of years, I think a little cost sourcing alone is probably something around $100 million. How would you handicap Lennox's starting point on that? If you were to come across another property in the space, do you view that as kind of a good run rate for what you could do elsewhere? I'm presuming you guys would characterize yourself as pretty close to best-in-class now. But were you just so far behind the curve that there was more to do or is that probably a good way to think about other properties in the space as well?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think to answer it, as much as I'd like to try and say it the other way around, I think we lagged our competitors. I mean our larger international competitors, Carrier, Trane, even York, when you're doing business in China like they are, in Asia like they are, you just had a better sense of what the supply base looked like. So I think a lot of that was catching up. And by the way, that's good because I think otherwise, if everybody is going down the cost curve together, you tend to give it to your customers, and I think we've got to keep a lot of that. But I think there are some opportunities around the things that we've done on sourcing new compression in China or -- excuse me, in Asia. Some of the things we've done in sourcing new motors in China that, depending on who you bought, depending on who the suppliers were, either getting volume leverage with those suppliers or introducing them to those suppliers. So I think, I don't know if we're best in class, but I think we're pretty good at supply chain. And I think depending on who we -- but so are some of our competitors, depends who the combination was with.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Got you, fair enough. And then I guess, on the sourcing, do you feel like you guys have kind of tapped out or reached critical mass at that point or is there a potential to continue making progress in 2014?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think the momentum continues. I mean, I think what we find is that as we've talked about, we've evolved from sort of the obvious things, to move to China sourcing to designing our product costs. And we're increasingly now sort of doing a little bit of both, which is moving within China or Asia to different suppliers or moving west within China to lower-cost sources. But continue to drive out, design out cost, really focusing on platform redesigns. So I think the momentum continues into 2014 and 2015. I think it's now become a way of life here and we'll continue to do it.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Got you. And then just one final follow up, if I could, help unpackage guidance a little bit. It does seem like historically you guys have gotten 55%, 60% of your earnings in the second half, and that still seems to be the case here even at the high end. But I hear you talking about a lot of these tailwinds being much more back-end-loaded. I mean, are there anything -- is there anything out there in the way of incentive comp or investment spending that you would look to accelerate at the high end of demand that would buffer some of that, or how should we think about it?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes, I think that's true. I think there is variable expenses that if revenue's strong or earnings is strong in the second half of the year relative to what we forecast that there'll be some buffer. I also think the guidance -- and I don't think I've ever raised guidance $0.20 since I've been here, so I'm not going to be bashful about raising it $0.20, but that being said...
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: You haven't gotten a very good tailwind either.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Fair enough. But it all feels a bit fragile out there, to be honest with you. I mean, we like what we see in second quarter, we like the momentum we are getting, we like all that and we forecasted that and rolled that into our guidance. But when you think about the U.S. economy and you think about the global economy, there's still a lot of risks out there and there's still a fiscal situation in our country and in Europe that needs to be sorted out. It's uncertain what's going to happen with China and the impact that it will have in North America markets. So there's still uncertainties. There's interest rates going up. So while we're confident, it's cautious confidence about the end markets, and I think that's reflected in the guidance.
Operator: Next question comes from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley.
Unknown Analyst: It's actually Mike Zhang [ph], in for Nigel. I guess related to the last question on the uncertainty, could you maybe comment on where you saw channel inventories kind of trend throughout the quarter and where it stands now?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes, I mean, as you probably know, I mean 80% of our product we sell through our own distribution network and so they're fine. And on the independent or Allied brands, we sell through independent, I think distributors I would characterize as cautiously optimistic. We had a strong quarter in our Allied business. And so I think a lot of that inventory is probably sold through. So I think I'd sort of characterize it, at least from our side, inventory is not an issue.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And then on just capacity, vis-à-vis the strong growth from resi, are you seeing any bottlenecks at this point? Or what's your sense on capacity underneath the hire going forward?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes, I don't think we -- we certainly haven't missed any deliveries because of capacity. Again, in our business, given the huge seasonality of the resi business, you have to place your bets in many ways a couple of months earlier as you build up inventory for the season. And so we sent strong signals to our supply base, that's the other constraint. Then you got to make sure you have all the right components, and I think we planned right, and our supply base supported us and we ramped up when we needed to. So I think we're sort of from -- the manufacturing guys are almost ready to start thinking about furnaces, that's sort of how it works as you get into July and August, just start to transition, even though we are still selling a lot of air conditioners, from a production viewpoint, they're thinking about furnaces. And so I think we've done a good job managing supply chain in an up market.
Operator: And we'll go to the line Walt Liptak with GBL Hunter.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: With Global Hunter. Good quarter, and I have just 2 follow-up questions. One, on the SEER 14-plus, what was the number in the first quarter, if you're 36% this quarter?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes, our guys here, again going through the glasses to pull up the number. It was 42% in the first quarter. But again, that's a little -- it's a bit -- not misleading but the first quarter 13 -- or 14-plus SEER number matters less than summertime. I mean, summertime is where the big volumes are at.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And wanted to ask just kind of see if I can drill down on the pricing, too, with the price cost being more favorable. At what point -- these are all price increases, that I presume. But at one point does the industry started looking at commodities prices and maybe start to think about bringing prices down or even lower at this price level and will just go up from here?
Todd M. Bluedorn: What experience the industry has been is when the commodities spiked up, you can never raise prices fast enough to capture it. And so there is 1 year or 2, which we bled pretty hard and I assume our competitors did on negative commodity price relationship. And then as commodities start to trend down, you sort of keep the prices where they're at and sort of inch along a couple of points a year and then you gain it back. But over the full commodity cycle, you start to haul or maybe up 1% or 2% the price versus commodities. And I think that's what we're seeing now. And so I -- we have no expectations that we're going to sort of lower price because copper is down today, because we're cognizant that copper could spike up tomorrow, and then it would take us 18 months to sort of drive the price again through the system in a way that we could hang onto customers. So I think you just sort of inch price along commodities go up or down and sometimes you are doing well, sometimes you are not doing well. But over the full cycle, you break about even, and I think that's what we've done and what the industry has done.
Operator: And we have no further questions.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Okay, great, thanks. A few points to leave you all with. As you saw, we raised our revenue and EPS guidance for the full year following the company's strong performance in the second quarter and July is off to a solid start. Looking ahead, there's a long way to go for full HVAC recovery with industry shipments still 25% to 30% below peak levels. As markets continue to recover, the company's strategically well positioned to drive our financial performance, to continuing new heights as we continue to execute on our key initiatives. I want to thank everyone for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Joseph William Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division Brian K. Langenberg - Langenberg & Company, LLC Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lennox International First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve L. Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2013. I'm here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points on the quarter, and Joe will take you through the company's financial performance and outlook. Financial results discussed today have been adjusted for discontinued operations related to the company's previously announced plans to sell the Service Experts business, which closed on March 22. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. 2013 is off to a good start as our business momentum continued in the first quarter. With growth across all 3 of our businesses, company revenue was up 9%, led by 15% growth on our Residential business. Total segment profit was 4.4%, which was a first quarter record for us. And the EPS from continuing operations was also an LII record for the quarter. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.33, up 74%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.31, up 72%. In Residential, segment profit was up 86% on a 15% revenue growth in the first quarter. We continue to capitalize on growth in Residential new construction, with equipment revenue up more than 20% in the first quarter. Replacement equipment revenue was up low double digits in the quarter. As expected, we saw some mix-down from the faster growth in new construction, as well as generally from consumers in the replacement market, but the mix-down impact was offset by price in the first quarter. In our Commercial business, revenue was up 4% and segment profit was up 34% in the first quarter. Growth was led by North America commercial equipment and services, while Europe remains soft and was down in the quarter. Our Lennox National Account Services business was especially strong on the growth of nationwide services. Refrigeration revenue was up 4% at constant currency in the first quarter, and segment profit grew 18%. Refrigeration was led by double-digit growth in South America and more than 25% growth in Asia-Pacific. Australia saw a strong growth as we continue to make investments in our wholesale business in that country and expand our refrigerant operations. In 2012, we made purchases of low-cost refrigerant and invested into canting equipment and operations to sell it through our distribution network throughout the country. Also in Asia-Pacific, we are seeing strong growth as we continue to capitalize on refrigeration build out opportunities in emerging markets of China and Southeast Asia. Turning to Service Experts. In late March, we completed the sale of Service Experts in a $10.4 million all cash transaction. As part of the deal, we also secured a tier supply agreement with Service Experts. Following the sale of the Hearth business in the second quarter of 2012, the sale of Service Experts completes the divestitures of our nonstrategic businesses and we like our business portfolio going forward. With a solid balance sheet, we are well positioned to continue to make transformational investments in our businesses, maintain a competitive dividend that grows with earnings over time and consider acquisitions that makes sense in our core businesses. In 2013, we are planning to repurchase $100 million of stock. Currently, we have $371 million remaining under our stock repurchase authorizations. Before I turn it over to Joe, let me update you on a couple of our strategic initiatives. In Residential, we added 7 more Lennox PartsPlus stores to our distribution network in the first quarter and are on track with plans to add a total of 28 of these wholesale stores this year. We now have 115 PartsPlus stores, and they continue to be one of the keys to the success we are seeing in our Residential business. Within these stores, about 3/4 of the sales are HVAC equipment and 1/4 of the sales are parts and supplies. In Commercial, our new RAIDER product line of rooftops, targeted at the emergency replacement market, started production in the first quarter and began hitting the street in March. We have seen a lot of excitement around the product launch from dealers and contractors, and RAIDER is off to a good start as we head into the summer season. So I mentioned before, this is a sizable opportunity for Lennox since the emergency replacement market comprises about 45% of the commercial unitary market in North America. The emergency replacement market has not been an area of traditional focus for Lennox compared to our success in the planned replacement and commercial new construction. But with RAIDER, we now have the right product to sell in the segment of the market that prioritizes upfront cost. With 24 commercial, regional and local distribution centers at the end of first quarter, we continue to invest in distribution to provide the high level of Same Day/Next Day delivery that customers require for emergency replacement. We expect to have 32 commercial distribution centers in place by the end of 2013. Now I'll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph William Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd, and good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $315 million, up 15%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 15%, and combined price and mix was flat with the price up and mix down. Residential profit in the first quarter was $21 million, up 86%. Segment profit margin was 6.5%, up 250 basis points from the prior year quarter. Residential results were positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and lower material costs with partial offsets from higher investments in our distribution expansion and higher SG&A and lower mix. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business. In the first quarter, Commercial revenue was $163 million, up 4%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 4%, and price and mix combined was flat on revenue. North America commercial equipment and service revenue was up high single digits in the quarter, led by strong growth in Lennox National Account Services. Europe Commercial HVAC revenue was down nearly 10% at constant currency. Commercial segment profit in the first quarter was $11 million, up 34%. Segment profit margin was 6.8%, up 150 basis points from the prior year quarter. Commercial results were positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs, with partial offsets from investments in distribution expansion and higher SG&A. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the first quarter was $191 million, up 3%. Currency had a negative 1% impact. Volume was down 2%. Price was flat and mix was up 6% from our Australian wholesale refrigerant initiative. From a regional perspective in constant currency, Asia-Pacific was up more than 25%, South America was up low double digits, Europe was flat and North America was down high single digits. Segment profit was $17 million, up 18% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 8.7%, up 100 basis points. Refrigeration results were positively impacted by price and mix combined, as well as lower material costs, with a partial offset from higher SG&A. Looking at special items after-tax in the quarter, the company had $700,000 for the net change in unrealized losses on open futures contracts, $300,000 for restructuring activities and $200,000 for other items net. Overall SG&A was $136 million in the first quarter, up from $123 million in the prior year quarter on higher selling expenses and higher incentive compensation expense than in the prior year quarter. Within SG&A, corporate expense was $19 million in the first quarter, up from $14 million in the prior year quarter. However, for the full year, we continue to expect corporate expense of approximately $70 million. Cash used in operations was $137 million in the first quarter compared to cash used in operations of $34 million in the prior year quarter. Cash usage was higher in the first quarter this year as the company had higher accounts receivables from a strong first quarter, higher inventories as the company positions itself for higher demand in the seasonally stronger second quarter and a higher cash payout for incentive compensation based on 2012 results compared to the first quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $12 million in the first quarter compared to $7 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow in the quarter was negative $149 million compared to a negative $41 million in the first quarter a year ago. As most of you know, it is typical for the company to use cash in the first half of the year and generate cash in the second half of the year due to the seasonality of our business. Total debt was $516 million and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.8, ending the quarter within our target range of 1x to 2x. Cash and cash equivalents were $35 million at the end of March. Now before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll review our outlook for 2013. We continue to expect North American Residential HVAC shipments to be up low single digits for the industry for the full year. We anticipate North American commercial unitary shipments to be up low single digits in 2013 for the industry as well, and we continue to expect Europe HVAC and Refrigeration market shipments to be down low single digits for the full year. Based on the company's first quarter performance, guidance for our revenue growth is now 3% to 6% for 2013, with the low end up 1 point from the prior range of 2% to 6% growth. Foreign exchange is still expected to be neutral for the full year. We still anticipate about a $10 million headwind from lower mix in the Residential business this year due to more 13 SEER products, driven in part by faster growth in Residential new construction. We continue to expect approximately $30 million of material costs savings through a combination of sourcing initiatives and engineering-led cost reductions, and we are feeling good about our projection for $20 million of price and commodity tailwind in 2013 with, about half from price and half from commodities. We expect about 2/3 of the $30 million of material costs savings to be in the second half of the year and about 1/2 of the $20 million of favorable price and commodities impact to be in the second half of the year. We are raising the low end of our 2013 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations from $3.15 to $3.55 to a new range of $3.25 to $3.55. GAAP EPS from continuing operations guidance incorporates the $0.02 difference in the first quarter and moves to a range of $3.23 to $3.53. Now to wrap up with few of the guidance points for 2013. We continue to expect net interest expense of about $17 million for the year. We still expect a tax rate of 34% to 35% on a full year basis. Our average weighted diluted share count for the full year is now expected to be approximately 50 million shares. And for capital spending, we continue to expect about $60 million in 2013. And with that, let's now go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond, KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: So it looks like your guidance range is maybe reflecting more share gains than market because it looks like your market assumptions are unchanged.
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think that's one way to think about it. I think the other way to think about it is sort of cutting a little bit off the low end just reflects that we had a solid first quarter and sort of took some of the risk off the table from the first quarter.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. But it does seem like your share momentum continues. I mean, how are you thinking about the sustainability of some of the share gains you've been seeing?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we're winning. I think we gained share last year and we're off to a good start this year. I think when you're gaining share because of things like building out distribution as part of a multiyear strategy and winning because your vitality index is over 40% on a multiyear basis, I think those are sustainable share growth. So it's not that we're winning with sort of one gee-whiz trick. We're building it sort of in the trenches with distribution and sustainable product advantages. I think you can continue to win for a while that way.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on price cost, we've seen some deflation in some of your inputs and pricing seems to be sticking. Why not raise that assumption?
Todd M. Bluedorn: At this point in time, we're 75% hedged in copper for the balance of the year. So a lot of our input costs are pretty much locked in. I'm also cognizant that if copper was a roller coaster, we'd be up and down to the point where I was about ready to throw up to the side, right? So I mean, it's down in the last 2 or 3 weeks, but it could just easily be up in the next month or 2 again. So I think it's maybe the first point, we're hedged out for most of the year.
Jeffrey D. Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then finally, just a couple of questions around Refrigeration. One, it looks like this Australian business kind of drove the quarter. How sustainable is that? And then, one of your competitors talked about a headwind from a large national retailer. And I'm wondering if you have any kind of similar impact and how to think about that.
Todd M. Bluedorn: I'll sort of take them in 2 pieces business. Let me talk a little bit about Australia. We first talked a little bit about this on the fourth quarter call about some growth initiatives in Asia-Pacific. And we have a wholesale business there for Americans, sort of the equivalent of a United Refrigeration. That's our Australia business, wholesale refrigeration. And we've been making investments to expand our operations there, especially to grow our refrigerant sales. And last year, we made purchases of low-cost refrigerant and invested into decanting equipment and made ourselves vertically integrated in the sense of having a refrigerant, putting it into the jugs and then selling it through our wholesale distribution network. Order of magnitude, the benefit for the quarter was sort of about $5 million or so. And you have to remember that it's the Southern Hemisphere, so it's sort of the peak of the summer season. So that's sort of the -- think about it as a high level mark. But it's an ongoing initiative, and we continue to make investments to grow that operation. So I think we're going to continue to have good news there. In terms of your question about National Accounts or sort of a big retailer, maybe I sort of broaden the answer for you and just talk about what we're seeing in the National Accounts. On the Refrigeration side, we have seen some softness. You heard while we talked about in the script of sort of down in North America, we've seen some pushouts from supermarket customers, who are most sensitive to the macroeconomic uncertainty and consumer sentiment. But we're -- for the balance of the year, we're feeling better about order intake and backlog than what we saw in the first quarter. In our North America Commercial HVAC business, we had a solid quarter, have a solid start to the year and orders and backlog look pretty good entering Q2.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes, SunTrust.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to dig in more in your comments on replacement Residential HVAC. It appears, though, in the comments that there might be some share gain going on there. Where do you think the overall state of that market is as we start heading into the season in terms of potential growth?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think maybe a couple points about share gain. I mean, I said on the call or in the script that we were up low double digits in Replacement for the quarter. We've had bad quarters, I've said this. And I'll say when we have good quarters. I mean, it's dangerous, obviously, to look at share gain in 1 quarter. So I'd sort of make the horizon over the last 18 months. And there I think we're clearly gaining share. There's lots of uncertainty in the replacement market, Keith, and that's why we didn't really raise our market guidance. We're still seeing low-single digits. Maybe it becomes mid-single digits as we get into the summer and see things start to flow. While we had a good first quarter, we're cognizant that it's our lightest quarter. And some of that, while we sell through in the first quarter and we had a cold winter compared to a warm winter last year, which helped drive furnace sales in the quarter, air-conditioning, to a large degree, we're just getting the dealers ready for the summer season. We're going to have to see what they do with consumers as the weather starts to warm up.
Keith B. Hughes - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And also in Residential, you mentioned price was up, mix was down. Specific to the mix, where do you stand on the dry ship and are you seeing mix within the R-410a refrigerant down and products down as well?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes, I mean where we really see the R-22 dry charge effect is when in we get into the summer months, so it's sort of hard to see much right now. The mix pressure that we felt in the quarter is what we talked about back in December when we gave guidance, which is what we saw, which is, one, RNC outgrew -- Residential New Construction outgrew add-on and replacement. And we on average make lower margins there because it's a more entry-level product. And there continues to be sort of trade-down within our brands and within our SEER levels, within the add-on and replacement market, so sort of the pressure in the consumer.
Operator: And the next questions from the line of Steve Tusa from JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Your inventories were up a little bit more than normal. I guess that's just the build in anticipation of what's to come here. And I guess I don't know if you just discussed it. Sorry, I've hopped off for 1 second. But kind of the -- so far through April, what you are seeing out there?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. Sort of the commentary on working capital is we're about where we planned to be. And I think the short answer is that it reflects a strong first quarter and then sort of a build getting ready for second quarter. And we'll sell the inventory and cash out the receivables between now and the end of the year, so we're still confident on the first year cash flow. And then I didn't really give much commentary yet on April. I mean, it's building on the strong first quarter. We're off to a solid start here in second quarter, reasonable order rates both in Commercial and Residential. But I think everyone understands that nearly half of second quarter is June. So it's really early. But so far, so good.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then on the share gain front, I guess is this why -- I know you're not going to call out competitors. But I guess, can you maybe give us some color on what parts of the market are you seeing? And is there any -- I guess, you don't have to answer it directly this way, but maybe we can just tie the 2 together ourselves. Are you seeing any kind of change from the Daikin acquisition of Goodman? Any kind of dynamics there to highlight in the marketplace at a high level?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I'll answer them in reverse order. I'll answer the Daikin one first, and then I'll get to share gain. Short answer is, no. We haven't seen much change in Daikin behavior in the marketplace or Goodman-Daikin's change in the marketplace. We continue to look and see. I think they're probably smart acquirers, which is you don't want to sort of rattle things too quickly in the field. And so far, we haven't seen much of any changes. In terms of share gain, the answer is what I would want to say. But it helps that it's actually true, which is I think it's a sort of a broad share gain. I mean, because I think with our innovative product, we came out with 25 SEER air-conditioner, highest efficiency in the market, a new iHarmony Zoning System to go with our icomfort controls. I think we're doing well on the high end, and I think you can fill in the blanks about what OEM or OEMs also play on the high end that we might be gaining share from. And then I think we're making impact with our PartsPlus and rollout of distribution network and ability to reach more entry-level dealers. I think we're doing well on sort of with a different segment of end customers and dealers, sort of the mid-tier and low tier. And I think we're winning there, too. And again, I think you can sort of identify which OEMs you might think would be in our crosshairs there.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Rich Kwas of Wells Fargo Securities.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Todd, just a question. Now with -- you got rid of Service Experts. Hearth has been gone for a while. What are you seeing in the M&A environment area that you might have interest and others, maybe parts of Residential you'd like to bolster, parts of the Refrigeration, et cetera? What are you seeing out there with multiples, et cetera?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we remain consistent on this point, Rich, which is you think about the platforms we'd want to grow. We really like our Refrigeration business, and that gives us a global platform. And we've looked -- we did the KW deal here in the U.S. sort of vertical integration in display cases. We found that to be a success. We have a strong management team there. So we continue to look on bolt-ons for our Refrigeration business. And then in our HVAC businesses in North America, I think we have good management teams, and we're doing well. And I think industry consolidation can always create value. But there's only a handful of assets, and someone would have to decide they wanted to get out. So I think it's more likely we're going to be doing deals in Refrigeration in the HVAC businesses in North America. Someone would have to decide they wanted to change strategies, with the caveat of we really like our North America Commercial Service business. We had a strong quarter there, as I sort of talked about in the script. That's a business we have grown with acquisitions, smaller acquisitions, so we don't talk much about them. But that's a business we continue to try and grow both organically and with acquisitions.
Richard Michael Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then on the Refrigeration front, as it relates to international assets, are you seeing any pickup in activity of assets that are being offered or valuations that look more compelling versus, say, 6 months ago?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Not much change from our perspective from 6 months ago. Again, in sort of the areas that we would want to do deals, the markets remain reasonably solid and strong. And so I don't -- we haven't seen a crash in valuations. And again, we're reasonably selective on what we're looking for.
Operator: And the next questions from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of MKM Partners.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Most of mine have been answered. But I guess first on Commercial, you talked about strong order intake exiting the quarter. I'm just wondering how that compares to the mid-single-digit guidance. Are you running kind of ahead or in line with that and how we should think about that through the year from like a comps perspective?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I have to look at the script. Hopefully, I said solid instead of strong, sort of trying to nuance the words on you. So what I meant to say is we entered in Commercial HVAC sort of with a solid start to the year. And again, when we give guidance on low-single digits, that's on the market; that's not on our share, right? And so -- or on our revenue growth. So we had a nice quarter in Commercial, up sort of mid-single digits in revenue. And I think that's consistent with our call-out of the market and on our ability to outperform it with things like the RAIDER, things like our growth in National Accounts.
Joshua C. Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then back to Residential, I know we've talked a lot about mix. But thinking about the core Replacement business, obviously, this time of year, RNC is more impactful, and I get that that's mix down. And R-22 is also a mix-down product for you. But within R-410A equipment, is that migration to 13 SEER ongoing or has a lot of that already played out?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think we'll know. Without being cute about it, I think we'll know more in September, right? So we've given our guidance. We believe it's going to continue to mix down. There's clearly different forces going on in the marketplace right now. And so we'll know more when we get to September. We think it's going to continue to mix down, and that's why we've given the guidance that we've given of a headwind of $10 million mix headwind in Residential.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Brian Langenberg of Langenberg & Company.
Brian K. Langenberg - Langenberg & Company, LLC: I have no questions. Just take a pass.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Glenn Wortman of Sidoti & Company.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Can you just give us, I guess, touched on it a little bit, but just an early read on sales for your RAIDER product?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Too early to call. I think the way I think about it is no quantification. I'll just talk about it anecdotally, which is we have dealer meetings across the country, 6, 7, 8 different locations who bring us thousands of dealers at each location and that's one of the hot -- one of the most exciting products we talked about this year. People are excited about this, to be able to get their -- to be able to sell to contractors and drive business with this entry-level product. So as we go through the summer season, because that's when we're really going to sell it, and quite frankly, we just sort of started selling it or producing it in March or hitting the street in March, as we go through the summer season, we'll give some more updates. But we're excited by the RAIDER product.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company, LLC: Okay. And then can you just remind us, is there much margin differential on the RAIDER system versus your more traditional products?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We think we get up comparable margins because we've got the cost right on this product, and it has lower SG&A associated with it. So we like this product. We're sort of agnostic. We like selling it.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Rob Wertheimer of Vertical Research.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Lots have been answered, but I think, Todd, you mentioned a little bit of caution in the grocery store segment. I'm just -- out of pure curiosity. When did that start and has it backed off at all or not? I mean, there's been a lot of different uncertainties throughout the last quarter. I'm curious what drove it.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. We started seeing pressure on the North America grocery segment for us about midyear last year. And it's continued is the short answer. So maybe 3 quarters of pressure and push out and sort of stretching. But underlying that is it feels different than when the crisis hit in 2009. It feels like people were just deferring and we're reasonably confident that second half of the year is going to pick up, and that's sort of what's baked into our guidance, and we feel pretty good about that.
Robert Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Great. And I know a lot has been asked on the resi. Is there any way to parse out if people -- maybe they saw units fail or pushed off replacement in the last summer and that's starting early this spring? Or is that too -- I mean, the new is higher than the replacement? I'm just curious if you can parse anything about whether that base has started to fail and people have sort of come into it.
Todd M. Bluedorn: It's hard to know, is the honest answer, Rob. I mean, we'll know more, again, without being cute, in September, because then you're able to do more of a postmortem of what drove demand and where it came from. I'd just sort of -- to me, the way I think about the Residential market right now is RNC continues to be strong, that we had a good year in that -- or a good quarter in that on replacement, I think in large part driven by we had a cooler winter than we did a year ago, and in combination with that, with our share gains, with what we're doing in the marketplace. And in April, given that we've had, given that on a year-over-year basis, it was much warmer last year than it was this year, we're off to a solid start. But 50% of the volume or 45% of the volume is in June. And so we'll know a lot more in June.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] You have a question from the line of Nicole DeBlase of Morgan Stanley.
Nicole DeBlase - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just have one left. You answered all the others. Can you just talk a little bit about the magnitude of any recent price increases and the degree to which those are sticking in the market?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We, in both our Lennox Residential and our Allied Residential, as well as our Commercial HVAC and Refrigeration business, we've announced price increases in all those businesses within the last -- gone into effect over the last 6 months. Our major HVAC competitors -- Carrier, Trane, Goodman, and Nordheim -- sort of on the entry-level product have all announced similar price increases. Note that the price umbrella that we announced was 6%. We're obviously not going to get the 6%. It depends on the business; it depends on the market. But so far, so good. I mean it feels like it's sticking in the marketplace, and we'll know more as we go through the summer season. But as we gave in our guidance, we're still saying $20 million net pricing commodities, which reflects confidence that we're going to get some pricing.
Operator: And the next question from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just one other one. The new product that you're going out with, what are the -- who's serving that market right now and what are the competitive dynamics? I mean, is this kind of an area that you believe is not being served the right way? It's underserved? I mean, how are you guys going to just kind of plan the march in here and take share?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think about it this way. The emergency replacement is driven by 2 things: It's having low-cost and having equipment on the ground to be able to serve it. So this is Frank's Bowling Alley and the unit breaks and it's all, I guess, and Frank has to replace it within 24 hours to do business. And there's often an intermediary, which is a building owner, who's not really carried about -- cares Frank's operating cost. He just wants to contractually put an air conditioner back on the roof. So you have to have low op, low first cost, trade-off efficiency, and you have to have it in the field. This market -- and then the other point to think about is different manufacturers have different footprints of their units, different inlet and outlet, airflow piping. And they're not the same. And so if you have a different unit that has a different footprint than the existing unit that's on there, you have to do what's called a curb adaptor. And depending on the size of the unit, that can be up to 15% of the total first cost you have to spend on this adaptor. And historically, our units only fit on our roofs; they didn't match up against anybody else's. This new RAIDER unit no longer needs a curb adaptor for Carrier footprints. And we think Carrier, as the industry leader, probably has -- not probably -- has the largest share of this installed emergency replacement base. So we now have a unit that fits on a Carrier roof with no curb adaptor, and we're no longer 15% penalty, plus we we've redesigned the product to take -- to make it low-cost even without the curb adaptor being in the consideration.
Charles Stephen Tusa - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then one last question, just on the consumer behavior dynamic. I mean, it sounds like they are -- the repair versus replace that's been going on, I mean, it sounds like you've seen a little bit of a turn in that.
Todd M. Bluedorn: I don't know if I'd put that much color on it, Steve. I mean, we had a good first quarter. But really, the repair-replacement phenomenon is really a summer thing, right? So I think what we saw year-over-year it was colder. More furnaces had to be replaced than a year ago and that was good news for us. But I think we'll have a better feel on repair and replace when we get into the summer season.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital Markets.
Aditya Satghare - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: It's Aditya Satghare in for Sanjay today. Two questions. By follow up in prior comments on the RAIDER product and the light commercial market, can you sort of elaborate in terms of what has been some of the competitor response from other folks in the market? And you touched on Carrier, but we also understand that the folks like Ingersoll-Rand are going out there and talking a lot about multiple plug-and-play products specifically designed for the light commercial market. So are there any comments on competitor response?
Todd M. Bluedorn: No is the short answer. I mean, we have -- we think we have a great quality product that even though we've taken costs out it, there's a level of quality that's associated with Lennox. We're also supporting it by over a multiyear period tripling our wholesale distribution part, our points. By the way, all these Residential PartsPlus stores we've been bragging about also carry Commercial parts. And so our ability to service and support dealers who sell our rooftop product line has been very successful. And what we found is, we've won in national accounts for a long time, and people know what we do and we still win. So if you build a good product and you service it and you have a good sales force and you're focused on it, you can win. So we have a lot of contractors who want to do business with us in this segment of the market, where we haven't had the product, we now do. And so let's see what happens.
Operator: Okay. And I'm turning it back to Todd Bluedorn for final remarks.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Great. A few points to leave you all with: Our largest seasonal periods are still ahead of us, and there's still lots of macroeconomic uncertainty. But we have good business momentum, and the year is off to good start with growth across all our businesses, led by strength in Residential, both new construction and the replacement business. We look forward to the summer selling season and remain focused on driving our growth initiatives and capitalizing on the market opportunities before us in 2013. Thank you for joining us today. Have a good day.
Operator: Okay, thank you, and that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - Vice President, Investor Relations Todd Bluedorn - Chairman and CEO Joe Reitmeier - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets Keith Hughes - SunTrust Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market Drew Pierson - J.P. Morgan Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Jane Zhao - Morgan Stanley Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year of 2012. I’m here today with Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn; and CFO, Joe Reitmeier. Todd will review key points for the quarter and year, and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance and outlook. Financial results discussed today have been adjusted for discontinued operations related to the company’s previously announced plans to divest the Service Experts business. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation for the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measure. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understand of our operations we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. 2012 was year of strong earnings growth and cash generation for the corporation. We continue to make key strategic investments position us for strong performance in 2013 and beyond. And the uneven market conditions of 2012, the company grew revenue 5% at constant currency. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was up 20% to $2.70. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was up 26% to $2.63. The company’s performance in 2012 was led by our residential business, with revenue up 9% and profit up 17%. Residential margins expanded 50 basis points from year to 7.5%. With North America residential HVAC market, shipments up 2% in 2012, we clearly gained share with strong double-digit growth for the year. We made significant gains in replacement market, while also capitalizing on recovery of the residential new construction market in 2012. Equipment revenue from residential new construction was up nearly 30% for the year. And our commercial businesses, we had strong operational performance in the face of flat market conditions in 2012. In refrigeration revenue was flat at constant currency with profit up 6%. Refrigeration margin expanded 80 basis points to 10.4% for the year. Commercial HVAC equipment and services, revenue was up 3% at constant currency, with profit up 14%, commercial margin was up 140 basis points to a record 12.7% for the year. Turning to the fourth quarter, an overarching comment to make is that momentum continued with revenue growth and strong operational performance across all our businesses, while profit was impacted by higher incentive compensation as planned and previously discussed. The higher incentive compensation stems from performance targets achieved or exceeded in 2012, compared to 2011 when incentive compensation was significantly lower. The impact was $23 million for 2012 overall and about two-thirds of that impact was in fourth quarter alone. Company revenue was up 6% at both actual and constant currency. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.56, compared to $0.55 in the prior year quarter. GAAP EPS from continuing operation was $0.52, compared to $0.56 in the fourth quarter a year ago. Total segment margin was 6.2%, compared to a 7% in the prior year. At constant currency, residential revenue was up 9%, commercial revenue was up 5% and refrigeration revenue was up 2%. Residential we continue to capitalize on growth in residential new construction with equipment revenue up 30% for the fourth quarter. Replacement equipment revenue was up low single digits in the quarter. Commercial growth was primarily driven by non-national account business, while we continue to see national account orders pushed down into 2013 due to the political and economic uncertainties in the fourth quarter. This business appears to be solidifying in the first half of 2013. I’d also like to note that our commercial equipment business signed 29 new national accounts in 2012, tying the record year of 2007. This is an indication of national account customers continue to select Lennox for leading high energy efficiency rooftops, advanced controls, outstanding distribution and delivery, and customer, support and service. In refrigeration for the fourth quarter, revenue growth was led by greater than 20% growth in Asia-Pacific and high single-digit growth in South America from the successes we are seeing with our growth -- growth initiatives in both these regions. Residential and refrigeration profits were down in the fourth quarter primarily impacted by the higher incentive compensation. While residential also had some impact from lower mix and a step up in our strategic investments and distribution. Residential margins were down 200 basis points to 4%. Refrigeration margin was down 60 basis points to 11.1%. Commercial also had an impact from higher incentive compensation but the strong operational performance of the business still drove margin up 220 basis points to a new fourth quarter record of 13.5%. Cash generation was strong in the fourth quarter for 2012 overall. Free cash flow was $171 million for the full year or 190% of GAAP net income. We paid $48 million in dividends in 2012 and repurchased $50 million of stock. We’re planning to repurchase $100 million of stock in 2013 and have $371 million remaining under our stock repurchase authorization. Strong cash generation and the solid balance sheet, we are well-positioned to continue invest in the business, returning cash to shareholders and consider acquisitions that make sense in our core businesses. Conversely, we have been divesting non-strategic businesses, we completed the sale of our Hearth business in the second quarter of 2012, and in the fourth quarter of 2012 we announced plans to sell Service Experts business and this process continues to move forward. At the Analyst Day in mid-December, I mentioned several strategic initiatives that we are excited about for improved growth, productivity and profitability. In residential, we ramped up our production in Mexico by 30% in 2012 and we’ll continue to grow that operation in 2013. We continue to source more components from Asia now over 45%, as well as [engineer] to cost reduce our product platforms and move further into material substitutions, including replacing copper with aluminum for example. In 2012, we had 32 Lennox PartsPlus wholesale stores and plan to add another 28 locations this year. HVAC equipment accounts for about three quarters of the sales, up from these stores and parts and supplies accounts for the remainder. These stores have been one of the keys to our market share gains and residential outperformance in 2012. As I mentioned earlier, we stepped up our investments in these stores in fourth quarter, impacting us in the near term. But we expect positive benefits within 12 to 18 months as each of these locations ramp up sales. Also in residential, we continue to introduce new products in the market, ranging from entry-level all the way up to most premium products available. Most recently at International Builders Show in January, we introduced the ultimate comfort system, the most advanced and efficient air conditioning, heating and air quality system ever created led by the new XC25 Air Conditioner and the new iHarmony Zoning System. Lennox offers a complete system that allows homeowners to achieve customized comfort and control. The XC25 is the most precise and efficient air conditioner on the market with industry-leading efficiency of 25 shear as equipped with silent comfort technology that keeps sound level to a minimum. And the XC25 cooling output can be changed in increments of just 1%, providing energy savings and comfort for the homeowner. For the ultimate control, the new iHarmony Zoning System solves a problem of uneven or uncomfortable temperatures throughout our home and reduces homeowners energy costs. The iHarmony directs air to specific areas in the home while decreasing the airflow in others, by using motorized dampers that allow homeowners to change the temperature throughout the entire house or only in a particular area. The iHarmony Zoning System can also be configured with the icomfort Wi-Fi thermostat and controlled by an iPhone, iPad or android device, putting precise comfort at the homeowners fingertips. In commercial, our new rooftop product called Raider to attack the emergency replacement market in North America is in production and available to customers starting this quarter. We’re very excited about this launch and the opportunities available. Emergency replacement for commercial rooftops comprises about 45% of the $3 billion-unitary market in North America. This has not been an area of traditional focus for Lennox compared to our success and planned replacement in commercial new construction. With Raider, we now have the right product to sell to contractors in the segment of the market to prioritize upfront cost. And we continue to invest in distribution to provide a high level of same-day next-day delivery that customers require for emergency replacement. I’ll now turn it over to Joe.
Joe Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I’ll provide some additional comments and financial details on the business segments for the quarter and the full year starting with residential heating and cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was $305 million, up 9%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 9% and price mix was flat on revenue. Residential profit in the fourth quarter was $12 million, down 27%. Segment profit margin was 4%, down 200 basis points from the fourth quarter a year ago. Segment margin was negatively impacted by higher incentive compensation as planned, lower mix and a step up in strategic investments for distribution expansion that is planned to benefit us 12 to 18 months out. Segment margin was positively impacted by higher volume and lower raw material cost. For the full year, residential segment revenue was $1.4 billion, up 9%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 11%, price was up slightly and mix was down 2%. Segment profit was $103 million, up 17%. Segment profit margin was 7.5%, up 50 basis points. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. In the fourth quarter, commercial revenue was $188 million, up 4%. Currency had a negative 1% impact, volume was up 4% and price and mix were up 1%. Both North America commercial HVAC equipment and service revenue were up high single digits at constant currency. Europe commercial HVAC revenue was down high single digits at constant currency. Commercial segment profit for the fourth quarter was $25 million, up 25%. Segment profit margin was 13.5%, up 220 basis points from the prior-year quarter. Segment margin was positively impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower material costs, with an offset from higher incentive compensation. For the full year, commercial revenue was $785 million, up 1%. Currency had a negative 2% impact, volume was up 2% and price and mix were up 1%. Segment profit was $100 million, up 14%. Segment profit margin was 12.7%, up 140 basis points. In our refrigeration segment, revenue for the fourth quarter was $192 million, up 2%. Currency was neutral, volume was up 1% and price and mix were up 1%. From a regional perspective in constant currency, Asia Pacific was up more than 20%, South America was up high-single digits, North America was down mid-single digits and Europe was down low-double digits. Segment profit was $21 million, down 4% from the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was 11.1%, down 60 basis points. Segment margin was negatively impacted by higher incentive compensation as planned with higher offsets from higher volume, excuse me -- with offsets from higher volume, favorable price mix and lower material costs. For the full year, refrigeration revenue was $788 million, down 2%. Currency had a negative 2% impact, volume was down 3% and price and mix were up 3%. Segment profit was $82 million, up 6%. Segment profit margin was 10.4%, up 80 basis points. Looking at special items in the fourth quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $2 million, including $700,000 from restructuring activities. For the full year, Lennox had net after-tax special charges of $3.6 million, including $2.7 million from restructuring activities. Corporate expenses were $16 million in the fourth quarter, up from $14 million in the prior-year quarter. And for the full year, corporate expenses were $60 million, up from $55 million in the prior year, primarily on higher incentive compensation. Overall, SG&A was $127 million in the fourth quarter, up from $104 million in the prior-year quarter. All of 2012, SG&A was $507 million, up from $477 million in the prior year, primarily from higher incentive compensation. Cash from operations was $221 million for the full year, up from $76 million last year. Capital spending was $50 million in 2012 compared to $41 million in 2011, resulting in free cash flow of $171 million for the full year, up from $35 million in the prior year. Now, looking at liquidity, cash and cash equivalents were $52 million at the end of December. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 1.4 ending the year within our target range of one to two times. Total debt was $387 million at the end of the year, down $94 million from the third quarter of 2012 and down $79 million from the fourth quarter a year ago. Before I turn over to Q&A, I’ll review our outlook for 2013. One month end of the year, our market assumptions for 2013 remain the same as we discussed at the Analyst Day in mid-December. We expect the North America residential and commercial unitary markets to be up single digits. We expect Europe HVAC and refrigeration markets to be down low-single digits for 2013. And based on these market assumptions -- market shipments assumptions, guidance for our revenue growth is 2% to 6% for 2013 with a neutral impact from foreign exchange. As discussed at the Analyst Day, there are several puts and takes we expect for 2013. We expect about $10 million of headwind from lower mix in the residential business this year due to more 13 shear products and faster growth in residential new construction. Corporate expense is expected to be approximately $70 million in 2013, up from $60 million in 2012. We continue to expect approximately $30 million from material costs savings through a combination of source initiative and engineering-led cost reductions, and we currently project $20 million of price and commodity mix tailwind in 2013. We expect about two-thirds of the $30 million material costs savings to be in the second half of 2013, and about half of the $20 million of favorable price and commodities impact to be in the second half of the year. Our 2013 guidance for EPS from continuing operations remains, $3.15 to $3.55. To wrap up a few of the guidance points for 2013, we expect net interest expense for the year of about $18 million. We expect a tax rate of 34% to 35% for the year. Our average weighted diluted share count for the full year is expected to be approximately 49 million shares and for capital spending we expect about $60 million in 2013, as we continue to focus on transformational investments in the businesses. And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. You have said pretty straight forward on a lot of things, but a few question. First on the success that you guys are having on the residential side, right. Obviously it’s a new construction mix, which I think is helping you guys, but how should we think about continuation of that top line growth for you guys and if you can also comment a bit on sort of the overall competitive dynamics as it relates to that?
Todd Bluedorn: If you look at over the last 12 months and I think in resi share you have to look over 12-month period. But I think it’s tough to look quarter-to-quarter given the timing of different distribution models. But over 12-month period, industry is up 2% and unit shipments were up double digits and its both new construction, but we are also gaining share in replacement market. And I think that reflects the investments that we’ve made in our PartsPlus distribution model, doubling the number of locations over last three years and plans to double it again over the next three years combined with the investments that we’ve made in product. So, I think it’s both winning in new construction and that market came back very strong. But I also think we are winning in the replacement market.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: And guys, so you do expect that market share gain dynamics to continue for you guys given what you are doing, right. So that’s what I was trying to get at more.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. Well, I mean, I’d answer it this way, history being a predictor of the future. The strategies that we’ve embarked upon building out distribution and investing in new products, we continue to do that. We talked a little bit where I talked a little bit on the call about some new resi product. So we are really excited about 2013.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: Got it. One final question then for me guys. So incentive new payment is a good problem to have because I think should come better than expected. But how do we think about, has it being trued up now to a point where for the residential side of the business, the incentive comp is no longer going to be a drag to the margin in ‘13 or how should we think about that?
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is yeah. Maybe let me, Sanjay, go a little bit and just talk about the residential margins because my guess is there is probably some questions to talk about there. So number one, we talked about on the phone call. We said there was about $23 million year-over-year on incentive comp and that simply -- quite frankly, we had a tough year in 2011 and so we didn’t pay a whole lot of incentive comp and we had a pretty good year in 2012 when we did pay it and that’s the difference. And out of the $23 million you can sort of pro ratted it out based on revenue and we said $15 million of it was in fourth quarter alone. So if you pro rate, you can pro rate that based on revenue where half of it or so goes to the resi business. The other thing we talked about with margins on resi is we talked about the strategic investments we’ve made in PartsPlus. Back in the second half of 2011 given all the uncertainties we saw in the market, we put PartsPlus on hold until the whole second half of 2011, we only added one new store. And in the second half of 2012, we added 17 stores and so given that it takes 12 to 18 months for these stores to ramp up, we made a big investment in second half of 2012 where we saw some of that drag in fourth quarter as these stores start to ramp up. We think it really positions us, as we are getting into the cooling season of 2013 to have all these new stores online. And if you sort of take those two elements and sort of pro ratted if you will, you see that our operating margins in resi were up about 100 basis points with those investments.
Sanjay Shrestha - Lazard Capital Markets: That’s all I had, guys. That’s great. Thank you and congratulations.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: Keith?
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: I’m sorry. Can you hear me now?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Sorry about that. Your comment that equipment and residential was up 30% of Lennox Hearth, was up for the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: If we said that, we didn’t mean to say that. I think what we said is on full-year basis residential new -- the residential new construction portion of the business was up 30%.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. I misread a bit.
Todd Bluedorn: I wish it was up 30%.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: I bet you did. I was about to say, what was down to some of these residential numbers. Switching over to commercial in Europe, I believe you said it was down high single digits. So, I assume that was for the quarter. What was it for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: I’m looking around the room. I think it was flattish on constant FX for the full year, but some how, I will sort of stick a number in my ear. But what, Keith, we continue to see slowness in Europe as we had in the first quarter and we were profitable last year on sort of flattish revenue. We continue to sort of take the time, and make the investments to take some cost out of the business and we are doing that as we enter first quarter.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: That’s something that would be up for a strategic review, and now it’s been and kind of up and down for many years now.
Todd Bluedorn: We’ve shown, I think that we are not afraid to parse the portfolio, but we like our European business. We think, when you sort of combine our refrigeration business and our HVAC business in Europe, we think we’re -- if not at we are close to critical mass and I think that’s the business we continue to grow. I think we’ve got it down to cost basis where we are making mid to high single-digit losses depending on the business that we have the business that I’m talking about in Europe but we like it. 
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Okay. Final question. In your ‘13 guidance when you said us in the Analyst Day that you expect mix to be a headwind in residential for ‘13 and your high percentage of ‘13. Is that the builder impact on the business in your projections?
Todd Bluedorn: I think its two things, Keith. It’s the faster R&C growth as you suggested, but it’s also a continued pressure on the consumer and continuing the mix down on the replacement market albeit at a slower rate than we’ve seen in the last few years.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: Why was there continued to be mix down if we are slowly coming out of the pretty horrendous downturn in the last four, five years? I would expect it to be going, at least marginally the opposite way.
Todd Bluedorn: I hope you are right then we won’t have negative $10 million of mix. But it’s -- there’s still lot of things on the horizon that affect the -- not the least of which is, there’s going to be some budget wrangling. It takes place right when we get federal budget wrangling. It takes place right when we go into the summer selling season. So my crystal ball is maybe cloudy on what consumer confidence is going to be in the U.S. as we get into the summer selling season.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: All right. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Market. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: So just to wrap up on the one-timers, so you said it looks like their incentive spending -- can you quantify what -- I’m sorry, what the investment spending was in the quarter in residential?
Todd Bluedorn: On distribution?
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Yeah. In the order of magnitude a couple million.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Couple million. Okay. So incrementals were kind of more normal if you strip out that in the incentive comp?
Todd Bluedorn: When I do the math, if you do the incentive comp sort of take half-ish of the $15 million and a couple million or so for the investment distribution, margins are up order of magnitude of 100 basis points in resi, which is more in line with what you would expect.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. Okay. Perfect. And then, can you give me an early read out on what you’re seeing in terms of price actions that you’ve taken?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, we announced -- the Carrier announced, the Trane announced the price increase, Goodmen announced the price increase, Nordyne had announced the price increase and so far so good. I mean, as we all know, everyone in the industry announces an umbrella price increase. You will get the full amount you announce, but it looks like so far that we’re sort of a -- maybe back to a normalized industry where people announced a price increase at the beginning of the year before we go into the season and we make it stick. We’ll know more as we get into the summer but so far, so good.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. And then anything in the order trends in commercial or what you are seeing in residential for Q and into 1Q kind of shade your view at all on ‘13 growth rates, or kind of how you frame the guidance, it’s not unchanged but…?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, as you know first quarter is always our seasonally lightest period. But the quarters after that will start with some colder weather in January versus last year. But up to half of our shipments can take place in March and so it’s early. And we also, as we talked about some of the guidance that we expect two thirds of the $30 million material costs savings to be in the second half. So some of the cost savings have pushed out, but from a market viewpoint so far, so good. And as we talked about in the script, we’ve seen the commercial markets stabilized a bit which is good news. And again that may change as we get in the some of the more -- the additional budget wrangling at the end of the quarter but so far so good on commercials.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: And your comment, the commercial stabilizing, is that functionally that some of the national account push outs are abating?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead/
Drew Pierson - J.P. Morgan: Hi. Good morning. It’s Drew on for Steve. Just hoping I could get an update on refrigeration. I wasn’t sure if it’s maybe doable but of the similar margin walk to there, and then just kind of give an update on what’s going on with the Kysor/Warren integration and then any other kind of margin details for the 4Q?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the margin details for our refrigeration business is driven by the incentive comp and so they are about a quarter of our business. And so, I think you can pro rata out the incentive comp to them by about the same amount. Operationally, they had a solid quarter again. Kysor/Warren, we continued to be on track on the cost side of the business. The revenue side has been a bit soft as grocery has in 2012, so it tightened up about halfway through the year not only for us but with all of our competitors. But KW’s a great acquisition and we think we’ve done a really good job integrating it and we have some big plans in ‘13 and beyond for KW.
Drew Pierson - J.P. Morgan: That’s helpful. And then back to resi, maybe just give color on the Allied versus Lennox split and then maybe what you saw from independent distribution channel, their stocking behavior? I know there has been some kind of diversions in the timing of price increases. So maybe give that split and some color?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. It’s hard for me to figure out. When competitors do things or don’t do things and so those having independent distribution, what they are doing in terms of loading the channel I guess is a correct phrase to use. So, I guess I don’t have a whole lot of cap color to add there. On the Allied-Lennox comment, we continue to make investments in both those business and continue to win in both those businesses. And so you we had solid quarters in both our Lennox and Allied businesses.
Drew Pierson - J.P. Morgan: With similar levels of growth?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t know if they are similar. I mean, I think some of the investments we’ve made in PartsPlus have really sort of -- and the exposure to new construction have sort of helped the Lennox branded business because our Allied business really doesn’t play in new construction at 30% we are seeing in the Lennox business. So Lennox grew faster than Allied.
Drew Pierson - J.P. Morgan: Okay. That’s helpful. Thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Rich.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Question on, Todd, regarding the, what you’re seeing on the national accounts. So you said, basically here at this last quarter, sound like some of the non-national accounts were stronger, you continue see the push outs? If we think about margin flow through, if national accounts are stabilizing, there is potential improvement later in the year? Does that come through at a lower margin versus the non-national accounts? Is there any significant difference there?
Todd Bluedorn: No.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: … is short answer, I mean, again, we sort of cost and price it and a little bit margin agnostic on the two segments.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. So it doesn’t matter in terms of the mix. Okay. And then on the, I know you don’t give quarterly guidance, but we think about the first quarter here, as you mentioned seasonally slowest quarter, last year had a pretty strong March on residential side nice rebound. Anything we should be considering here as we think about first quarter just for modeling purposes?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the thing I throw out both in the Q&A and call about the $30 million material cost savings being two-thirds, are those savings second half of the year. So if you laid that in your model, linearly, linear fashion I’d revisit it. And then we talked about, I don’t know, if I said it on the call, just having the Q&A in front of me. But the $20 million pricing commodity tailwind will be split 50/50 and so if you front-end loaded some of that, I would spread it out equally throughout the year.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Great. That’s all I have. Thanks so much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Jane Zhao - Morgan Stanley: Hi. This is Jane calling in for Nigel. Joe, just a couple questions I think. First on inventory, it looks little bit of high year-over-year, is this indication of stronger like expectation for demand going forward into 1Q?
Joe Reitmeier: Not really I think I just said a timing of when we build and what we build. I think the thing I would underline with inventory and broader working capitals we had an outstanding fourth quarter and a very good year, where we are almost 200% of GAAP net income. And so, yeah, I mean, short answer is, given our guidance we think the markets are going to -- our revenue is going to be up in 2013 and we build some inventory to take care of that.
Jane Zhao - Morgan Stanley: I see. So for the inventory build, is it mainly for heating or cooling products, is it possible to get a breakdown?
Joe Reitmeier: We don’t really sort of get into that level of detail. I’m honest answer is, right now, even in the middle of the, even in fourth quarter we are building, we are selling half our loads as air conditioner, so we air conditioners on the yearly basis. So we are building both of those. And the real ramp up for the cooling season inventory starts more in February, where we, now are starting to build, what you would have seen at the end of the year was just inventory as we are coming off of the peak of the heating season.
Jane Zhao - Morgan Stanley: Got it. That’s very helpful. And another question just on the R22 mix, I guess, R22 itself is going to be lower in ‘13 and do you expect to see some margin benefit from that in ‘13?
Joe Reitmeier: What we’ve talked about is that we think we are going to have mix headwind next year of $10 million both from faster growth in [RFP] and more ‘13 that the elimination of -- or the decrease in R22 as a percentage of our sales, we think helps drive revenue as people buy fuller systems, but there is still a pressure on margins, we think it is going to about $10 million headwind next year.
Jane Zhao - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Got it. Cool. All right. That’s it. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Joe Reitmeier: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Hey. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Rob.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: I wanted to ask just sort of bigger picture question about the competitive environment in commercial, it seems though you guys have been winning share for quite a while though and I’ve you asked before, I’m not sure, you are willing to quantify the net rooftops versus gross? But it seems though you continue to win share and I’m wondering if you are seeing any stepped up competitive response? And then secondary question, does the Raider product help you, I apologize for forgetting at all, with national accounts or is that more or just mom and pops?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me answer second question first, it doesn’t help with national accounts although I wouldn’t quite -- I wouldn’t label it as mom and pops. I think I’ll label it as emergency replacements. So I know what you mean by mom and pops, yeah, it’s sort of local businessman, local rooftop often within intermediary and between. So what they want is the landlord is to meet your contractual obligations at the lowest landed cost. And that products without segment of the market accounts for 45% of the total rooftop market in North America, huge segment. We have low-single digit share, mid-single digit share in that segment, big opportunity for us. And it’s about two things, it’s about having the right product which we now have with Raider which means cost but the features that people need, but nothing more and in distribution and we’ve launched the initiative, we call it ERA, emergency replacement. And while we now have and we are in plan -- we have doubled our distribution over the last couple of years and we have plans to double it again in commercial distribution. And again it’s getting those rooftops on the ground at the right cost point is a big deal. So we think that’s a big growth opportunity for us.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: And just a bigger picture, competitive response as you’re seemingly continue that, I mean, I just don’t have share numbers?
Joe Reitmeier: Yeah. Short answer is everybody pushes back and we have some very good competitors technically and distribution wise. And so they continue to go after national accounts but -- and we continue to spin the [fly ball] as quicker, quicker on innovation and we continue to hold our own.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Okay. Thanks.
Joe Reitmeier: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) and we have a question from the line of Glenn Wortman with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company: Yeah. Good morning, everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Glenn.
Joe Reitmeier: Hey, Glenn.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company: Yeah. I was actually going to ask about the commercial competitive position but -- as well but then, I guess, shifting over to refrigeration, can you just comment on your competitive position there and any market outperformance, if any that you expressed in 2012 and will you anticipate heading into 2013?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. I think across the board in refrigeration, so at the same points about the investments that we’ve made in product differentiation in our traditional HVACR business in North America, I think we probably gained same share. We’re pretty confident in our international business, most namely South America and Australia. We had a nice year. In our Kysor/Warren business, our share was sort of flattish probably in 2012. And I think that’s an opportunity going forward for us to grow share as you know that’s a sort of a three-party race. And I think the largest competitor, Hussman people are looking for alternatives and I think that’s a big opportunity for us.
Glenn Wortman - Sidoti & Company: Yeah. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: And we have no more questions in queue at this time.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks Operator. A few points, I want to leave everybody with. 2012 was the year of strong earnings growth and cash generation for the company. And we continue to make key strategic investments to position us for strong performance in 2013 and beyond. Momentum continued in the fourth quarter with revenue growth and strong operational performance across all our businesses. From significant share gains and strong new construction growth in residential, the pickup in national account business and refrigeration and commercial as well as the opportunities in the emergency replacement market, we are focused on continued momentum for the company and our outperformance in 2013. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-22 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Todd Bluedorn – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Joseph Reitmeier – Chief Financial Officer Steve Harrison – Vice President, Investor Relations
Analysts: Robert Barry – UBS Steve Tusa – JP Morgan Jeff Hammond – Keybanc Capital Markets Keith Hughes – SunTrust Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Co.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Q3 2012 Earnings conference call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question and answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the third quarter of 2012. I’m here today with Todd Bluedorn, Chairman and CEO, and Joe Reitmeier, CFO. Todd will review the key points on the quarter and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation for the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measure. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We’ll archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. In addition, on the website you will find revised 2011 and 2012 quarterly earnings statements and 2007 through 2011 annual earnings statements that show the effect of the Service Experts business moving to discontinued operations and the move of the Lennox National Accounts Services business to the commercial business segment. On the call today, unless otherwise noted, the discussion and financial results will be based on continuing operations after the movement of these businesses. We’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understand of our operations we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Let me take you through a few key points in the third quarter and then Joe will discuss the financial results in a bit more detail in our outlook. Total company revenue in the quarter was up 3% at constant currency led by 9% growth in our residential business. FX had a negative 2% impact in the quarter. Volume and price were up and mix was down. Total segment profit margin expanded 150 basis points to 10% in the third quarter. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.97, up 23%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was also $0.97, up 47%. Free cash flow year-to-date through September was 36 million compared to a negative 28 million in prior year period. We’ve purchased 35 million of stock in the quarter and plan a minimum of 50 million for the full year. In the third quarter, we also announced an 11% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.27 per share. This is a 30% payout ratio, at the midpoint of our 2012 guidance. In our residential business, segment profit was up 20% on the 9% revenue growth. Residential continued to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities in new construction for us in the third quarter with equipment revenue up more than 25%. Equipment revenue from replacement business was up high single digits. For the third quarter in a row, equipment sales outpaced replacement parts and supplies. Our residential business continued to see some downward mix pressure in the quarter. There were several reasons for this: first, new construction continued to grow faster than replacement business, and new construction tends to have a higher mix of minimum efficiency systems. Second, we continue to have some mix-down within our cooling products to more minimum efficiency. Overall, 13 SEER shipments increased two points above the prior quarter to 65% of cooling product shipments. And finally, a relatively warm month of September led to more cooling and less heating product shipments than in the prior year quarter; however we saw continued good news in our 22 shipments. They were down in the quarter, and we now expect them to be flat to slightly down from a year ago on a full-year basis. You see this in our revenue growth numbers are we are doing better on system sales from a year ago. Pulling together all these pieces, we have faster growth in new construction versus replacement, continued mix-down in replacement, flat to slightly down R22, and higher overall residential revenue. Our guidance for mix headwind has increased from $15 million up to $20 million for the full year. In the third quarter, residential continues its strong performance and has significantly outpaced the market this year. October is off to a good start but seasonally it is the lightest month of the fourth quarter for shipments. With weather turning cooler across North America and heating season setting in, we are focused continuing the momentum we have seen this year in residential. Turning to our commercial HVAC and refrigeration businesses, as I mentioned on webcasts at conferences in September, we were seeing some national account business in North America pushed out to the right. As a result, we expected the third quarter to be lighter and the fourth quarter to be stronger. This still looks to be the case. For commercial, in the third quarter revenue was up 1% at constant currency and segment profit was up 5%. North America commercial revenue was down low single digits. While some national account plan replacement business saw push-outs, we continued to gain momentum with our growth initiative in the emergency replacement market and see continued success with our Landmark product line. In Europe, revenue was up high single digits at constant currency. The team has done a good job there of capitalizing on growth opportunities, especially in eastern Europe, despite the macroeconomic environment and uncertainty overall for Europe. In refrigeration, revenue was down 6% at constant currency but profit was up 22% on strong execution of operational initiatives. As I mentioned, we saw some national account business move out to the right. We therefore expect a stronger fourth quarter than third quarter in North America. In Europe in the third quarter, we saw some slowing and revenue was essentially flat at constant currency. Our other regions saw nice growth. Before I turn it over to Joe, let me make a few points on our strategic initiatives. In residential, we continued to expand our Lennox PartsPlus stores across North America as part of our HVAC growth strategy. We added 13 new locations in the third quarter and are now up to 100 of these wholesale stores. We are targeting adding another eight locations in fourth quarter. Among the benefits, the PartsPlus stores are helping us gain market share by capturing new business with non-stocking HVAC dealers as well as better serving all dealers with equipment and parts, supplies and accessories. In Australia, we have focused our refrigeration operation on several initiatives to help drive growth, including growing refrigerant sales on our wholesale business in that country. We are seeing some success with this initiative and are making further investments to support the growth in that market. In Europe, we continue to look at the opportunities on a regional basis to further improve productivity for our commercial HVAC and refrigeration businesses as well as to best support our growth in that region. And finally regarding Service Experts, we announced in third quarter that we planned to divest this non-strategic business. We are affiliated with thousands of independent dealer contractors serving the residential and light commercial market across North America with our Lennox and allied brands of equipment. Service Experts consists of 108 dealer contractor branches and strategically it is not necessary for us to own them. With the recovery in the North American residential market this year and the interest we’ve had from potential acquirers, we are planning to sell this business as well as to establish a supply agreement for our equipment with the future owners of Service Experts. At this time, I will just say that we are making good progress towards the sale of the business and we will keep you updated as appropriate. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. I’ll provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the third quarter, revenue for residential heating and cooling was $386 million, up 9%. Volume was up 12%, price was up slightly, and mix was down 3%. Currency was neutral. Residential segment profit was $38 million, up 20%. Segment profit margin was 9.8%, up 100 basis points. Results were primarily impacted by higher volume, lower material costs, productivity initiatives, and favorable price with offsets from mix, higher SG&A expenses, and investments in distribution. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business, in the third quarter commercial revenue was $220 million, down 2%. Volume was flat and price and mix were up 1%. Currency had a negative 3% impact on revenue. North America commercial HVAC revenue was down low single digits. Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up high single digits at constant currency but down mid-single digits at actual currency. Commercial segment profit was $33 million, up 5% from the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 14.8%, up 90 basis points. Results were primarily impacted by favorable price mix, lower material costs and productivity initiatives, with an offset from higher SG&A expenses. In our refrigeration segment, revenue in the third quarter was $204 million, down 9%. Currency had a negative 3% impact, volume was down 12%, and price mix was up 6%. On a regional basis in constant currency, South America was up mid-teens, Asia Pacific was up high single digits, Europe was down low single digits, and North America was down mid-teens on the timing of national account business. Segment profit was $25 million, up 22%. Segment profit margin was 12.3%, up 310 basis points. Refrigeration results were primarily impacted by favorable price mix, lower material costs, and productivity initiatives with offsets from lower volume and higher SG&A expenses. Turning to discontinued operations, Service Experts moved to discontinued operations this quarter due to our previously announced intent to divest the business. Service Experts revenue excluding national accounts services was $98 million in the third quarter, down 18%. On an operating basis, Service Experts had a pre-tax loss of $5.9 million or a loss of $0.08 per share. This compares to revenue of $120 million and a pre-tax profit of $3 million or $0.04 per share in the prior year quarter. Service Experts also had goodwill impairment of $17.7 million after tax in the third quarter of 2012. Discontinued operations in the third quarter also included a $1.1 million after-tax gain primarily related to the final working capital adjustments from the divestiture of our hearth business in April of 2012. Not included in discontinued operations, to be clear, is the Lennox National Accounts Service business. This business was formerly reported within the Service Experts business segment but now is reported in the commercial business segment. NA asset revenue of $23 million in the third quarter and EBIT margin of 12.8%. Looking at special items in the third quarter for continuing operations, the company had $300,000 in after-tax restructuring charges, $900,000 after-tax for the net change in unrealized gains an open futures contracts, and a $600,000 after-tax charge for other items. Corporate expenses were $14 million in the third quarter, down from $15 million in the prior year quarter, and for 2012 our corporate expense guidance remains 65 to $70 million. Overall, SG&A was $126 million in the third quarter, up 3% from the prior year quarter. For the first nine months of 2012, SG&A is up 2%. For the third quarter, cash from operations was $75 million compared to $140 million in the prior year quarter on the timing of working capital changes. Capital spending was $12 million in the third quarter, up from $8 million in the prior year quarter. Free cash flow was $63 million in the third quarter compared to $132 million in the quarter a year ago. Free cash flow year-to-date through September was $36 million compared to a negative $28 million in the prior year quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $49 million at the end of September. Our debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.7 ending the quarter. Total debt was $481 million at the end of the quarter, down $48 million quarter-over-quarter and down $19 million from a year ago. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I will briefly talk about our full-year outlook for 2012 with one quarter to go. Looking first at our market assumptions, we continue to expect North American residential HVAC shipments to be up mid-single digits for the industrial. Our residential business has clearly outpaced the industry for the first nine months of 2012 with shipments up 12%. For the North America commercial unitary market, we continue to expect industry shipments to be up low single digits in 2012 and we continue to expect Europe HVAC and refrigeration shipments to be up low single digits as well for the industry. Based on these assumptions and the company’s performance year-to-date, as well as the effect of Service Experts moving to discontinued operations, we are adjusting our 2012 guidance. Revenue growth at constant currency increases from a range of 3 to 6% to a range of 5 to 7%. We continue to expect a negative one point impact from foreign exchange on a full-year basis resulting in revenue growth guidance at actual currency of 4 to 6%. We had previously expected commodity headwind on a full-year basis of 10 to $15 million and said that we would capture price to offset that. We still expect to capture price in that range but we now expect a commodity headwind of approximately $5 million for the full year, largely due to the decline in steel prices. Residential mix, however, as Todd discussed, is now expected to be a headwind of approximately $20 million for the full year versus our previous estimate of about $15 million. Our global sourcing and engineering-led cost reduction programs are on track and we still expect 20 to $25 million of savings for the full year. For SG&A, we still expect about a $20 million headwind this year based on the higher commission and the re-inflation of other variable incentive compensation aligned to 2012 performance targets. Our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations moves from a range of $2.35 to $2.65 to a range of $2.60 to $2.80. The midpoint of the guidance range increases from $2.50 to a midpoint of $2.70 for the year, which is up 20% from $2.25 last year. Our GAAP EPS from continuing operations guidance range increases from $2.30 to $2.60 to a range of $2.55 to $2.75. The weighted average diluted share count guidance for the full year remains approximately 51 million shares. We will expect our full-year tax rate to be 33 to 34%, and for capital spending we still expect approximately $55 million for all of 2012. And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Robert Barry with UBS.
Robert Barry – UBS: Hi guys. Good morning. I just wanted to make sure I understood all the moving pieces in the guidance. I mean, the midpoint is going up $0.20. Could you tell us what the impact is from moving Service Experts out?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I guess I’d probably think about it this way, if I understand the question that you have, Robert. I assume others have it, too. A couple points – one is from the guidance we had on the table before, the 2.35 to 2.65, Service Experts deteriorated in third quarter versus that guidance that we gave last time. And in our continuing operations, everything else reflecting a strong Q3 that we had, the new guidance is very much in line, maybe even slightly up versus the guidance that we had on the table before for the continuing operations.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay, got you. So adjusting for Service Experts, just so I’m clear, the continuing ops guidance for the other three businesses is about the same now as it was before.
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. And then I just wanted to clarify also what the guidance implies for the variable SG&A that I think was a negative 20 in your original outlook.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I think Joe sort of called it out in the script. We still expect it to be 20 million of headwind from re-inflating incentive comp in 2012.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. And then just finally on the—you had alluded to the PartsPlus stores helping to drive market share gain. I know a while back you had quantified that as about half of a $25 million EBIT benefit expectation. I was just curious kind of how you were tracking versus that, or if you can just dimension that share gain a little bit. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Let me punt a little bit, Robert – I think the short answer is we’ve gained significant share this year in Lennox Residential, and it’s often hard to sort of break out the different pieces of what’s driving it. At the December analyst day, we’ll take a crack at that and sort of give a little bit more insight on some of the drivers. But the short answer to your question is we’re seeing a share gain in Lennox PartsPlus even better than what we had hoped when we put them in place.
Robert Barry – UBS: Great, thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Steve Tusa at JP Morgan.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Hey, good morning. Could you just give us a breakdown around what your housing business did, and then what the R410A systems, if you can do this, sold into—you know, replacement markets did in the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: New construction in resi was up 25% year-over-year. What was the second question?
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: The second question was, I guess, there’s a lot of moving parts around R22 and 410A, and so I’m just curious – you know, R22 obviously is coming in weaker than expected, so I’m just curious as to 410A.
Todd Bluedorn: R22 as a percentage of the mix, as we said in the call, was down in the quarter versus a year ago, and we had been calling all along for it to be 25% of the mix this year. We’re now saying it’s going to be flat. More likely, it’s going to be down. On a year-to-date basis, it’s down versus last year. In terms of the system sales of 410A, I understand the question. It’s a little hard to calculate sort of all the pieces and how they attach, but I think you can look at our volume growth 12% in the quarter, and I think that’s reflecting the fact that we’re tying together system sales and getting furnace volume versus last year’s second and third quarter, where we didn’t.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Right. So what do you think—just a guess, are installs of 410A just condensing units? I’m just trying to get an idea around the consumer’s mindset. You’ve got housing up, which is a big help, obviously. You’ve got R22 down. Does that mean the 410A replacements, the condensing units are up? And if they are, it seems like it’s kind of low to mid-single digits – is that right?
Todd Bluedorn: Our add-on and replacement for the quarter was up high single digits, so we were up 25% in new construction portion of our business, up 9% in add-on and replacements, and then if you do all that weighted math, it implies—
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: You get to the 12.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. And we were flat to down on parts, so you sort of roll that in and you get the weighted average.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Okay, that’s perfect. And as far as price cost is concerned, obviously a little bit more of a benefit here. How does that kind of roll forward into next year, the way your hedges work? Do you already have a benefit dialed in, and also what’s the approach on upcoming pricing into next year?
Todd Bluedorn: No, we always try and get price in the market, and part of that is as we roll into 2013, we’ll have more visibility on the end markets. You know, it’s early on 2013, although I guess it’s getting later as we get closer; but if spot prices on copper and market prices on steel stayed where they are today, we’d have some tailwind going into 2013 from commodities.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Okay. And then one last question – you guys are a big—you know, a relatively larger furnace play here. You guys have a very easy comp to a warm winter last year. There is also the furnace regulation, I guess, that’s coming up and changing. We’ve heard that some of the newer furnaces are a lot more expensive to install. Do you think you’re going to see any kind of pre-buy associated with that here in the fourth quarter as contractors tell people that the 80% is obviously a lot cheaper than 90%? And the second question, I guess, is do I have that wrong? Am I getting the wrong information from the channel on that?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, let me come at it this way. At least with our product line, it’s not more expensive to install our new furnace versus our old furnace. Ninety percent efficient furnace costs more and the street price is more than the 80% furnace – that’s certainly true. But I think the more fundamental point is the way the implementation of the efficiency change is being implemented in the field is different than in the past. Where in the past it was implemented at the OEM level, which is you couldn’t make them after a certain date which means there is real incentive for a distributor and to a lesser degree dealer to sort of stock up on the units, which drove a pre-buy. While DOE is still sort of fine-tuning the implementation details and we’re waiting for them, and parenthetically may delay the implementation since we haven’t gotten them yet, but the way we understand it right now, the way the implementation is going to work is the dealer can no longer install them after the effective date. So any pre-buy would have to be the consumer deciding to buy a furnace and having an installer parts implementation date, and that’s a lot less likely. People just don’t pull forward their decisions and replace furnaces until they have a reason to.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Yeah. I guess what I’ve been hearing is that the new furnaces are—because you have to clean out some pipes or something like that, that they’re a couple times more expensive to install. And so my point was if contractors were going to come somebody today that would just fix it, they’d say look, it’s going to be a lot more expensive to replace a couple years down the road, so just do it now. I guess what you’re saying is that’s not the case.
Todd Bluedorn: I’m saying it may happen on the margins, but our experience is consumers, even a dealer they trust or contractor they trust that the furnace is working, they have someone tell you to pull it forward because, they’re not likely to do that.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Right, okay. All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to the line of Jeff Hammond at Keybanc Capital Markets.
Jeff Hammond – Keybanc Capital Markets: Hey, good morning guys. So back to the moving pieces in the guidance, because I—I mean, the guidance at the midpoint is going up by $0.20. I think just year-to-date, if I did the math correct, your Service Experts that you pulled out was about $0.29 excluding, I guess, the goodwill. So it just seems that that’s more than the guidance revision up, so just help me understand that. And then just on the revenue growth going up two points, how much of that is, again, kind of pulling out Service Experts, which has been down, versus maybe you can talk where your underlying revenue growth is going up in the remaining businesses.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s what I said before, Jeff, that we were disappointed in third quarter with the Service Experts performance, and so the guidance we had on the table, even when we reiterated three or four weeks ago when we announced Service Experts, we were disappointed on the outcome of third quarter for Service Experts. I think that sort of helps explain some of the math that you’re looking at. On the revenue side, it’s largely Service Experts coming out because we’re down year-to-date and expect to be down second half of the year. And the way I think about sort of the color within the core business is resi is probably a little stronger than what we had thought, but the commercial businesses during the second half of the year were probably a little softer than what we thought. But net-net in the core business or continuing operations, revenue is about where we thought it was going to be with the prior guidance. So it’s really—that’s a lot of words, but the long and the short of it is the change, both in earnings and in revenue guidance, is exclusively or very, very large part driven by Service Experts.
Jeff Hammond – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, perfect. And then you talked about all the timing issues in national accounts, and the same token it sounds like you’re seeing some commercial softness. So what’s kind of just timing versus your customers maybe starting to act differently, whether it be macro uncertainty or otherwise versus just things moving around quarter to quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: You know, our sense right now is it’s timing of things being pushed out; and again, we keep asking ourselves, does this feel like 2008, 2009? It doesn’t. We’re still getting strong signals from our large national account customers, and we saw some push-out really in the grocery segment in North America in our refrigeration business, some push-out in North America commercial in our HVAC business. But the orders and the backlog appear solid for fourth quarter. We’re talking to our customers all the time, and so far, so good.
Jeff Hammond – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a final question – and maybe this is jumping the gun a little bit – but I think you mentioned as you think into 2013, maybe if commodities stay where they are, that’s a tailwind. But can you talk about maybe just some of the things that as you move into ’13, whether it be restructuring or how you think about these PartsPlus efforts and the savings there, maybe what you’re still doing on the sourcing front? Maybe just some of the things that you can control moving into 2013 that you feel good about, just regardless of what the market does; and certainly if there is any headwinds against that, point those out as well.
Todd Bluedorn: As you well know, Jeff, in mid-December we’ll give more chapter and verse, but let me give you a couple high-level things to think about. We continue to focus on the sourcing initiatives and the engineering-led cost reductions, like moving from copper to aluminum where possible, for example. Order of magnitude, we currently expect a comparable level of savings of 2013 that we saw in 2012 – 20 to 25 million. As I said earlier, due to the nature of our hedging program, if everything stays where it is right now in terms of pricing in the market for copper and for steel, we would expect that to be a tailwind in 2013. We target SG&A to grow at half the rate of revenue, and sort of the re-inflation we had this year from long-term incentive comp, we won’t have next year so we won’t have the headwind next year. And so if revenue goes up, you’d expect a bounce in the margins of SG&A as a percentage of sales improving. And then sort of the broader answer to your question around PartsPlus, around product introduction to include control systems, to include the continued development of our furnace product line up in residential, the advances in energy efficiency both in our commercial HVAC and refrigeration businesses, we’ve gained pretty significant share for us this year and we expect that momentum and the investments that we’ve made to continue in 2013.
Jeff Hammond – Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Keith Hughes at SunTrust.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you. The business that you discussed, the national accounts business that was pushed out in commercial, do you think that will come back in the fourth quarter or it could be early ’13 before that’s realized?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, right now when we talk to the customers, Keith, we think while we were down in that segment of the business in third quarter, we think we’ll be flat to slightly up in fourth quarter. So the short answer is we think some of it’s been pushed out to fourth quarter.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust: So I mean, your revenue guidance, by interpolation, you should be having a big fourth quarter revenue. Can you just kind of walk through the three segments of what do you think at this point the fourth quarter will look like in terms of revenue growth?
Todd Bluedorn: Again, we don’t give quarterly guidance but I’ll sort of high level just reiterate the things we said in the script, which is we’ve had good momentum in resi and we think that continues, although it’s weather-driven and as we go into the heating season, it needs to cool down. But we’re off to a solid/strong October. We have to see what happens in November and December, and December’s our biggest month so there’s still a lot in front of us. In the commercial side of the business, we talked about—and I’ll lump commercial, HVAC and refrigeration together. We saw strong planned replacement in third quarter. We think that continues with some of the initiatives we put in place, both on the product side and on distribution. We saw solid Europe actually up for us in third quarter, and we think that given what we’ve seen on orders and backlog, that continues in fourth quarter. And then sort of the wild card is this national accounts, which is obviously a big piece of what we do in North America. And as we talk to customers, we think that’s going to be flat to slightly up after being down in third quarter.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust: Okay. Final question – in residential, can you talk about the pace of business in the quarter, did it accelerate, decelerate? What’s your view there?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, our September was in line with our July and August. We didn’t see anything drop off. We sort of saw a pretty linear quarter for us.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go next to the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo: Hi, good morning. A bigger picture question just on use of the balance sheet. I know the focus is to keep that pretty healthy and you’re going to be buying back some stock, but considering Daikin and the move there with Goodman, does that change your philosophy on either increasing scale, whether it’s here or internationally?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think it changes anything we’ve said in the past, Rich. I mean, we’ll keep debt to EBITDA just a little bit south of 2. We’ll invest in the business, and we think we’d be someone who could naturally consolidate the industry, and where it would make sense we would do that, whether it’s in North America resi or North America unitary, or globally on our refrigeration business. But we’re not going to jump into a deal just because Daikin bought Goodman. For the right deal that could create shareholder value, we’ll pull the trigger like we did on Kysor/Warren; but in lieu of that, we’ll give money back to shareholders in dividends and share buyback.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo: Internationally, are you seeing any greater opportunities in Europe considering the landscape over there? I know you’re performing fairly well, but just given the competitive landscape, what are you seeing out there in terms of opportunity?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I think there’s clearly more properties where people are interested in doing a deal. I think we just have to be very particular about what we would do in a market like Europe. I mean, I think doing the right deal could get us to critical mass and that could make a lot of sense, but at the same time, I think our strength’s in North America, our strength’s in refrigeration business both in Europe and around the world. So I think we just would have to find the right opportunity and if we did, we’d pull the trigger.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo: Okay, thanks so much.
Operator: Next we’ll go to the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Hey, good morning guys. Just a couple follow-ups here – most of my questions have been asked. But I just wanted to understand the net-net of some healthy volume outgrowth, and I think some of that coming from maybe a little bit overweight in the resi new construction side. Just how you guys net out the mix headwind versus kind of year-to-date share gains, should I think about that as a neutral on the year or maybe a slight headwind on that? Just maybe some color on that.
Todd Bluedorn: I think if I understood the question, we love when we grow with new construction, and so it creates—you know, we called out mix, so we continue to call out that number. But even though the number may go from 15 to 20 in part because of residential new construction growing faster than add-on replacement, it’s accretive to our EBIT. We like it. It’s good business for us and we wan to grow it as fast as we can.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Okay, so just to make sure I understand the question right, resi new construction, even though it’s all R410, is dilutive from a mix perspective?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, it tends to be a higher mix of 13 SEER – that’s the reason, right? So when you look at your mix of entry level versus non-entry level, RNC is a less rich mix, if that’s the right way to frame it, than AOR.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Got you. I guess I was under the impression that the market was so heavily biased towards 13 SEER that that would be kind of a small needle mover at this point.
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, an add-on replacement—you know, we give overall numbers, but a third to half of the market is still premium product, and so that’s still—and in dollar value, we think about half the market’s above 13 SEER. In unit, it’s more like a third. But there’s still a large part of the AOR that’s above 13 SEER – add-on and replacement that’s above 13 SEER.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Got you. Just a second one here, and maybe the data’s hard to come by, but it seems like some of the strongest weather support and the strongest replacement part of the season came from kind of northeast, midwest with some of those heat waves, and maybe the sun belt was a bit more normalized. Do you guys think you picked up share from just where you guys are relative to some other players – you know, in Florida and Texas and Georgia versus your strengths in maybe the northern part of the country – and should you think about that as a potential headwind in the next year? I guess, just any data you have on that or feedback from distribution.
Todd Bluedorn: No – I mean, I understand the question, but there are markets where we have historically not been strong, as strong as we are sort of in the central midwest. We had a very good summer, so I think obviously weather helps; but I really think it’s the things we’re doing. I think it’s the investments in the PartsPlus stores. I think it’s the investments that we’ve made in new product like our new furnace product line and our new iComfort Wi-Fi control system. I think quite frankly, this is a game where you can either share because you do things right or the other guys do things wrong. I think some of our competitors, pretty well publicized, have sort of stumbled at different times over the last 18 months, and I think we’ve taken advantage of that.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Got you. That’s helpful. And then just one last one – on commercial new construction, any signs of less bad there, or does that remain challenged? And I guess to the extent that there is any new construction there, what kind of properties are you guys seeing activity in—or verticals, I mean?
Todd Bluedorn: You mean commercial new construction or residential new construction?
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Yeah – commercial new construction, or what’s left of it.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. Again, as you know, we play in unitary. We’re seeing some growth in the verticals that we play in, most specifically some of the retail segments. Again, I’m not sure how long that continues as we go into 2013, but we’ve grown there. As you know, in our commercial HVAC business we’ve flipped from where we were three or four years ago. We’re now a little over two-thirds replacement market rather than new construction, so while new construction matters to us, we’re a lot less exposed to that than we were just a few years ago.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Sure. All right, thanks guys.
Operator: We’ll go next to the line of Sanjay Shrestha at Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Great, thank you. Good morning guys. First question – I know you don’t give the quarterly guidance, but given we’re now really one quarter left in the year, can you touch on some of the puts and the takes as to low end versus the high end of the EPS guidance – you know, what are the things you guys are thinking about as to the low versus the high?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the big variable would probably be commercial end markets, both commercial HVAC and refrigeration. I think maybe secondary, although order of magnitude may be the same, the same level would be residential. As we talk about, we have a week backlog, if you will, or a week forward look on our markets, and so as we go into November and December, there’s still a lot of uncertainties. I think on the cost side, we understand the equation pretty well and the productivity initiatives are all kicking in, so I think it’s more about unknowns in the marketplace.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Got you. So one follow-up, if I may – on the refrigeration side, I thin, Todd, you talked about some of the strategic initiative and bookings and backlog kind of getting better. So when we really look into ’13, is it fair to expect given some of the internal initiatives and everything you guys are trying to do, that that business should actually have a top-line growth year-over-year?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, we haven’t given 2013 guidance yet, but I think if I understand the question, could I expect refrigeration to grow next year, the short answer is absolutely. I think we have a great business there. We’re wining in the marketplace. The acquisition we’ve done on Kysor/Warren in North America is gaining traction, so yes, short answer is I could. But that’s a lot driven by the macro economic environment and sort of how things shake out.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Sure. So then on the Europe, right, you guys have been sort of having volume growth in that market given this European environment. So the question is how sustainable that is in your opinion; and two, is that strictly coming from the market share gains for you guys, and if there is anything you can share with us.
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I think it can continue. You know, as we’ve said before, we have a small position in Europe compared to the overall market in HVAC and in refrigeration, and so it’s possible for us to sort of outrun the market – that’s number one. Number two is our strength is France east, not France south, and so what I mean by that is we have position in Germany in our process cooling business, and we’ve seen growth in eastern Europe and Russia in both businesses, and projects there are still getting financed and we’re still growing.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, that’s all I had. Thank you so much, guys.
Operator: And once again, for questions please press star then one at this time. We’ll go to the line of Glenn Wortman with Sidoti & Company. Please go ahead.
Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Co.: Yeah, good morning everyone. Can you just help us better understand the margin improvement in refrigeration – up 310 basis points year-over-year, sales were down, I think, 9%.
Todd Bluedorn: You know, operationally we had a very good quarter in refrigeration with productivity, lower material costs, as well as a focus on improving mix and price in the quarter. I mean, the material cost reduction, there’s 20 to 25 million. We talked about that would be second half of the year, and a large chunk of that was in our refrigeration business and we’re reaping the fruits of our labor. Again, we’ll remain focused on strong operational performance and driving initiatives to continue to win with our refrigeration business.
Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Co.: And then just a longer term question – do you think you’re still on track for your segment profit margin targets for 2014 for each of your businesses?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, Glenn, lots of moving pieces given that we took SEI out of the mix. We’ll update all that in December. I think the point about operationally whether it’s material cost reduction, whether it’s mix, whether it’s share gains, we’re tracking as we hoped we would. I think the update that we’ll give on the core business will be what do we think the market’s doing and what’s the top line going to look like driven by how the external market performs.
Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Co.: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, and there are no further questions in queue so I’ll turn it back to Mr. Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you, Operator. I guess I’ll leave you with a couple key points. We’re strong growth in both new construction and replacement business. Our residential business has significantly outperformed the market this year and we look to continue that momentum in Q4 and beyond. Fourth quarter is off to a good start. We saw strong margin expansion in our commercial and refrigeration business in the third quarter. The top line growth was affected by the timing of national account business. Our backlog and order rates look solid for these businesses, and we expect the fourth quarter to outperform third quarter. With Lennox competitively well positioned and winning in the marketplace, we look forward to the fourth quarter of 2012 and on into 2013. I want to thank you all for joining us today. Thanks, Operator.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Steve L. Harrison – VP -IR Todd M. Bluedorn – Chairman & CEO Joseph W. Reitmeier – CFO & EVP 
Analysts:  Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan Jeffrey D. Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets Joshua Pokrzywinski Keith Brian Hughes – SunTrust Rob C. Wertheimer – Vertical Research Richard M. Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Claire Diesen – Morgan Stanley. Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International Q2 2012 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the second quarter of 2012. I’m here today with Todd Bluedorn, Chairman and CEO, and Joe Reitmeier, CFO. Todd will review the key points on the quarter and Joe will take you through the company’s financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to Chairman and CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before I begin, I’d like to introduce Joe Reitmeier, our CFO effective earlier this month. Joe has been the CFO of our Commercial Heating & Cooling business since 2007. Joe is a CPA with an MBA from Case Western Reserve University. Joe is a proven leader with a record of success at Lennox and he will bring a seasoned business perspective to the LII leadership team. So an official welcome as CFO, Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thanks, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Glad to be with you here today, and I look forward to working with Todd and the rest of the leadership team as CFO. I also look forward to working with everyone in the investment community, and I’ll have a chance to meet many of you in person at our upcoming conferences.
Todd Bluedorn: Great. Thanks, Joe. Let me take you through a few key points on the second quarter and then Joe will discuss the financial results in more detail and our outlook for the balance of the year. Total company revenue in the quarter was up 4% at constant currency led by 11% growth in our Residential business. The company overall had 2 points of negative impact on revenue from FX in the quarter. Volume and price were up and mix was down. Total segment profit margin expanded 20 basis points to 8.5% in the second quarter. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.96, up 12%. GAAP EPS from continuing operations was $0.93, up 9%. Cash generation was strong, with free cash flow $18 million better than second quarter last year and $133 million better in the first half than the same period a year ago. In addition to our quarterly dividend payout, we are set to repurchase a minimum of $50 million of stock in the second half of this year. In our Residential business, segment profit was up 19% on the 11% revenue growth. Residential capitalized on the significant growth opportunities in new construction for us in the second quarter as well as in the replacement market, where we saw above average temperatures in the quarter but comparable overall to the second quarter last year. Equipment revenue from residential new construction was up more than 30% in the second quarter. Equipment revenue from replacement business was up mid-teens. For the second quarter in a row, equipment sales outpaced parts, supplies and accessories. R22 shipments were comparable to what we saw last year in the second quarter, but R22 shipments spike up in the key summer months of June, July and August, and we still expect R22 shipments to be up year-over-year. Overall, we saw 13 SEER shipments increase 2 points about the prior year quarter to 68% of cooling product shipments. So based on the second quarter and so far in July, we continue to expect about $15 million of headwind to EBIT from Residential mix in 2012. Overall, it was another nice quarter for Residential. We’ve been outpacing the market and continue to aggressively move forward with our strategic initiatives for growth. We’re off to a strong start to the third quarter on continued strength in residential new construction, and July has been hot. That being said, the month of September makes up one-third of the quarter for the industry, and this is a transitional period to the heating season. Some caution is warranted with the consumer confidence still fragile and the political and economic uncertainties ahead in the second half of the year. Turning to our Commercial business, revenue was up 5% at constant currency. Segment profit was up 11%. Growth was comparable in both North America and Europe at constant currency, although there was a sizable negative impact from FX to Europe at actual currency. In North America, national account, new construction business was especially strong. Lennox continued to win in the marketplace with 15 new national accounts signed up in the second quarter, bringing the first half total to 24 new national accounts. In the first half alone, we have surpassed the total of 20 for all of last year, and are closing in on our best years of 2000 and 2008 for winning new accounts. In addition, we continue to gain momentum with our growth initiatives in the emergency replacement market and are seeing good success with our Landmark rooftops for that marketplace. In Service Experts, revenue was down 9%, primarily from a decline in the Residential business, and segment profit margin was 1.5%. In Refrigeration, revenue was flat at constant currency with Europe and Australia down mid-single digits in the quarter and all other regions up at constant currency. For the first time in a long time, we had a material impact from foreign exchange with a 5-point hit to revenue growth for the Refrigeration segment in total. Segment margin expanded 50 basis points to drive segment profit margin to 10.3%. While Refrigeration growth paused in the second quarter due to some softness in Europe and Australia and slower growth in North America due to the timing of some national account business, backlog looks solid and we continue to expect a solid second half for Refrigeration. Before I hand it over to Joe, let me make a couple of points on our strategic initiatives. In Residential, we continue to expand our Lennox PartsPlus stores across North America as part of our HVAC growth strategy. We are now up to 87 stores and plan to be in more than 100 stores by the end of the year. Among the benefits, the PartsPlus stores are helping us gain market share by capturing new business with non-stocking HVAC dealers, as well as better serving all dealers with equipment and parts supplies and accessories. We also continue to invest across our businesses and move forward with innovation like our new iComfort Wi-Fi communicating controller and our new Environ aluminum coils. In fact, our Product Vitality Index or percent of sales from new products introduced within the last three years and not mandated by government regulations has improved from the low 20% range in 2009 to the mid-40% range in the first half of this year. This is a real advantage for Lennox as we continue to win across the residential, commercial and refrigeration markets we compete in. Now I’ll turn it over to Joe.
Joseph Reitmeier: Thank you, Todd. I’ll provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $412 million, up 11%. Volume was up 14%. Price was up slightly and mix was down 3%. Currency was neutral to revenue growth. Residential segment profit was $42 million, up 19%. Segment profit margin was 10.2%, up 70 basis points. Results were primarily impacted by higher volume and sourcing and productivity initiatives with offsets from lower mix and a less favorable warranty adjustment than in the second quarter a year ago. Turning to our Commercial Heating & Cooling business: In the second quarter Commercial revenue was $201 million, up 1%. Volume was up 4% and price and mix were up 1% and currency had a negative 4% impact on revenue. North America commercial HVAC revenue was up mid single-digits. Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up mid single-digits at constant currency but down high single-digits at actual currency. Commercial segment profit was $30 million, up 11% from the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was 15%, up 130 basis points. Results were primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and sourcing and productivity initiatives with offsets from higher freight expenses and negative foreign exchange. Moving to our Service Experts business segment: Revenue was $133 million in the second quarter, down 9%. Currency had a negative 1% impact to revenue. Volume was down 9%. Price and mix were up 1% on improved mix from commercial service. Segment profit was $2 million compared to $3 million in the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was 1.5% compared to 2.2% in the second quarter a year ago. Results were primarily impacted by lower volume, partially offset by lower SG&A expenses driven by productivity initiatives. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the second quarter was $207 million, down 5%. Currency had a negative 5% impact to revenue growth. Volume was down 1% and price and mix were up 1%. On a regional basis in constant currency, South America was up low double-digits, China was up mid single-digits, North America was up low single digits and Europe and Australia were both down mid-single digits. Segment profit was $21 million, flat with the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was 10.3%, up 50 basis points. Refrigeration results were primarily impacted by favorable price and mix and sourcing initiatives with offsets from lower volume and negative foreign exchange. Looking at special items in the second quarter for continuing operations, the company had $400,000 in after-tax restructuring charges, $300,000 after-tax for the net change and unrealized losses on open futures contracts and $700,000 in after-tax charges for other items net. Corporate expenses were $16 million in the second quarter, up from $12 million in the prior-year quarter primarily due to higher variable incentive compensation. For 2012 our corporate expense guidance remains $65 million to $70 million. Overall SG&A was $173 million in the second quarter, up 2% from the prior-year quarter. For the first half of 2012, SG&A is roughly flat. For the second quarter, cash from operations was $24 million, up from $6 million in the prior-year quarter. Capital spending was $10 million in the second quarter consistent with the prior-year quarter. Free cash flow was $14 million in the second quarter compared to a negative $4 million in the prior-year quarter. For the first half, free cash flow improved by $133 million from the same period a year ago. Cash and cash equivalents were $69 million at the end of June. Our debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1 ending the quarter and we expect this to trend down through 2012. Total debt was $529 million at the end of the quarter, down $49 million from a year ago. Our 2012 plan is to repurchase a minimum of $50 million of stock in the second half of the year. We have $121 million remaining under our current stock repurchase authorizations. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll briefly talk about our outlook for 2012. Driven by the warm weather in June and July, we believe the summer season is coming in strong for the industry. We now expect Residential shipments for the industry overall to be up mid-single digits for 2012 versus our prior assumption of low single digit growth. Through the first half our Residential shipments clearly outpaced the industry. For the North American commercial unitary market, we continue to expect industry shipments to be up low single-digits in 2012 and we continue to expect Europe HVAC and Refrigeration shipments to be up low single-digits as well for the industry. Based on these assumptions and with half of 2012 completed, we are narrowing our guidance for revenue growth at constant currency from 2% to 6% to a range of 3% to 6%. We now expect a negative 1 point impact from foreign exchange on a full-year basis resulting in revenue growth guidance at actual currency of 2% to 5%. With commodity prices trending down, we now expect commodity headwind between $10 million to $15 million for the full-year versus our prior assumption of approximately $15 million. We continue to expect that price for the company will offset commodity headwind on a full-year basis. Our global sourcing and engineering led cost reduction programs are on track and providing real benefits for us. We continue to expect $20 million to $25 million of savings for the full year. We continue to closely manage cost as reflected in SG&A dollars being flat in the first half of the year on up revenue. However we still expect $20 million of headwind in SG&A this year due to the re-inflation of variable incentive compensation for this year’s performance targets. We are raising our adjusted EPS from continuing operations guidance from a range of $2.20 to $2.60 to a range of $2.35 to $2.65. The midpoint of our guidance range increase is from $2.40 to $2.50 for the year. Our GAAP EPS guidance range increases from $2.17 to $2.57 to a range of $2.30 to $2.60. The weighted average diluted share count guidance for the full year remains approximately 51 million shares. We still expect our full year tax rate to be 33% to 34%, and for capital spending we still expect approximately $55 million in 2012. And with that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) One moment please for our first question which is from the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan:  Hey, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn:
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan:  Just want to talk about the discrepancy again between Service Experts and the resi equipment business. Can you maybe just talk about the dynamics there? I guess you said parts and services were weaker. How bad were parts and services and that kind of activity?
Todd Bluedorn:  Well, I mean parts and services in our Residential business was flattish versus the growth rate that we saw in equipment. But I mean in Service Experts I think it’s a broader answer than just parts and service. As we’ve talked about the residential portion of Service Experts is focused on the most premium segment of the marketplace. They’re our most premium dealers and they focus on add-on and replacement, don’t do any new construction resi-wise to speak of. And what we’ve seen on a year-to-date basis as the two segments of the market in resi that have grown are new construction in the entry-level segments of the market. But the premium level actually, we think, is down year-over-year. And so our Service Experts, quite frankly, has historically been focused on premium and add-on replacement premium and that’s a segment that’s been shrinking now. All that being said, they’re in the process and continue to be in the process of refocusing to be a broader line dealer. And we’ve done a lot of the heavy lifting to drive productivity and efficiency in that business and we’ll continue to focus to drive some more volume across the assets.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan:  Okay. Got you. And then just as far as the customer behavior is concerned, do you see R22 kind of – Trane, I guess mentioned that their call is that R22 is actually going to kind of peak out and start to move down, that they were encouraged by the 410A that they saw and I guess you’re talking about the parts and stuff growing slower. So is there – do you think there is – the consumer is coming out of bed a little bit here?
Todd Bluedorn:  I think on a year-to-date basis there’s some positive signs. I think the second quarter in a row of equipment outpacing parts starts to build a trend. But there’s so much uncertainty right now in the economic environment around the consumer and more broadly about the macroeconomic environment. Let me even go a little bit more on a divergence sort of just on mix for the quarter. I mean, we saw a negative mix for the quarter in resi but it’s a little slight – slightly different than maybe what we’d expected in second quarter, which is R22 shipments in the second quarter were actually flat year-over-year. But what we saw was residential new construction growing much faster than add-on and replacement and we make lower margins there and so that gave us some mix headwind. And then the other point is, we mentioned in the call is, even though R22 was flat year-over-year, we continue to see a mix down to the entry level. And while that’s put some pressure on our mix, it’s still incrementally a good new story year-over-year that R22 is flat because now, even if it’s entry-level product, we’re getting the fully system sale, which was a headwind last year.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan:  Right. That’s encouraging. And pricing is holding in okay with commodities coming off here?
Todd Bluedorn:  Yeah. What Joe mentioned in the script was commodities – a little bit of tailwind from commodities from our prior guidance and we’ve said we can cover commodities with price and that’s still our guidance.
Steve Tusa – JPMorgan:  Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks, Steve.
Operator:  And our next question is from the line of Jeffrey Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn:  Hey.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  So just back to the mix dynamic, what are you seeing on pricing for kind of this lowest common denominator R410A? Because it just seems like that’s where everybody’s flocking to even away from kind of repairing. What do you see from a pricing standpoint and competitive standpoint in that market and how are you kind of positioning for that?
Todd Bluedorn:  I mean pricing is hanging in there, Jeff. I mean it’s hard in the current environment maybe to get new price in the – certainly at the entry level, but we haven’t seen significant price erosion or price erosion of any degree at the entry level. We think we’re hanging in there.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  So, the shift to this kind of 13 SEER, R410A is a function of you think the consumer feeling maybe a little bit better to actually replace even if it’s at the lowest end and maybe a little bit of aversion to R22?
Todd Bluedorn:  I think it’s – I think a mix from the premium to the entry level is the economic overhang and the concern that consumer has. I think the silver lining here is that, maybe R22 won’t be quite as high as we thought, although that’s still our guidance, because we’ve got to see July and August to make sure, but June second quarter was a good sign and it was flat year-over-year and I think what we’re seeing there is some of the shocks that we’ve talked about earlier about what the EPA did, what the DOE did, the increase in refrigerant costs. I think, it has many of the dealers sort of nervous about going to their customers and selling an R22 unit and we’ve said all along that we think the right decision for most consumers is 410A, but we’d have both options which we continue to do, but I think the spike up in refrigerant cost has probably had an impact on folks.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just back to Service Experts, what are you seeing on service contracts? Is that having any negative impact or is it really just come down to this mix shift?
Todd Bluedorn:  I think it largely comes down to the mix shift. I mean if you think about the residential piece of Service Experts, there’s ongoing maintenance contracts and preventive maintenance and then there’s for lack of a better word sort of equipment sales where you go and replace equipment. In many ways they’re tied together, but so the baseline preventive maintenance, you don’t have big ups, you don’t have big downs, that sort of continues to chug along. The issue has to do with the equipment replacement sales that we’re getting there. And again, it’s our sales force are sort of customer base has traditionally been the premium end, and that’s not where the growth is right now in the marketplace.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. And then just finally on Refrigeration. Can you just talk about how Kysor/Warren is doing relative to expectations? And then your comment about some of the 2Q softness and good backlogs, does that suggest some modest growth into the back half for refrigeration?
Todd Bluedorn:  KW continues to perform exactly as we expected it would. On the cost side, outstanding performance; on the revenue side, we think we continue to win in the marketplace, both in North America and in Mexico. On Refrigeration growth, yeah, solid is sort of a euphemism for, we’ve said that we think the market is going to grow low single digits, and we expect to grow market share. And so there were some timing of some large national accounts here over the last month – last few months. And we had some weakness in Australia. But we think during the back half of the year the performance on the revenue line is going to continue to be solid – backlog solid. But all of that’s with the caveat of – there continues to be risk on the macroeconomic environment as we go in the second half of the year and we have caution around that.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Okay. Thanks, guys.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Sanjay Shrestha with Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets:  Great. Thank you. Good morning, guys. First, Todd, on this Service Experts, right, you touched on it a bit that you guys are more focused on the premium market and premium market has been sort of relatively weak, which is why the performance of Service Experts has been what it’s been. And you’re trying to fix that business. But can you sort of give us a sense, right, how do you feel about 18 months out, two years out, in terms of hitting the target margin? And how do you feel about Service Experts business at this point?
Todd Bluedorn:  I think we’ve done a lot of the cost take-out that we needed to do. And again, the one silver lining in Service Experts is margins are down 70 basis points, only 70 basis points, on an 8% drop in revenue. I think that reflects a lot of the cost to margin focus that we’ve had on the business. I think as – two things; one is, we continue to reorient that business to be able to compete on the entry level and win there, and second is, the consumer continues to heal and the premium segment stabilizes and starts to grow again, as we get revenue, I’m confident that the margins will expand in that business. So again, it’s the stabilizing of the premium segment, our refocus on the entry level leveraging all the costs we’ve already taken out of the business.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets:  Okay. Okay. That’s great. Now in terms of you guys winning all this national accounts on the Commercial side, in the face of what looks like a pretty tough market overall, right, what do you think it is that you guys are doing that’s allowing you to actually get all this national accounts and how long do you see that trend continue for you guys?
Todd Bluedorn:  I think it continues. We have a strong machine culling in our Commercial business...
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets:  Of course.
Todd Bluedorn:  ...on the national accounts business. And it has to do – I talked a little bit about our vitalization index of mid-40s across all our enterprise of equipment that we’ve developed new over the last three years for non-regulatory reasons. And a shining example of that is our Commercial business. And so, whether it’s coming out with the Environ all-aluminum microchannel heat exchanger, whether it’s the launch 18 months ago of the Energence and the new control system, we just continue to innovate in our commercial product lines in such a way that national accounts, their largest operating cost is energy and a big piece of that is, along with refrigeration, is cooling. And so, we provide operating cost solutions for them. And then on top of that, we have a very flexible factory and dedicated sales force. And so, we have a business unit within Commercial, just focused on national accounts and I think we focus wins and we’re focusing.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets:  Got it. One final question then from me, guys. So we touched on R22, 410A and all that and – so one question, you touched on it sort of the whole consumer confidence, which is key to starting to see the replacement market coming back, right. So, the strong performance here in Q2 and anticipated Q3, do you think that’s largely because of the heating season? Or are you starting to see some signs that, rather than just repair, there is a bit more for replace that’s starting to happen and where we are finally getting to a point where there’s an unwinding of this massive pent-up demand?
Todd Bluedorn:  You never know when you’re going through it, but I’d point to a couple things, to be optimistic. One is, to repeat myself, second quarter in a row that equipment outpaced parts, so that’s a good sign. I think the other point I’d make in second quarter, it was very, very hot historically in second quarter, but it was very, very hot historically last year’s second quarter. So, if you look at degree cooling days, it was actually flat second quarter this year versus second quarter last year. So, one way to think about it is our revenue was up 11% in Resi, our replacement revenue for equipment was up mid-teens on a second quarter that was no hotter than second quarter last year. And so I think that may be one way to think about it and get some confidence that we’re seeing some momentum in the marketplace.
Sanjay Shrestha – Lazard Capital Markets:  That’s great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski. Please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn:  Hey, Josh. You there?
Josh Pokrzywinski:  Sure am. Just wanted to dig in a little bit on these cost savings. Any expectation about how that layers in over the course of the year, how much of that you’ve already realized year-to-date and any, I guess, salient thoughts between 3Q and 4Q on that $20 million to $25 million?
Todd Bluedorn:  We said the $20 million to $25 million is back-end loaded, so we’re going to see the majority of it third and fourth quarter, so that’s still in front of us. On the SG&A, we’ve talked about we’re flat year-over-year, year-to-date, but we’re going to have the headwind in the second half. So, you could sort of think about the SG&A headwind of reinflating incentive comp second half of the year. And then on the commodity headwind, the $10 million to $15 million, we think we’ve seen most of that during the first half of the year and probably a third or so of still is to play out during the second half of the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski:  Okay. That’s fair. And then I know you’ve answered a lot of questions on Service Experts. I guess just to boil it down, do Service Experts make money this year on the whole? And I guess if not, what do you need to see in terms of mix in the marketplace or volume growth to bridge the gap back to profitability? Obviously, you guys have been running that business well over the past couple of years, given the premium focal point in the marketplace. But at some point, I would imagine you need the market to help you out.
Todd Bluedorn:  I think we – you know I’m just going to repeat what I said, Josh. I mean it’s – it’s two things. It’s – one, the market needs to come a little bit our way on the premium side. But we’re not just going to sit on our hands and wait for that to happen. I mean the other aspects that we’re doing is we continue to grow our commercial service arm, our national accounts services, and we’re growing that as fast as we can. And that continues to be a growth engine for us. And on the Residential side, we continue to refocus the business on the segment that is growing, which is entry level. But I mean there’s no way to sugar-coat it. It was a disappointing quarter on the revenue side for our Service Experts business. They hung in there and did a good job on the decrementals, but we need to get more revenue across the business. That’s for sure.
Josh Pokrzywinski:  Got you. I take it you heard my question on whether or not it makes money this year?
Todd Bluedorn:  We don’t give segment guidance.
Josh Pokrzywinski:  Understood. Thanks, Todd.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust:  Yes. Two questions. First, back to the residential performance and your view of the replacement market. It looks like your numbers are just well above the industry here. Do you think the industry is seeing the differential between equipments and replacement units, or is that just you?
Todd Bluedorn:  Ask the question again. I’m not sure I understand the question, Keith.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust:  Well, so my question is, you had some great growth in residential here in the quarter -
Todd Bluedorn:  Right.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust:  Particularly on equipment. Do you think that kind of trend – both the mix of equipment versus parts and just the overall growth – is as good as what you’re reporting?
Todd Bluedorn:  I don’t think the market is growing as fast as what our numbers are. So if your question is are we gaining share, yes. And then the other question about parts versus equipment, I’ll be interested to see what some of our peers report. I mean Watsco reported something similar in first quarter. I’ll be interested to see what they say in second quarter. So I don’t know for a fact whether that’s industry-wide or not. We’ll see.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust:  Yeah.
Todd Bluedorn:  That’s what we’re seeing.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust:  And second question, as we look towards next year, given some of the moves in the refrigerant costs, do you think that we will start to see the R22 across the industry start to lose share and move the mix up in this industry a little bit?
Todd Bluedorn:  Yeah. I think so, Keith. I mean what we’ve called coming into this year was we thought this would be – 2012 would be the high watermark for R22 as a mix of sales, and that it would start to ebb back in 2013. I think if anything, given some of the things that have happened with EPA and DOE and the results we saw in second quarter, we’re cautiously optimistic. Maybe even better stated, we’re even more convinced that that’s the theory and the case. And so we’ll see how it all plays out, but yes, I think we’re at the high watermark in 2012.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust:  Okay, thanks.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research. Please go ahead.
Rob Wertheimer – Vertical Research:  Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Todd Bluedorn:  Hey, Rob.
Joseph Reitmeier:  Good morning.
Rob Wertheimer – Vertical Research:  This is a little bit of an oddball, so I apologize, if it’s a little too – something you haven’t thought about, but has the consistent heat that we’ve had for the past two or three years sort of cause your commercial customers to think about an accelerated replacement cycle? In other words, is the hours on units significantly higher, and therefore a little bit of the higher structural growth rate there? Is that not something they’re talking about? Just curious.
Todd Bluedorn:  I don’t know is the honest answer, Rob. I mean I haven’t ever had that conversation with a customer. The theory of your case makes sense. I mean, in many ways, it’s like a car. You think about it both the years that you owned it and the hours that you’re running it. So yes, short answer is that that would have some impact.
Rob Wertheimer – Vertical Research:  Okay. And then just a second question on Commercial. I mean is your success there led to any changed pricing dynamics? We talked about the product and what you’ve done to be successful. Are other people starting to fight back a little more or do you continue to see runway there?
Todd Bluedorn:  You know, people take shots at our national accounts business, and sometimes they lead with pricing. On the margins, you may lose a deal here or there. But what we found over time is that, if you’re a world-leading retailer who’s headquartered in Arkansas, you’ll put up with a lot of things, but you won’t ever put up with a store being delayed because equipment wasn’t delivered. And so they factor all that in when they make a decision. And so our largest customers, our most sophisticated customers, are paying a premium, not only for product differentiation but for service differentiation, which means we build what they want and we get it to the job site. And we have a long track record and history of not missing deliveries. And that’s a big deal, where some of our competitors are a bit more splotchy on that, and the retailers don’t forget.
Rob Wertheimer – Vertical Research:  Great. Thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn:  Okay.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities:  Hi. Good morning. Quick question on the guidance. When you look at the move up on the $0.10, is that all the residential volume?
Todd Bluedorn:  I would high-level think about it that way.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. And then on the price cost, with the $15 million that you’re talking about, I think covering that, or $10 million to $15 million, how should we read that? It seems like it may be a little bit conservative, given that you’ve lowered the cost. And you’re saying you’re getting the price. So if you thought you were getting $15 million at the beginning of the year, is there some room for outperformance later in the year potentially on that front?
Todd Bluedorn:  There’s always room for outperformance, but what I would – I would sort of parse my words a little tighter maybe than I did during the script or on prior Q&A. Within our initial price cost guidance, baked into that was getting some new price along the way. And I think as commodities have trended down, it’s more challenging to get new price. We’re not giving back price, it’s just more challenging to get new price.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. That’s helpful color. And then last question, on the institutional front, I know you have a pretty big decision on the school side within Commercial. You’ve heard some of the other players that are a little more situated in the applied product saying institutional has become weaker. What are you seeing for your base business on the institutional side in your markets?
Todd Bluedorn:  We’re seeing schools down, and they’ve been down – they started trending down probably 18 months ago. And it continues to be down year-over-year this year.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities:  So your strength is more kind of the retail piece? I know you’re strong there. And just winning new business?
Todd Bluedorn:  Yeah, I think the two areas that we’ve sort of ramped up to offset that has been – or excuse me – retail, big box. And then sort of the broader, multi-industry emergency replacement business. And we’ve made investments both in product and distribution to help us grow that segment, and that will increasingly be a focus of ours.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities:  Okay. Great. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Claire Diesen – Morgan Stanley:  Hi, this is Claire Diesen actually filling in for Nigel.
Todd Bluedorn:  Hi, Claire.
Claire Diesen – Morgan Stanley:  Just a couple questions, thanks. Could you first maybe speak to the state of inventories in the industry in general and the backlog entering 3Q?
Todd Bluedorn:  You know, I can’t really speak to our competitors and where they stand. And our Resi business, as you know, we’re 80% through our company-owned distribution, and so we’re fine there. And then our – our 20% that flows through independent distributors, I continue to call them as cautiously optimistic, which is a euphemism of their inventories are reasonably lean. And as they see end demands, it’s not too long after that we’re replenishing them.
Claire Diesen – Morgan Stanley:  Sure. Thanks. And then how are you viewing the sustainability in U.S. light commercial, given the ABI?
Todd Bluedorn:  You know, again it’s – we’re exposed to vertical slices of the end market, and our biggest slice is retail and big box. And a large chunk of that – 60%, 65% at this point is replacement and upgrading equipment. And they continue to make investments – and we’re seeing it in our order rates – around lowering their operating costs. And so a lot of the new construction numbers that you see in the index that you cited are segments, quite frankly, we don’t play with in the unitary segment.
Claire Diesen – Morgan Stanley:  Got it. Thanks so much.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we’ll go to the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs:  Yes. Thanks for taking my question. A lot of ground has been covered, so only a quick couple follow-ups here. First, the warranty adjustment in residential or the lack thereof, I guess, year-on-year. How big was that, this year versus last?
Todd Bluedorn:  Couple million.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs:  A couple million, okay. And then within the Commercial business, you called out mid-single digit growth in Europe. Maybe any color on geographies there that are actually strong? Just given the macro, it’s pretty impressive growth, just given the economies.
Todd Bluedorn:  Yeah. I mean we continue to have growth in France, which is sort of our largest end market. And we continue to grow in Eastern Europe. Now the caveat, I’d make – not caveat, I’d sort of just make a statement – is have a small keyhole into Europe, and we have sort of a segment – a narrow segment of the market that we play. And even as the markets have softened, our business – our team has done a good job of gaining share and winning in the marketplace. And as we go into the second half of the year, we’re all sort of concerned about what’s going to happen in Europe. But so far, especially in our commercial HVAC business, backlog remains solid and the team continues to grow the business.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. That’s helpful. And then just finally, maybe any differentiation in Residential between the Allied brand and the Lennox brands? And within the new construction piece, is that also going through the Lennox brand or is the Allied brand taking up a bigger share of that market and that growth?
Todd Bluedorn:  New construction is, predominantly – not quite exclusively, but predominantly Lennox brand. And so we have relationships with the big builders. We sell it through dealers, but we have direct relationships with the big builders. On the add-on replacement, we saw similar growth rates in the Allied business as we saw in the Lennox business.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks.
Operator: And Mr. Bluedorn, sir, we have no further questions in the queue. Please continue with any final remarks.
Todd Bluedorn: Great, thanks. I want to leave everyone with a couple key points. We continue to be encouraged by the strength in our Residential and Commercial businesses, and Refrigeration backlog remains solid. The third quarter is off to a strong start with warm weather so far in July, although we remain cautious on the global macroeconomic environment for the second half and the fragile condition of consumers. On balance, we are raising our adjusted EPS from continuing operations guidance range with a new mid-point of $2.50. With Lennox competitively well positioned and winning in the marketplace, we look forward to the second half of 2012. I want to thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator:  And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our teleconference call for this morning. Thank you very much for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-24 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - VP, IR Todd Bluedorn - CEO Bob Hau - CFO
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Josh Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Keith Hughes - SunTrust Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners Steve Tusa - JPMorgan
Operator: Welcome to the Lennox International Q1 2012 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2012. I'm here today with Todd Bluedorn, CEO; and Bob Hau, CFO. Todd will review the key points on the quarter and Bob will take you through the company's financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to CEO Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning and thank you everyone for joining us. Let me take it through a few key points on the first quarter and then Bob will discuss the financial results more detail and the outlook. Total company revenue in the quarter was up 2%, led by 7% growth in our residential business. Volume and price mix were both up for the company overall. We continue to closely manage cost with SG&A down 3% from the prior-year quarter. Total segment profit margin was up 50 basis points. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.01 versus a $0.04 loss in the prior-year quarter. This is adjusted for discontinued operations from the planned sale of our Hearth business. First quarter 2012 adjusted EPS from continuing operations had a $0.03 benefit from the movement of the Hearth business to discontinued operations. First quarter 2011 had a $0.07 benefit from this move. So Hearth had not been moved to discontinued operations, we would have reported a $0.02 loss for adjusted EPS on continuing operations versus the $0.11 loss in the prior-year quarter. On our website we have posted revised 2011 quarterly and annual earning statements, which show the effect of the removal of the Hearth business on the company's 2011 results. On a GAAP basis for the first quarter of 2012, the loss per share from continuing operations was $0.01 versus a loss of $0.06 in prior-year quarter. Residential business had strong execution in the first quarter, driving 7% revenue growth and 230 basis points of margin expansion in the business. Residential segment profit was up 150%. Revenue from residential new construction HVAC equipment was up more than 40% in the quarter. Revenue from replacement equipment was up high-single digits. The first quarter got up to a relatively slow start in January and February due to warm weather, but then seasonally warm weather in March led to an early start to the cooling season and a strong finish to the first quarter. Our 22 shipments were up a couple of points from the first quarter of last year and were high-single digits as a percent of total cooling shipments. As we enter the summer months, we're still planning for R-22 to be about 25% of the cooling product shipment, up about 5 points from last summer. We still expect R-22 to be a mix headwind to operating profit of about $50 million in 2012. Overall, it was a nice quarter for residential, but looking ahead some cautions are in order. The first quarter is a very seasonally light period for us and the industry, and start to draw conclusions as the business transitions more to cooling products for the key summer selling season. April is off to a solid start and it seem warm weather in some key regions, but the critical months are May and especially June for the second quarter overall. Turning to our commercial business, revenue was flat in constant currency with segment margin up 10 basis points. As we mentioned in last earnings call, the timing of growth in our national account business in 2012 would be beyond the first quarter. Backlog and order rates look good and we continue to expect a solid year in our commercial business. On the national account front, we signed up nine new accounts on top of the 20 last year to bring our total to 104 new national accounts won since the start of 2007. In Europe, revenue was up low-single digits at constant currency. Turning to service experts, revenue was down 13% on weakness in the residential business. Commercial service revenue saw strong growth and continued success with national account customers. Refrigeration revenue was up 6% in the first quarter about half of that rate on an organic basis. We closed the Kysor/Warren acquisition in mid January last year, so we had a couple weeks of inorganic growth in the first quarter this year. We saw solid growth across all the regions, except for Australia where the macroeconomic environment remains. One last point, before I turn it over to Bob. We have continued to closely manage cost, as reflected in SG&A being down 3% in the quarter and our sourcing and engineering programs that were $20 million to $25 million of incremental savings this year. We have also continued to invest in R&D and move innovation forward. At residential we are excited about our new generation of communicating controllers called iComfort Wi-Fi. It is advanced yet simple to use as a way to smartphones and tablets and the iComfort app even enables consumers to monitor and control their HVAC systems from these wireless devices. Dealers are excited, because it helps them install a system much faster and eliminates error. A consumer may also choose to have a dealer monitor the HVAC system for regular maintenance needs as well as to take advantage of the prognostic and diagnostic capabilities of iComfort Wi-Fi. In commercial we have introduced Environ coil system, an aluminum design that is up to 50% lighter and uses 45% less refrigerant without sacrificing cooling performance. Environ is now available on our high-efficiency Energence systems, advancing our leadership and meeting the needs of national account customers. These are just a couple of examples. Across all of our businesses in 2012, we continue to innovate, compete in new ways and are focused on winning across the full spectrum on the market. Now, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Hau: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. I'll provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the first quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was $273 million, up 7%. Volume was up 10%, price was flat and mix was down 3%. Currency was neutral to revenue for the quarter. Residential segment profit was $11 million, up 150%. Segment profit margin was 4.0%, up 230 basis points. Results were primarily impacted by higher volume and lower SG&A expenses, partially offset by mix and higher commodity cost versus with first quarter a year ago. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. In the first quarter commercial revenue was $137 million, down 1%. Volume was down 1% and price and mix were up 1%. Currency had a negative 1% impact on revenue. North American commercial HVAC revenue was down slightly on a timing of national account growth and Europe HVAC revenue was down low-single digit to the actual currency, but up low-single digit at constant currency. Segment profit was $6 million, flat with the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was 4.4%, up 10 basis points. Results were primarily impacted by favorable price and mix and productivity initiatives, with offsets from higher commodity cost and the timing of SG&A expenses. Moving to our service experts business segment. Revenue was $102 million for the first quarter, down 13%. Volume was down 19%, price and mix were up 6% on strong mix due to commercial service growth. Currency was neutral to revenue. Segment loss was $12 million compared to a loss of $8 million in the prior year quarter and segment loss margin was 11.3%, compared to segment loss margin of 7.0% in the first quarter a year ago. Results were primarily impacted by lower volume in residential service partially offset by lower SG&A expenses and strong growth in commercial services. In the Refrigeration segment, revenue in the first quarter was $185 million, up 6%. Volume was up 4% and price and mix were up 2%. Currency was neutral to revenue growth. On a regional basis in constant currency, North America was up high-teens, China was up mid-teens, Europe and South America were up mid-single digits and Australia was down mid-teens. Segment profit was $14 million, up 5%. Segment profit margin was 7.7% flat with the prior year quarter. Refrigeration results were primarily impacted by higher volume and favorable price mix with offsets from higher commodity cost, timing of factory absorptions and selling expenses. Looking at special items for the first quarter for continuing operations, the company had restructuring charges of $2 million after-tax, the remaining special items netted to a gain of $1.2 million. Corporate expenses were $14 million in the first quarter, essentially flat with the first quarter a year ago. For 2012, our corporate expense guidance remains $64 million to $70 million. Overall SG&A was $163 million in the first quarter, down 3% from the prior year quarter. The first quarter cash used in operating activities was $34 million compared to $148 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was $7 million for the first quarter, compared to $8 million in the first quarter last year. Free cash flow was a negative $41 million in the first quarter compared to a negative $156 million a year ago. And due to the seasonality of our business, it's common to use cash in the first half of the year and generate cash in the second half of the year. Cash and cash equivalents were $55 million at the end of March. And our debt to EBITDA ratio was 2.1 ending March and we expected this to trend down for 2012. Total that was $524 million at the end of the quarter. And for 2012, we expect interest expenses of approximately $20 million. We do not repurchase stock in the first quarter but still plan a minimum of $50 million stock repurchases in 2012. We have $121 million remaining under our current stock repurchase authorizations. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll briefly talk about our outlook for 2012, which has not changed. We expect North American residential shipments to be up low-single digits for the industry. We expect North America commercial unitary shipments to be up low-single digits for the industry. And we expect Europe HVAC and refrigeration shipments to be up low-single digits as well for the industry. Based on these assumptions our guidance for our revenue growth remains at 2% to 6% with a neutral impact from currency. We continue to expect approximately $15 million of commodity headwind for 2012 weighted more towards the first half of the year, although we expect this to be offset by price on a full year basis. And our global sourcing and engineering-led cost reductions programs we continue to expect to $20 million to $25 million of savings for the full year, although weighted more to this second half, Looking ahead at the yearend total with our stronger seasonal periods drawn in front of us, reiterate our guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $2.27 to $2.60. Our GAAP EPS range is now $2.15 to $2.55 including the impact of announced restructuring activities. The average weighted diluted share comp guidance for the full year remains approximately 51 shares. We still expect our full year tax-rate to be 33% to 34%. For capital spending, we still expect approximately $55 million in 2012. And with that operator, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: I understand it's early in the year, but just on the guidance. I guess, one, it looks like ex the goodwill impairment you lost about $0.15 on Hearth last year. So it just seems like if you move that into disc. ops you get a bump-in in the guidance. And then just give me a sense of where maybe 1Q came in relative to kind of your internal plan.
Todd Bluedorn: Let me talk about Hearth first. We did improve conditions for the Hearth market and for our business in 2012, and have taken actions to significantly narrow the loss position. Since we expected the 2012 impact and we expected to have a much smaller loss this year than last year. And I think you saw that in first quarter, where we lost $0.03 this year versus $0.07 last year on first quarter. So from a full year basis, not near the impact that this year that we had last year and so therefore, we encompassed it in our current guidance. In terms of where first quarter came in, I mean there were puts and takes but broadly speaking, first quarter as know is our lightest quarter. Second and third quarter are really the drivers of the year. Even in second quarter as you know, Jeff, almost half the revenues in the month of June. First quarter was a good quarter for our residential business. April has started solid where we've had some warm weather and that's helped, but the cooling season is still in front of us and so in years where first quarter wasn't as good as everyone it should be. We didn't lower the number in first quarter, might be a little bit better than people might have thought it would be. We don't think it's time to raise the number, let's get in to selling season.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then can you give us a sense of order rates in 1Q for res and the commercial heating and cooling business and maybe it's only going to trend into April.
Todd Bluedorn: Both in commercial and refrigeration, order rates remain solid. And especially in commercial HVAC as we talked about the revenue in the quarter, really didn't reflect the underlying order rates that we're seeing given the timing of some of our big national accounts. And we said the industry is going to up low-single digits for the year. We're still standing behind that and we always sort of encompass that that we're going to out perform the market especially in our commercial and refrigeration business. In res I've heard some of our competitors talk, March was a strong month for us, but we didn't sort of see the hockey stick maybe that others saw. And I think that's maybe because we're more balanced between residential new construction and add-on and replacement. And as we mentioned, in the script we saw residential new construction up 40% in first quarter and the warm weather in January and February probably helped us there. But markets that are not weather dependant, the South and the West, we also saw some pick up there. And so overall it's sort of a good quarter for us in residential.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners.
Josh Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners: Maybe just a follow-up on Jeff's question on commercial and kind of order momentum there. I understand you're kind of indicating that you're up in line or seeing similar momentum to some of peers out there, who are reporting pretty strong order rates. But I guess maybe not to find a point on it, but there seems like a difference between, as you characterize it a solid and competitor saying exit rates for order growth for the first quarter were up just a little 20%. So what make sure that we're not too far off that number? And if it is truly is the timing aberration or if there is some difference in the market with commercial accounts maybe versus some other previously lagging verticals like office?
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to do well on our commercial business and I think the order rates remain, as I said we had a good year last year, we continue to have solid order rates this year. I think our bias tends to be not the preannounced order rates, but to sort of post-announce strong revenue within order. And so I think we've had a strong run in our commercial business and that continues.
Josh Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners: I apologize if I missed this earlier in the prepared remarks, but you guys call that incremental restructuring in the press release. Where is that heading?
Bob Hau: We took some restructuring charges in first quarter associated with our residential distribution network activities.
Josh Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners: And then could you break out furnace versus cooling for the first quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: In first quarter as quarter of magnitude, half cooling, half heating.
Josh Pokrzywinski - MKM Partners: I mean I would imagine furnace down, it was down materially and cooling up nicely or?
Todd Bluedorn: We actually had solid performance in both product lines in first quarter. Even with some of the warm weather that we had early in first quarter, we had a good quarter both for furnaces and for cooling product.
Operator: We'll go to line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: So first question on pricing and so I think the comment on the prepared remarks was resi pricing flat year-over-year. Maybe talk about what you guys have been seeing on price and chatter in the industry that the fall price increases that were taken by the industry, maybe getting some pushback from different customers and distributors and maybe what you're seeing and expectations as we move through 2012?
Todd Bluedorn: What we've said about the enterprise overall, I think obviously encompasses less since that's order of magnitude half of our revenue is there. We have $15 million of commodity headwind and we have enough price at a minimum to offset that in 2012 and what we saw in first quarter across the businesses that we did that in first quarter. And so we're still confident we're going to do that for the full year. I mean in res there is always skirmishes on the edge of the empire around pricing in any given market things are going on. But I think the fact that we saw some growth in the market this year in first quarter, certainly in our revenue, I think that sort of boards well for pricing.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: And then maybe within the res business maybe a growth differential between the allied brands and the Lennox brands, if any?
Todd Bluedorn: We had growth in both businesses in the replacement markets. Lennox brands are the brands we sell to residential new construction and given that was up more than add-on in replacement that sort of helped drive the growth at Lennox brands in first quarter.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: And then maybe just quickly switching gears to refrigeration. You had margins flat year-over-year despite the fact that Kysor/Warren closed in the first quarter of 2011. I believe there was some integration charges that were taken in 1Q, so ex those items, margin actually would have been down. Maybe talk about the progress on Kysor/Warren, other drivers here maybe mixed with the Australian business down so much?
Bob Hau: The Kysor/Warren integration is actually going very well. We talked about the accretion that we're going to get this year and we're well on track to do that. So that wasn't the issue in first quarter. The first quarter was higher on commodity cost and the timing of some of the factory absorption on a year-over-year basis. In other words, last year we build more inventory in first quarter than we did this year and that factory absorption that we had last year, we didn't repeat this year. And then Australian business, which is a material part of our refrigeration business as we talk about 20%, 25% or so of what we do, what was down significantly down double digits in revenue with the top market conditions in Australia. Our North America business performed nicely. Our European business revenue was up low-single digits. I think so given the caveats I said it was another good quarter for our refrigeration business.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs: Maybe just lastly on that Australian business, any outlook on the full year, how does that play out as we get into a more meaningful selling season?
Todd Bluedorn: As I'm sure you know, it sort of flipped in Australia versus here. And so in many ways we just went through the selling season. Our North America winter is their summer in Australia and as we get into our summer that's sort of the lower sales period for Australia. And again, we think we should have an eye on that and baked it into our guidance.
Operator: We do have a question from Keith Hughes with SunTrust.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: A couple of questions, the high-single digit repair replacement in the quarter. If you have normal weather, is that a number that you know doable for other periods of this year or was it surprisingly high number?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know if I'd use the word surprisingly high number. I think we had easier comps in first quarter than we talk about a pull-forward that we had at the end of 2010 with the price increase. I think in some ways we had an easier comp in first quarter. I mean we talk about the industry and, Bob, sort of re-guided being up low-single digits for the full year. And I think that's still our best view of the world. But as you know its sort an uncertain res market right now. So, yes, it could be up higher than low-single digits, but that's our best call right now.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: And can you give us any sort of update on R-22 production, I know there's heavy talk in the industry on the amount that can be produced or imported coming down substantially. Any news there will be helpful?
Todd Bluedorn: There are sort of moving pieces on R-22 that I'll talk about. But sort of high level, I think the message I'd leave you with is, last year 20% of our cooling shipments were R-22 and for the industry. And we've called out 25% and that's about a $15 million headwind and we still think that's after one quarter going to be the case. And first quarter, which you wouldn't expect to see much R-22, you really see that in summer time, about 9% of our revenue, our cooling units is R-22, which is up a couple of points from last year. And so the first quarter track about where we would expect it to be. I mean there is things going on in the industry that you know about, the EPA, reducing the allocations of R-22 refrigerant, which has driven up the price. And then some rulemaking from DOE about restricting condensing units that were not certified prior to January 2010. We think all those are good movements. And I think over the medium term we'll close this loophole, but we still think 25% of the volume this year is going to be R-22.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: But if there is an impact, it would be 2013 impact is that fair to say?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it won't be 2012 and maybe 2013.
Keith Hughes - SunTrust: And then, a final question. Within the commercial business, are you seeing dramatic differences, I know you're not in applied commercial. Are you seeing big differences between growth rate and what you're competitors in applied commercial are talking about and your primarily unitary commercial?
Todd Bluedorn: The only thing I've heard, I heard what Trane had to say. A carrier was announced this morning, so I didn't hear what they had to say. And I'm not sure I understood what you are trying to say. So I'm not sure I can connect all the dots on what our competitors have seen. I cannot just reiterate. I think I'm pretty confident in the unitary market, where we play. We've had a very good run in the last couple of years and winning in the marketplace. And first quarter was no different. It's just about timing of some maiden accounts in terms of year-over-year basis where they're taking the deliveries in a year, and we're still very confident that we're going to have a good year in commercial.
Operator: We'd go to the line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: Todd or Bob, on price cost it seems like the outlook in terms of the $15 million, in terms of covering that seems conservative. Just given that you put through pricing last year, you are lapping some pretty significant commodity cost increases. I caught your comment about at least cover that. Should we kind of view that as being the $15 million in terms of being net neutral being a conservative estimate at this point or is there anything out there that you're seeing on the commodity cost side that worries you at all?
Todd Bluedorn: On the copper side as we've talked about we hedged. And at this point in time we're large part hedged for full year. The variable on our commodity structure steel and we buy that at CRU pricing from the mills and from the service centers a quarter and arrear. So that's really sort of the outlying risk around commodity cost. I think the commentary is about price realization, both the prices we've announced already and continue to drive to get price in the marketplace. Again, our guidance is to cover at a minimum to cover the 15. I think you can sort of read that how you'd like to.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: A big picture question, service experts continues to under perform. I know you're trying to shift that more to commercial in terms of a mix. But at what point do you kind of look at this and go, is it really a core part of the business, does that make sense to keep it?
Todd Bluedorn: You know, you sort of capture it. You know what my answer is going to be. Now, we've done a lot of heavy lifting to drive productivity. We obviously need some more residential volume to flow through the business. Commercial I think we have the recipe and we continue to grow. And let's get to the summer season and I think a lot of the actions that we take are going to pay benefits as we get through the selling season.
Rich Kwas - Wells Fargo Securities: And then one last housekeeping. Bob, what was the revenue for Hearth in the quarter?
Bob Hau: For first quarter last year is about $18.4 million, it's about flat, up slightly in the first quarter of 2012.
Operator: We do have a follow-up question from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just to go back on service experts in a little bit different way. Can you just help me understand the disparity between your res, heating and cooling business, and service experts, is that just strictly the weakness January, February kind of overtaking the quarter or maybe just help me understand the dynamic there?
Todd Bluedorn: The equipment business saw significant benefit from the fast growth in residential new construction, service experts doesn't play there. I think that's point one. Point two is, in the equipment business we've had a lot of success signing out new dealers with some initiatives, we talked to you about PartsPlus being one of them, and all the dealer retention programs we've talked about and acquisition programs. I think we had a nice growth from residential new construction and add-on replacement in our residential business. And there is always a bit of timing, even when we sell 80% of our volume direct to dealers, there is a timing between when a dealer see some of the volume as the weather heats up during the cooling season.
Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And your view of inventories in your channel and what are you hearing on just inventory is overall and just preparedness, if we get this in a better selling season?
Todd Bluedorn: I can't comment on others, we're ready. And so we've sort of had lots of internal reviews and conversations with suppliers and conversation with the factory, as we saw sort of the revenue rates in the first quarter. And so we wanted to be hot for a long time in the summer time and we'll be ready ship cooling product.
Operator: We will go to line of Rob Wertheimer with Vertical Research Partners.
Rob Wertheimer - Vertical Research Partners: Most of my questions were answered. I just wanted to ask again on industry mix, you talked about the allied brand, et cetera. Do you feel that the consumer is sort of coming out and is healthy and is looking to get a little bit more of a shift towards premium? I know the R-22, which you've talked about the 20 to 25. Just your general impression beyond R-22 on how mix is trending?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's too early in season, but the clear victory, Rob. I mean for first quarter in terms of sort of the high efficiency mix, we were order of magnitude the same of where we were at first quarter last year, which last year we sort of had a trade down from where we were in 2010. So we sort of saw a flattening of that in first quarter. But I think you're really going to see what's going on in the summer season, because that's where you would not tend. That's where you have a lot more over-the-counter people emergency, replacements of their air conditioners where you would see the trade down effect. So the answer is, I'm not sure yet, we'll know better after second quarter.
Operator: We'll go to the line of Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: But your sense of industry inventories out there and I know you do a lot of your own distribution, but maybe what you're seeing, how distributors are behaving out there? And how you're kind of thinking about inventory industry?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't have a broad perspective on the industry, Steve. What I'll say, our independent distributors have been cautious through first quarter, but are being more optimistic as they see some of the results in the warm weather in March. We were asked on a prior question sort of our inventory position if it's really hot summer, can we meet demand, and the answer to that was absolutely. So again I think as given that we're 80% direct model, when we see the demand we'll see the sales and we have plenty of inventory to cover.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Are you seeing any kind of shifts, obviously R-22 last year was not a kind of a high tight for everyone. Are you seeing any kind of competitive shifts out there, as some of your peers come out with or a kind of reestablishments. And have you seen anything move around at all? You know you may have benefited or loss last year and given that you're more full of steam this year, you're going to benefit more? Either way, any kind of share shift?
Todd Bluedorn: Not necessarily. I mean what I said on earlier question is, we are about 9% R-22 of our shipments, cooling shipments in first quarter which is up a couple of points from last year first quarter. We still think this is going to be full year go from 20 to 25 as an industry. I mean, I'm sure you're talking about Trane with your question. I mean we'll have to wait and see, but we haven't seen any big share of movements. I mean as I've said in the past at least so far, I've said in the past, there is R-22 available last year to dealers who might have different brand logos on the top of the doors. They could have brought it from other people and in fact did buy from other people. So we'll have to see, is the short answer.
Steve Tusa - JPMorgan: Why was that North American refrigeration so strong in the quarter? And what have your customers told you about kind of the moving to the back half, I don't know if that can be lumpy or not quarter-to-quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I think we've called out low-single digits for the refrigeration market and that's sort of broadly where we think it is. We had a good quarter in North America. I think we continue to win share with our legacy Heatcraft business and then our display case business. I think the industry leader continues to have some chaos. And I think we continue to take advantage of that.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: Is there anything on kind of remodeling front out of major customers that's lumpy this year or is that things pretty stable?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it's spread out. But I mean as you know whether it's the pharmacy or the drug segment, the big players there continue to go to more prepared food and refrigerated food. Whether it's reformatting at the big boys, where they try to go to more sort of small manageable formats for urban environments. There's lots of reformatting going on and we think we're right in the middle of that.
Steve Tusa - JP Morgan: And then one last question for you. The dynamic around repair versus replace, obviously the weather has been warm. Obviously housing is picking up here a little bit. Has there been any evidence that the consumer is kind of getting out of bed here a little bit or just in March or what you're hearing from the contractors and distributors about conversations they're having with consumers. Any kind of ray of hope that people are actually spending a little bit more money on replacing their systems?
Todd Bluedorn: There is always a ray of hope. But the answer is, it's too early, I think to call it. I think we'll know more after second quarter. I mean we had a good first quarter in our residential business. I think we'll know a lot more in the summer time. That's where you tend to get a lot of the at once replacement, the over-the-counter brands. That's where I think we'll get a much better feel of what the full mix effect is going to be.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions in queue at this time. Please continue.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks a lot operator. I want to thank everyone for joining us and maybe leave you with a couple of key points. As we talked about on the call, our residential business had strong revenue and profit growth in the first quarter, driven by both new construction and replacement business. We are well positioned for the summer selling season. And April is off to a solid start, but it is early. And May and June are the critical months for second quarter. Commercial and refrigeration backlog and order rates continue to look good and we expect another solid year for these businesses. With Lennox well positioned competitively and winning in the marketplace, we look forward to our strongest seasonal period of the year. Thank you all for joining us. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-02 09:30:00) =====
Executives:  Steve Harrison – VP, IR Todd Bluedorn – CEO Bob Hau – CFO
Analysts:  Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners Robert Barry – UBS Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Q4 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2011. I’m here today with Todd Bluedorn, CEO, and Bob Hau, CFO. Todd will review the key points for the quarter and year, and Bob will take you through the company’s financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  Now, let me turn to call over to CEO Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Let me touch on several key points and Bob will take you through the financial details for the quarter and the year. 2011 marked the second consecutive year of growth in unit shipments in North America for the HVAC industry but a significant mix down and fewer system sales in the residential market. Commodity headwinds running ahead of pricing increases, and the fragile customer macro-economic environment weighed on overall financial results for the year.  We aggressively reduced the company’s cost structure further in 2011, while still continuing to make transformational investments as we position the company for improved growth and profitability in challenging markets. We continued to ramp up our Mexico manufacturing facility, source more components from Asia, and engineered our costs to reduce our product platforms, moved further into material substitution, including aluminum for copper, and leveraged R&D resources with our new India technology center, to mention a few examples. We also focused on driving shareholder value with the disciplined use of free cash flow for dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions, while maintaining a strong balance sheet. For the company overall in 2011, revenue was up 7%. Excluding the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition, revenue was flat at actual currency and down 2% at constant currency. Our residential equipment and service businesses faced a tough year-over-year comparison to 2011. The residential market was down in dollar value from a significantly lower mix of business without the $1500 U.S. tax credit for high efficiency equipment in place and with the re-emergence of minimum efficiency condensing units based on the old R-22 refrigerant. Both of these developments contributed to a decline in furnace shipments and fewer complete HVAC system sales.  Consequently, our residential revenue was down 5% and service experts revenue was down 10%. Segment margins for the year were down 370 basis points in residential to 5.26% and down 300 basis points in service experts to slightly above breakeven. In our commercial and refrigeration businesses, we had a strong year. At constant currency, commercial revenue was up 10% and refrigeration revenue was 5% on an organic basis adjusted for Kysor/Warren and the strategic exit of the third party coil business in Australia.  Commercial margin increased 20 basis points to 11.4%. Refrigeration margin , excluding the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition and the first year of ownership, was up 170 basis points to 12.8%. For the year, adjusted EPS from continuing operations was down 15% and GAAP EPS was down 21%.  Turning to the fourth quarter. Company revenue was down 1%. Excluding Kysor/Warren, the revenue was down 7% with a neutral currency impact. Total segment profit margin was 5.5%, down 90 basis points. Adjusted EPS was down 7% in the fourth quarter versus a year ago. Our GAAP EPS was down 37%. GAAP EPS was impacted by $9.5 million charge for asset and goodwill impairment in our Hearth business. Hearth is a business within our residential segment that is highly tied to new construction. With single family homes starts at the lowest on record in 2011 and the business in a loss position, we had impairments in the fourth quarter. Moving forward, we are pursuing strategic alternatives for Hearth. The business, which includes fireplace, systos (ph) and ventilation equipment, is considered non-core to Lennox International. Hearth was about 6% of residential segment revenue in 2011, or about 2.5% of total company revenue. Residential revenue was down 14% in the quarter and margin was down 480 basis points on the year-over-year mix down, especially against the tough comparison to the fourth quarter of 2010, which had a rich product mix ahead of the expiration of the $1500 high efficiency tax credit, as well as demand pull-forward ahead of our announced price increases.  Weather was also warmer in the fourth quarter, with heating degree days down 10% in November and down 21% in December compared to 2010.  Service expert revenue was down 16% in the fourth quarter, and margin was down 260 basis points as the business faced the same residential dynamics. On the commercial service side, revenue was up mid-teens and margin saw a strong growth. Turning to our commercial equipment business, revenue in the fourth quarter was 8%, and segment margin was up 230 basis points to a fourth quarter record level of 11.1%. Revenue growth was broad-based but led by double-digit growth in national accounts. Lennox had five new national accounts in the fourth quarter, bringing the total to 20 new national accounts for 2011, the most accounts added since 2008. In our refrigeration business for the fourth quarter, organic revenue was up 2% at constant currency. From a regional perspective, Europe, South America and China continued to see strong growth. North America saw solid gains led by year-over-year strength at Kysor/Warren and Australia was down. Refrigeration segment margin increased 170 basis points to a fourth quarter record level of 11.7%.  Regarding Kysor/Warren, revenue grew at a high-teens rate in 2011, despite a choppy market and margins expanded in each quarter through the year as the integration and operational improvements have gone well. We remain on target for the business to be $0.12 accretive to EPS in 2012. Now I’ll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Hau: Thank you, Todd and good morning everyone. I’ll provide some financial details and additional comments on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the fourth quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was $300 million, down 14%. Currency was neutral, volume was down 10%. And combined price and mix were down 4% with price up 1% and mix down 5%. Let me expand on the mix for a moment. While mix was down at the same rate as in the third quarter at 5%, the fourth quarter is compared against a rich mix of the fourth quarter of 2010 in which mix was up 6%. As Todd talked about earlier, this was due to the high efficiency products sold ahead of the expiration of the $1500 tax credit and in front of our announced price increases.  As mentioned in the third quarter earnings call this year, we were taking actions toward improving mix, encouraging more complete HVAC system sales going into the fourth quarter. These included repackaging our incentives and promotions, the dealers and consumers and filling out our line of products across the various SKUs of our new furnace platform. We saw evidence in the fourth quarter that our actions are working both with regards to mix and in share gain. Now moving on to residential segment profit. In the fourth quarter, profit was $14 million, down 57%. Segment profit margin was 4.8%, down 480 basis points from the fourth quarter a year ago. Segment margin was down from lower volume and product mix as well as higher commodity costs. Partial offsets include favorable price, productivity initiatives and lower SG&A expenses. For the full year, residential segment revenue was $1.34 billion, down 5%. Currency was neutral, volume was down 4%. Combined price and mix were down 1% with mix down 3% and price up 2%. Segment profit was $75 million, down 43%. Segment profit margin was 5.6%, down 370 basis points. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business, in the fourth quarter, commercial revenue was $160 million, up 8%. Volume was 6%, an price and mix were up 3% with currency at negative 1% impact. North American commercial HVAC revenue was up low double digits, and Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up mid single digits at constant currency. Segment profit was $18 million, up 35%, and segment profit margin was a fourth quarter record at 11.1% and was up 230 basis points from the prior year quarter. Segment margin was up from higher volume, favorable price and mix, productivity initiatives and lower SG&A expenses with a partial offset from higher commodity costs. For the full year, commercial revenue was $696 million, up 12%. Volume was up 7% and price and mix were up 3%. Currency had a 2% positive impact. Segment profit was $79 million, up 15%, and segment profit margin was 11.4%, up 20 basis points. Moving to our service experts business, in the fourth quarter, revenue was $122 million, down 16%. Volume was down 20% on warmer winter weather and a soft consumer environment. Price and mix were up 4% on strong growth in commercial service. Currency was neutral. Segment profit was $1 million, down 78%. Segment profit margin was 0.9%, down 260 basis points from the fourth quarter a year ago. And results were impacted by lower volume with some offsets from productivity initiatives and lower SG&A expenses. For the full year, revenue in service experts was $529 million, down 10%. Volume was down 13%, and price and mix were up 2%. Currency had a positive 1% impact. Segment profit was $2 million, down 92% and segment profit margin was 0.3%, down 300 basis points. In our refrigeration segment, revenue in the fourth quarter was $189 million, up 36%. Excluding the Kysor/Warren acquisition, volume was down 2%, and price and mix were up 2%. Currency was neutral.  From a regional perspective in constant currency, South America was up mid-20s, Europe was up mid-teens, and China was up double digits. North America was up mid-single digits and Australia was down high single digits. Segment profit was $22 million, up 59%. Segment profit margin was a fourth quarter record 11.7%, up 170 basis points. Results were positively impacted favorable price and mix, productivity initiatives and lower SG&A expenses.  For the full year, refrigeration revenue was $805 million, up 46%. Excluding the Kysor/Warren acquisition, refrigeration revenue was up 7%. Volume was flat and price and mix were up 2%. Currency had a positive 5% impact. Segment profit was $78 million, up 26%. Segment profit margin was 9.6%, down 150 basis points.  Excluding the Kysor/Warren acquisition, refrigeration segment was up 170 basis points to 12.8%. Looking at special items for the fourth quarter, the company had net after-tax charges of $9.7 million. This includes $9.5 million of asset and goodwill impairment charges for the Hearth business. For the full year, Lennox had net after-tax special charges of $20.3 million, including $10.5 million from restructuring activities, the Hearth impairment and other items. These impacted GAAP EPS from continuing operations by $0.39. Corporate expenses were $13 million in the fourth quarter, down 25% from the prior year quarter. For the full year, corporate expenses were $54 million, down 17% from 2010. For 2012, our corporate expense guidance remains $65 million to $70 million.  Overall SG&A was $145 million in the fourth quarter, down 16%. For all of 2011, SG&A was $616 million, down 9%. Both periods included the SG&A taking on in the Kysor/Warren acquisition. SG&A was down for the quarter and the year, primarily from low incentive compensation, commissions and selling expenses as well as strong discretionary spending controls.  Cash from operations was $76 million for the full year versus $186 million last year. Capital spending was $43 million in 2011 compared to $46 million in 2010, resulting in free cash flow of $33 million for the full year compared to $140 million in the prior year.  Cash from operations was down for the year, primarily on lower net income, lower accrued expenses and higher working capital. As you know, our free cash flow is very seasonal in nature. We had a historically strong second half of 2011 with $194 million of free cash flow. The timing of our accounts receivable collection and workdown of inventory was not fast enough to offset the use of cash we had in the first half of 2011 to the degree we anticipated. You may recall we had quite an increase in inventory in the first quarter of last year as we ramped up our factories to more level-load activity in front of the summer selling season as well as positioning equipment in our company-owned distribution channel. Given the level loading that took pace and the timing of some key accounts receivable collections, we anticipate a much better first half of free cash flow in 2012 relative to what we had in the first half of 2011. Excluding the Kysor/Warren acquisition, working capital as a percent of trailing 12-month sales for the company was 19% compared to 17% in the year ago period. The quarter end working capital ratio was 16.2% compared to 15.5% at the end of the fourth quarter in 2010. Looking at liquidity, cash and cash equivalents were $45 million at the end of December. Our debt to EBITDA ratio was 1.9 ending the year within our target range of 1 to 2 times. The total debt was $465 million at the end of the year, up $146 million from a year ago and down $35 million from the third quarter.  We continue to be well positioned with our balance sheet to continue executing on our strategic initiatives and returning cash to shareholders. We paid more than $36 million in dividends in 2011 and repurchased $120 million of stock, including $30 million in the fourth quarter. We have a new $100 million stock repurchase authorization in place and $20 million remaining under the prior authorization. We are targeting $50 million of stock repurchases in 2012. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I will briefly talk about our outlook for 2012. On one end, our market assumptions for 2012 remain the same as we discussed at the analyst day in mid-December.  We expect North American residential and commercial unitary markets to be up low single digits. And we expect Europe HVAC and refrigeration markets to be up low single digits as well. Based on these assumptions, our guidance for 2012 revenue growth is 2.6% with a neutral impact from foreign exchange.  As discussed at the analyst day, there are several puts and takes we expect for 2012. We continue to expect $20 million to $25 million in material cost reductions through a combination of sourcing initiatives and engineering-led cost reductions. We expect an incremental $10 million of savings from announced restructuring projects.  We currently project $15 million of commodity headwind in 2012 but offset by price. We will see some carryover benefits this year from our 2011 price increases. And most recently on the pricing front, we announced a 1% to 6% price increase in North American commercial that we began to push through in December. North American refrigeration has announced a price increase of 2% effective March 15.  Regarding product mix, we anticipate lower mix in the residential business to be a $15 million headwind this year. And as incentive compensation as we lowered it across the company in line with our 2012 performance targets, we expect variable SG&A to be up about $20 million. The biggest factor overall, of course, is the macro economic uncertainty and the strength of consumers.  Our 2012 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations remains $2.20 to $2.60 for the full year. The GAAP EPS range remains $2.17 to $2.57, including the impact of announced restructuring activities.  As most of you know, the first quarter is by far a seasonally lightest period in the context of the full year. In fact, we were at a loss position for the first quarter of last year and in two over the last three years. So far this quarter, we’ve seen warmer weather than last year with heating degree days down 32%, and this is having a negative impact on our residential and service experts business from January. In commercial, while we are looking forward to continued strength with our new and existing customers in 2012, the timing of some national account businesses is expected to ramp up in the second quarter and beyond, benefitting growth after the first quarter.  The final point I want to make on the first quarter is that a material cost reductions of $20 million to $25 million for 2012 is back half loaded as it will flow through the P&L more in the second half of the year.  To wrap up with a few other guidance points for 2012, we expect interest expense in 2012 to be approximately $20 million. We anticipate a full year tax rate of 33% to 34%. Our average weighted diluted share count for the full year is expected to be approximately 51 million shares and for capital spending, we expect $55 million in 2012 as we continue to focus on transformational investments in business. With that, we will go to Q&A. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Jeff Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst:   Hi good morning guys. This is Brent Lindsay stepping in for Jeff. Just on the commercial business, it seems like you are seeing some resiliency there. As you kind of look over the near term, any pockets of caution or areas that might be showing some more strengths, and then just any color on traction within the national account business. 
Todd Bluedorn: We continue to see a good progress both in our commercial and our refrigeration business. As we have been saying over the last couple of quarters, order rates have abated a bit from where they were earlier in 2011 but they are still positive and we really had a really good quarter, fourth quarter. We talked about on the call that we added new national accounts in fourth quarter up to 20 for the year. I think the additional color I would add on commercial is strengthened verticals of school, even though those markets are down. And the final point would be what Bob mentioned in his comments is we still expect the market to be up low to mid-single digits in 2012, but the timing of some national accounts will make that more second half for the year than first half.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then on free cash flow, it came in somewhat light versus our expectation as well as your estimate at the December analyst day. Maybe just some of the factors supporting the shortfall there. 
Bob Hau: Yeah, I think I pointed out in my comments upfront, we actually had a good second half of the year with $194 million in free cash flow. Relative to our expectations we had definitely had some timing of accounts receivable collections that drifted into January and inventory ended up the year a bit higher based on some inputs as well as lower revenue relief.
Operator: We have a question from Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Just wanted to get a little bit on the revised EPA allocation for R-22. Any impact that you are hearing from your contractor customers in the way that you are pitching dry-shift or any -- obviously formerly your expectations are unchanged. Just trying to understand how that may color your thinking?
Todd Bluedorn: Maybe I will broaden the answer for those on the line who aren’t as quite tied into those as you are. We’ve had some movement over the last month or so both from the DOE and from EPA referenced the R-22 dry charge issue. One is a proposal reducing the allocations of R-22 refrigerant, the amount that’s able to be produced, this has led to a spike in our 22 refrigerant pricing, almost triple in value on the street. This is a recent development. So we are still evaluating how it’s going to play out, Josh. And another proposal is that manufacturers cannot sell R-22 condensing units that were not certified prior to January 2010. This has no impact on us because R-22 units that we sold last year and planning on selling this year were certified prior to that date. These two actions from the EPA and DOE are certainly steps in the right direction. We don’t think they will have a big impact on 2012 given where we are now. So the guidance that we gave back in December of – that the market moving from 20% R-22 dry charge to 25% R-22 dry charge is still our perspective. But on the longer term, this is a good movement from DOE and EPA on the loophole. More needs to be done though and we continue to work with our peers, DOE and EPA on these and related issues.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: And then maybe just one follow up, kind of competitively on the R-22 environment. Obviously I know you guys focus on your own business, but anything that you are seeing from competitors that suggest that there is a new approach outside of obviously trying and getting into that market a little bit more thoroughly in 2012. That says there could be some traditional share shift, people either abandoning or de-emphasizing or maybe getting a little bit more aggressive. Just anything that you’ve noted over the past couple of months.
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is no. The longer answer is I wouldn’t have expected this. Our guys wouldn’t have expected to see it yet. I mean, where we will see, when it will be, when we are going into the cooling season. And so the R-22 market is really sort of emergency replacement over the counter somebody’s unit breaks in and it’s high outside, they have to replace and that’s what they go with. And then obviously even the warm weather in January, there is not a whole lot of that going on right now. We will see this when we get into the summer time. So the answer is we haven’t seen anything but we wouldn’t have expected to.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Okay. And then just one final one, can you comment on how price yield is going over the past couple of months as well? Obviously you’ve announced increases in yield underneath that. Any change in what you saw earlier in – versus what you saw earlier in 2011?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s consistent with what we said back in December that we’re going to have commodity headwind this year of about $15 million and we think we can fully offset that with price. Our residential commercial and refrigeration all took price increases and early in ’11, residential announced a second increase effective 3Q11 and commercial in 4Q11. Actually last week our refrigeration business announced another price increase starting mid-March of this year. And residential will continue to monitor strength of the market and commodity movements. As you know, it’s very competitive market but we all face the same commodity issues and with copper inching its way back towards $4 per pound, the industry has historically been able to capture price offset commodity headwinds.
Operator: We have a question from Robert Barry, UBS. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry – UBS: I am sorry if I missed it. Did you say what the mix was of R-22 in the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: No, we didn’t.
Robert Barry – UBS: Could you?
Todd Bluedorn: I am looking at – someone told me a 4, I am not sure. And that’s for us. 
Bob Hau: 4% for our residential.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, 4% for our Lennox business and again that tied, Robert, as you know, but for other on the all, the answer that I just gave Josh, fourth quarter, first quarter are really big R-22 quarters, that’s when you get into the summer time.
Bob Hau: It was zero last year.
Robert Barry – UBS: Could you also tell us the year over how much operating profit pressure that Hearth business caused in resi?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, in 2011 we lost a little over $12 million on approximately $80 million of revenue. For 2012, we expect an improved conditions for the Hearth market as we think R&C is going to come back. And by the way we’ve seen that early in the year. And we took – have taken additional aggressive cost actions to significantly narrow the loss position in 2012.
Robert Barry – UBS: Is that $12 million a loss in 2011, what was that in 2010?
Todd Bluedorn: A little over $14 million,
Robert Barry – UBS:   So it actually got a little bit better year over year.
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. 
Robert Barry – UBS:   And then just finally, the SG&A was down a lot in the fourth quarter year over year. How much of that was just lower commissions due to the lower revenue things like that versus initiatives that you have taken?
Todd Bluedorn: The answer is it was both. I mean, people got less commissions and less bonuses given the performance of the business. But lots of discretionary actions that we took across the board, sort of the restructuring actions that we talked about in the December meeting. And we are going to see some of that bounce back into next year as we talked it out back in December that there is going to be $20 million or so of reinflation in SG&A because of some of those things both in fourth quarter and across the year, the sort of one-time items.
Operator:   We have a question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Yes, good morning. Gentlemen I hope you can dig a little bit more into the working capital performance, it looks the inventory at the end of the year knocked down as much as – actually up year on year in terms of the days perspective. Any commentary you might have on what the implication is for first quarter given the weak resi selling reason and maybe your production levels in the first half and maybe some fixed cost absorption there. 
Bob Hau: If you go back and look kind of how we performed in 2011, we had a pretty significant ramp up of inventory in the first half or first quarter of 2011. And as I think I pointed out in the earlier conversation, or earlier points, second half of the year we did very well from a cash standpoint, both working capital and overall which it didn’t fully offset the ramp up that we had in the first quarter of ’11. As we go into 2012, we’re kind of at that ramp up level, we’ll still have growth in inventory and first quarter as we get ready for the summer selling season but not nearly the magnitude that we saw in first quarter of 2011 over fourth quarter of 2010. 
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: It just looks –looking back at your inventory days in 4Q or basically the highest they’ve ever been, and I am just trying to understand it. Some of that presumably the change in the distribution infrastructure but I am just trying to understand the implications just given the weaker resi volume here?
Bob Hau: And I think it’s that ramp up that we had and it just didn’t bleed it all in the second half of the year, didn’t fully offset that.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: And then switching gears, in refrigeration the organic margins, if you back out Kysor/Warren rev, about 400 basis points year on year. And maybe if you could provide a little bit more color on the drivers there and breakup some of the pieces as you do in the Ks between price mix, volume, SG&A and material costs?
Bob Hau: Are you talking about fourth quarter?
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs:  Yes.
Bob Hau: First off, the K will be out probably in about a week and a half or so you will have a lot of detail there. But overall for the quarter, organic refrigeration did very well, it got some nice benefits from price and mix combined. I mentioned on the call price was up, I think 2 points overall for the quarter for that business. We continue to see very good benefits in restructuring from both SG&A and a factory standpoint. And we see some material cost savings occurred in the fourth quarter of this year.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Is any of that restructuring associated with Kysor/Warren integration at all, or is that purely on the existing business?
Bob Hau: What I was just describing is existing business. Obviously we are doing some integration restructuring within Kysor/Warren also.
Operator: We have a question from Steve Tusa with JPMorgan.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: You said 4% R-22, could just clarify that a little bit? Is that total – that’s like total resi business, so that includes like it was obviously a higher number in your – in kind of the value brands. And then what did it finish out for the year as a percentage of volumes?
Todd Bluedorn: I am looking at data that’s been handed to me, Steve. What did we say at December for the full year –
Bob Hau: It’s mid-teens Steve.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Mid-teens?
Bob Hau: Yes.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: And so you are kind – obviously you have margin assumptions for next year in resi. I mean, are you thinking that, that percentage goes up next year, or are you assuming it’s kind of flattish?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, I think what we are assuming is that the industry is going to go from 20 to 25 and we will move with the industry as it moves from 20 to 25. So we are going to get our fair share of R-22 as the industry moves.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Okay, great. And then the first quarter commentary you made, I mean, obviously a pretty dramatic drop-off last year, you lost money. Are you talking about revenues being down meaningfully? I mean, the distributors we talked to or talking about now that kind of sell-through is kind of flattish in January as you kind of move beyond these tougher comps. I mean, how do we think about how bad or I guess, how bad that performance is going to be in the first quarter?
Bob Hau: Yeah, I don’t want to get into – give specific guidance on Q1 but as I have pointed out, clearly weather is a big issue for us, January the heating degree days down 32%, and it was 59 degrees in New York, it’s 40 up in Milwaukee, that’s continuing into February, and that’s going to have an impact. And Q1 is historically very light. Yes, we lost quite a bit in first quarter of ’11, but we lost money in two of the last three years. So it’s not dramatic and summer selling season Q2 and Q3 are our main months.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Bob, just remind me what percentage of your business in kind of these winter months is heating versus cooling?
Bob Hau: I don’t have that data by quarter. That’s actually –
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Well then just for the year, how much is heating versus cooling?
Bob Hau: About 45% heating for the year.
Operator: We have a question from Nigel Coe with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.   
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Just want to dig into the inventory, you mentioned it didn’t hit much of the ramp up as you expected. But I think we’ve kind of (indiscernible) in terms of the first half, obviously you haven’t got a raised production as much as you normally would have because you have inventories on hand. But I am just wondering what does that do to your first half margins within resi? Do we see bit more pressure on that just because of the fixed cost issues?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it was anticipated in the guidance. I mean, we knew we had a big ramp up last year and first quarter and we aren’t going to do it this year. And then given broadly speaking, our cost of goods sold is 80% material, 10% direct labor, 10% fixed overhead, we’re going to adjust the direct labor based on the volumes. So the absorption factor isn’t the same as other sort of fixed cost industries. So, I mean, there will be come but we anticipated them and sort of baked it in toward that.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: And then on the -- obviously the price increases, how that’s going to play out but I mean we more -- drive a bit more replacement versus -- sorry -- drive more repair versus replacement?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it depends how far it gets inflated right? And so right now there is a compressor replacement and sort of the lowest cost option, the option we want to drive into is a complete system replacement with 410A. And then in between there is the dry charge. And the dry charge right now is sort of close enough to the replacement in value that it sort of an easy sell to replace the unit rather than repair the compressor.  If it gets inflated enough, then all of a sudden we are talking to people about the distance from an R-22 dry charge to 410A system, it gives close enough that we can make that sale. And again, when you are doing an R-22 – excuse me, when you are doing a compressor replacement, if R-22 refrigerant has tripled or more in price, you are still going to have to recharge the system when you do put it in the compressor , you are still going to have to add free-on, and more importantly the consumer is going to be exposed to that over time. So I thin k it’s all goodness for the industry because we think both for the consumer and for the industry, the 410A was the transition that needs to take place. I don’t know how much impact that’s going to have on this year but over the next few years, I think it’s moving in the right direction.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: You are talking about low to mid singles on the commercial HVAC in 2012. You’re putting through 2% to 6% price increase, which implies that your volume assumptions are fairly flat. Is that correct? And secondly, this flat volume for 2012 are little bit too conservative?
Todd Bluedorn: When I talk about low single digits, I am talking about the industry and I am talking about unit volume. And so we don’t give revenue – we didn’t give revenue guidance for our commercial segment for next year. We just gave sort of color on the industry.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: I see. So the actual revenue should be a bit more than that?
Todd Bluedorn: If we are holding gained share and the industry is up single digits, we will do better than that in revenue.
Nigel Coe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then one final clarification. The $15 million R-22 headwinds, is that revenue headwind, not an EBIT headwinds?
Todd Bluedorn: It’s an EBIT headwind.
Operator: We have a question from Keith Hughes with SunTrust Bank. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is GD in for Keith. Most of our questions have been answered. But just want to clarify on the goodwill asset impairment charges. Were those all related to the Hearth business?
Todd Bluedorn: Yes.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from Stephen Tusa with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Sorry, just had a couple of follow-ups. The first one was on R-22, obviously everybody had kind of a step-down in profitability as the mix changed. I guess, what you are saying is that, is that normalized now, so kind of on a like-for-like basis, that R-22 goes from 20% to 25% of the industry as opposed to whatever it was zero to 15%. Do you feel like you’ve kind of weathered the majority of that storm? Sorry, what was the $15 million R-22 headwind? I must have missed that.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks for giving me the chance to clarify. The movement of the industry going to 20% to 25% R-22, and our moving with the industry is going to lead to a negative mix impact that we talked about in December of $15 million on our EBIT.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Okay. $15 million, that’s baked into your numbers.
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. And as we talked about that back in December, that’s in our guidance, that’s ‘old news’.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: And then the other question just on kind of how you manage your inventories. Looking at kind of fourth quarter levels relative to the history and just seasonally speaking, how much of your kind of cooling season, do you usually have in inventory in December? How do we think about kind of the seasonal dynamics about you build inventory, i.e. how relevant is your inventory level at kind of year end as a determinant of kind of what you are going to do entering the cooling season?
Todd Bluedorn: The inventory that we have in January – I’d step back. Bob talked about it, and the way I think about it is, is last year compared to prior years we sort of changed our flow of how we produce the inventory, that we started earlier in the year, in the first quarter and sort of ramped up early both in refrigeration by the way and then residential, to sort of more level-load our factories. And then as we went through the summer season, we then bleeded off and we wanted to end the year at certain level. And what happened was the markets, especially in resi were softer maybe than what we thought. And so therefore we didn’t bleed it all, all quite off. Now I think what you are leading to is, it’s really quite frankly a question of timing now. As we go into first quarter now, we aren’t going to have the ramp up in inventory that we had last year because we came into the year with the inventory. So it will bleed some of it off but more importantly we are just not going to build at the same levels that we did last year in first quarter because we have the inventory already.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Right, in the first quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. 
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan:   So entering the cooling season, it’s not like you are going to be coming in there with a ton of product which is when you make all of your money anyway?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct. 
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: One more question sorry, on the commercial dynamics. Have you see any kind of change in appetite? As far as customer behavior, obviously you had a good year this year. Do you feel like they are still little bit of kind of pent-up replacement and then how is that market kind of transitioning as we make it through kind of year or two of growth there?
Todd Bluedorn: It continues to struggle (ph) long, Steve. I mean it’s not sort of 20% growth rates that we saw in first quarter last year. But the backlog, the order rates remained strong, and I think the thing that I am encouraged by is how broad it is. It’s national accounts and planned replacement but it’s also increasingly the one demand that we have been focused on, it’s verticals schools, and so I think it’s a broad segment of the market that we think continues to understand and have cash to make investments to lower their operating costs to buy our high energy efficiency equipment.
Stephen Tusa – JPMorgan: Right, and then just I have one more last question. Just to make sure I understand what you are saying around demand destruction and price increases at residential. Just to make sure I understand this correctly. What you are basically saying is that it’s not necessarily 2% to 3%, 4% price increase on equipment that’s only 50% of the contractor costs that – that kind of destroys demand in resi is really when you have that installation cost that goes from 1500 for the compressor repair, 3000 for the R-22 to 6000 to 7000 for like the full 410A, is that the right way to think about it? Obviously 1% to 5% price increase on equipment cost, that’s only half the installation is kind of peanuts in the end.
Todd Bluedorn: I apologize if I said anything implied that. No, you are exactly right. I mean, what the consumer sees is the install cost and/or install price and part of that is big – half of that’s labor, half of that order of magnitude equipment. And so that gives us pricing power as an industry and we have seen that we have been able to do that. The dynamic we have here is that’s complicated as our R-22 dry charge gives a consumer all-in price point that has mixed us down as an industry.
Operator: We have a question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Just one quick follow up. The $15 million headwind from R-22 in 2012. What was the number in 2011 all-in for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: $30 million.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the conference back to Mr. Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn:  Thanks operator. A few points to leave you with. For 2012, commercial and refrigeration markets continue to look solid, and we have announced price increases that are being enacted in these markets. We expect improved market conditions in residential this year with low single digit shipment growth and less mixed headwind than what we saw in 2011. We will continue to drive our strategic initiatives across the company for improved revenue and profit growth in 2012 and continue to focus on driving productivity across our business globally. Thank you for joining us. Good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T executive teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-25 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison – VP, IR Todd Bluedorn – CEO Bob Hau – CFO
Analysts: Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners Robert Barry – UBS Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Steve Tusa – JPMorgan
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the third quarter of 2011. I’m here today with Todd Bluedorn, CEO, and Bob Hau, CFO. Todd will review the key points on the quarter and year, and Bob will take you through the company’s financial performance and outlook. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties, see Lennox International’s publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn to call over to CEO Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Steve. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Let me take you through a few key points on the third quarter, and then Bob will discuss the financial results in detail and the outlook. Total company revenue was up 13% in the quarter including the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Excluding the acquisition and cost and currency, revenue was up 2%. We saw volume growth across all our equipment businesses, with commercial and refrigeration also benefiting from improved price and mix. Residential at favorable pricing also, but again, saw a mix down compared to a year ago. In our service business, residential revenue is down while commercial revenue was up for the quarter. EBIT margin at 7.4% was down 140 basis points. Margin was impacted primarily by higher raw and component commodity cost as well as lower mix. These were partially offset by a favorable price and a two-point improvement in SG&A as a percentage of sales. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.80 versus $0.83 in the third quarter a year ago. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is $0.64 versus $0.76 in the prior year quarter. Looking at each business in the third quarter, let me start with residential. The uncertain consumer environment continued in the third quarter as reflected in consumer confidence, which dropped from 59 in July to 45 in August and stayed there in September. However, weather helped in the quarter. In July, weather was both warmer than normal and warmer than last year. For the third quarter overall, cooling degree days were above normal, but in line with the third quarter last year. Residential revenue was up slightly at constant currency in the third quarter and segment margin was down 280 basis points to 7.7%. While volume and mix were up, the dynamics we have seen around mix this year continued, leading to the mix down on a year-over-year basis. As we have talked about previously, the expiration of the Federal Tax Credit at the $1,500 for high-efficiency HVAC equipment and the re-emergence of R-22 outdoor condense units in the market have negatively impact product mix in complete HVAC system selling, both for us and for the industry, in general. In total, for both our Lennox and Allied brands, 37% of cooling product shipments in the third quarter for 14 SEER and higher, down nine points from a year ago. Conversely, 13 SEER was 63% of shipments in the third quarter this year. R-22 was up from virtually nothing a year ago to just under 20% of cooling product shipments in both the second and third quarter of this year. Our residential saw double-digit growth in cooling product shipments year-over-year in the quarter. Gas furnace shipments were down low single digits as the attached rate for complete HVAC system sales continued to lag. To help offset the year-over-year headwind against complete HVAC system sales, we repacked our promotions and incentives both at the dealer and consumer levels, to encourage more complete system sales. This does not mean more dollars, but a repackaging around the promotions and incentives we always have had in the market. We’re also well-positioned moving into the heating season with a more complete line-up of our new furnace platform across the various SKUs this year. Our new furnace in the market have been standardized on a cost-reduced 33-inch platform and range from highly competitive entry-level furnaces all the way up to most premium in the market, leading energy efficiency and performance. It is still early in the furnace-selling season and we need a winner to set [ph] in across North America to drive volume. Our service expert business saw the same dynamics and residential as on the premium side of our residential equipment business, a mix down and fewer complete HVAC system sales. Again, we have repackaged promotions and incentives to help counter these effects and compete more effectively across the HVAC market spectrum. In our commercial service business, we saw 6% revenue growth. Overall, for service expert segment, revenue was down 5% of constant currency and margin was down 30 basis points to 3.7%. Turning to our commercial equipment business segment, revenue was up 10% at constant currency. We saw a broad base growth across our business in North America, led by stronger placement business at national accounts. Revenue from both our placement and new construction business was up double digits in the quarter. Favorable mix was driven by the success of our high-energy efficient rooftop, Energence and Strategos with national accounts. We won five new national accounts in the third quarter, bringing our year-to-date total to 14. Since the start of 2007, we’ve won 89 new national accounts. Europe revenue was up low single digits at constant currency and we saw solid growth in both Western and Eastern Europe and continue to expand our geographical reach in the region. Commercial segment margin was up 30 basis points to 14.4% on favorable volume, price and mix and lower SG&A that combine to more than offset commodity headwinds year-over-year. Now, refrigeration business for the third quarter. Revenue was up 59% including the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Organic revenue of constant currency was up 4% after adjusting for the strategic asset of the third-party coil business on Australia last year. Europe continued to lead growth with strengthened both food and non-food refrigeration runs up double digits. Refrigeration segment margin was up 20 basis points, excluding the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Refrigeration volume growth and favorable pricing mix more than offset commodity headwind in the quarter. Let me shift gears and talk about what we’re seeing on the commodity and component front overall and the latest on price. For 2011, we continue to expect raw and component commodity headwinds of $60 million to $65 million. We continue to capture price in the market and still expect to realize $50 million more this year over last year. Our most recent pricing action was last week when we announced new 1% to 6% increase at our Lennox commercial business effective December 5th. Regarding cost reduction in the space, we’re still on track with sourcing savings over approximately $25 million in 2011. Turning to 2012, let me make a few points on the year now. Then, is as our standard practice, we’ll get specific details at our annual analyst day, which will be on December 14th in New York. Looking in next year, we’re obviously facing uncertain markets, mix and commodity prices. Most important is the macroeconomic overhang, which is uncertain. Given the overall market uncertainties, we’re taking cost actions in ensuring contingency plans are in place for different scenarios that may develop. We’ve had great success on material cost reductions over the last few years as we source more of our components from agent suppliers and created a more competitive supply base. As we have talked about before, the material cost reductions will come increasingly from platform and system redesigns that take cost out. About nine months ago, we stepped up the engineering focus on these types of cost that cause takeout programs. We’re excited about the progress we are making and expect to have similar cost reductions in 2012 from engineering-led programs as we’ve had from moving our supply base to Asia over the last three or four years. We have also undertaken further restricting actions at the company, including moving productions to lower cost factories and structure reductions in SG&A. We expect programs that are currently announced to provide a pre-tax benefit of $7 million in 2012. In SG&A, through combination of restructuring and closely controlling discretionary expenditures, spending will be essentially flat this year with 2010. On a long term basis, we target SG&A to grow at half the rate of revenue growth as markets come back. One final point before I turn it over to Bob, the company has strong cash generation in third quarter with free cash flow of $132 million. We pay $10 million in dividends and repurchased $55 million of stock in the quarter. Due to the first 9 months of the year, we paid $27 million in dividends and repurchased $90 million of stock. Given the recent stock price and the company strong cash generation, we are increasing our share repurchase plans for more than $100 million to a target of $100 million for the full year. Now I’ll turn it over to Bob.
Bob Hau: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Let me provide you some additional commentary in the business segments for the quarter starting with residential heating and cooling. In the third quarter, revenue from residential heating and cooling was $374 million, up 1%. Buying was up 4% mixed with down 5% and price was up 1%. Currency had a one-point positive impact. Residential segment profit was $29 million compared to $39 million in the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 7.7% compared to 10.5% in the third quarter last year. Results were primarily impacted by lower mix and higher commodity cost with offsets from higher volume, price realization and lower SG&A. Turning to our commercial unit cooling business, in the third quarter, commercial revenue was $199 million, up 13%. Buying was up 3% and price and mix were up 7%. Currency had a three-point positive impact to revenue growth. Our North American commercial HVAC revenue was up mid-teens and Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up low double digits. Commercial segment profit was $29 million, up 15% from $25 million in the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 14.4%, up 30 basis points from 14.1% in the third quarter last year. Results were primarily impacted by higher volume, favorable price and mix and lower SG&A with an offset from higher commodity cost. Moving to our service experts business. In the third quarter, revenue was $145 million, down 4%. Volume was down 7% and price and mix were up 2%. Currency had a one-point positive impact. Segment profit was $5 million compared to $6 million in the prior year quarter and segment profit margin was 3.7% compared to 4.0% in the third quarter a year ago. Results were primarily impacted by lower residential volume with offsets from strong growth and commercial services and overall lower SG&A expenses. In our refrigeration segment, revenue in the third quarter was $224 million, up 59% including the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Adjusted for the strategic exit of the third-party coil business in Australia last year, organic revenue was up 11%, volume was up 2% and price and mix were up 2%. Currency had a positive seven-point impact. Segment profit was $21 million compared to $17 million in the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 9.2% including the effect of the Kysor/Warren acquisition versus 12.3% in the third quarter last year. Excluding the acquisition, refrigeration profit margin was up 20 basis points over the prior year quarter. Overall refrigeration results were primarily impacted by higher volume and favorable price and mix with offsets from higher commodity cost and higher SG&A including the acquisition. Looking at special items in the third quarter, the company had an after-tax chart restructuring charges of $6.7 million largely related to corporate and SG&A structural changes, as well as headcount reductions. We expect these (inaudible) $7 million of free tax benefit and earnings in 2012. Corporate expenses were $15 million in the third quarter, flat with prior year quarter. For the full year, we now expect corporate expenses to be $55 million to $60 million versus prior guidance of $60 million. Overall SG&A was $166 million in the third quarter, up just under 2% from the prior year quarter. For the third quarter, cash from operations was $140 million, double the $70 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was approximately $8 million in the third quarter compared to $10 million in the prior year quarter and free cash flow was $132 million, up 122% from $59 million a year ago. Due to the seasonality of our business, most cash generation takes place in the second half of the year. Excluding the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition, working capital is a percent of trailing 12-month sales for the company was 18.5%, up from 16.7% in the year-ago period. The quarter end working capital ratio was 17.6%, down from 18.9% at the end of the third quarter a year ago as we begin to work on inventory in the second half of this year. Looking at liquidity, cash and cash equivalence were $58 million at the end of the quarter and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.0 with total debt of $500 million at the end of the quarter. On October 21st, the company extended the maturity on its $650 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility from October of 2012 to now, October of 2016 through an amended and restated agreement. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll briefly talk about our market assumptions for the full year of 2011. In residential, we now expect industry shipments to be up mid single digits for the year in total versus our prior view of low single digits. But as we’ve discussed before, the impact of R-22 and the lower tax incentive is driving a significantly negative mix year-over-year for 2011. We still expect the refrigeration market to be up mid single digits and we now expect the North American commercial unitary market to be up low double digits versus our previous expectation for the industry to be up high single digits. Based on these assumptions and with one quarter to go in 2011, our guidance for organic revenue for the full year is now flat up 2% including two points of positive foreign exchange impact versus the prior range of up 1% to 4%. Including the Kysor/Warren acquisition on an as-reported basis, our revenue growth guidance range is now 7% to 9% versus the prior range of 8% to 11%. Commodity headwind in 2011, from the increases in raw and component material remains $60 million to $65 million, partially offset by $50 million of price. As Todd mentioned, we’ve announced an additional 1% to 6% price increase in our Lennox commercial business effective December 5th. We are narrowing our 2011 guidance for adjusted EPS from continuing operations to a range of $2 to $2.15 compared to our prior range of $2 to $2.30. Including the impact of announced restructuring activities, our GAAP EPS guidance moves to a range $1.78 to $1.93 from the prior range of $1.93 to $2.23. Our weighted average share count for the full year of 2011 is expected to be approximately 53.5 million shares and for the full year of 2011 tax rate, we now expect approximately 33.5%. Capital spending for 2011 is expected to be between $45 million and $50 million versus prior guidance or approximately $60 million. And with that Stacey, let’s go to Q&A.
Todd Bluedorn: Operator, before we go to Q&A, I’ve been informed that I got so excited about the stock repurchase plan that I misstated. So let me reread from my script the final sentence. Given the recent stock price and the company strong cash generation, we are increasing our share repurchase plans from more than $100 million to a target of a $120 million for the full year. So our target is now $120 million versus $100 million. Okay, operator, let’s go to Q&A please.
Operator: Thank you and we’ll go to Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond : Hi, good morning guys.
KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning guys.
Bob Hau: Hi, Jeff.
Todd Bluedorn: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond : Good color on the initial thoughts on ’12 on cost savings and you made a comment, what you’ve announced thus far, are you contemplating additional actions that would get announced? And maybe just a comment on price cost as we’ve seen commodities dip down here.
KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good color on the initial thoughts on ’12 on cost savings and you made a comment, what you’ve announced thus far, are you contemplating additional actions that would get announced? And maybe just a comment on price cost as we’ve seen commodities dip down here.
Todd Bluedorn: Well, let me first talk about commodities and then I’ll talk about the cost side of the equation. As you suggested in your comments, we’ve seen commodity prices have eased some from earlier this year but have been moving around quite a bit. And as you know, we systematically hedged copper and aluminum. Such at 12 months out, we’re already around 50% hedged. Effectively, this creates a six-month (inaudible) lag between spot prices when we start to see the impact on our P&L. Right now, our hedge positions on aluminum-copper are about 10% to 20% higher than a year ago. So, sort of where we stand out of what we already have hedged, it’s 10% to 20% higher than where stood in 2010 going into 2011. Steel is the other major commodity and while prices are down some, there’s still uncertainty. For us steel is priced on a one quarter lag, the CRU spot price with the discount applied off that. So, there’s lots of movement and uncertainty around commodities even now for next year. Regarding price over the years, we’ve been good about capturing price against commodity headwinds. And as our standard practice, we’ll update you with specific comments in December at the analyst day. And in terms of what we done on the cost side of the equation, we’ve reduced headcount at corporate and in the business units. We’ve moved some air handler production from our Marshalltown, Iowa facility to lower labor cost facility in South Carolina. South Carolina already had cheap metal capacity, so it made most sense to get it there more quickly for the savings. And directly answering your question, we continue to queue up more projects as we see how markets develop ahead of the 2012 selling season. So, we continue to build scenarios and we’ll adjust our cost structure as needed.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. But it seems like if you were kind of net headwind this year of 15 million on price cost that you would at least catch that up in the 12th. Just based on additional price actions and then stabilization in commodities?
Todd Bluedorn: Short answer is if commodities stayed where we’re at today, that’s a true statement.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Okay, great. And then, can you just comment on Kysor/Warren? It seems like if you pull that out, the profitability is still pretty anemic there. Is that meeting expectations? And I think you have given some guidance into ’12 on accretion. How is that lining up versus plans?
Todd Bluedorn: We’re executing against our synergy plan and feel very good about the acquisition. We expect solid margin improvement as we exit this year and still expect $0.12 of accretion in 2012.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. And then, maybe just a couple of finer point questions. Where do you think inventories are at from your perspective and in your system? And if you can give us an ending share count for the quarter.
Todd Bluedorn: I let Bob get in on share account and make sure he has – do you know any share count?
Bob Hau: (inaudible)
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, I’ll answer the first one. This is for the rest on the call, Jeff, because you know this. We’re 80% one step where we sell directly to dealers and then 20% we sell through independent distribution. But independent distribution, I think for the 20%, we sell our Allied brands, it’s pretty lean. I think independent distributors have been cautious given all the macroeconomic uncertainty. On our one step, we have minimal inventory with dealers. We think we stock the shelves. We just need some cold weather to set in to help drive furnace sales. But, when the weather changes and the market picks up, the inventory will flow very quickly through our channel.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Bob Hau: And Jeff, we closed our third quarter about 51.6 million shares end the period. And as I mentioned in the script, full year, fully diluted will be at 53.5.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll go the line of Josh Pokrzywinski with MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Hi. Good morning guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Josh.
Bob Hau: Hi, Josh.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Just looking for an update. The last quarter, you gave some helpful commentary on kind of the incoming order rate, not the numbers specifically, but kind of the bio language on commercial orders and where backlog was. If we could get an update, that would be helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: Commercial and refrigeration had a strong Q3 as you saw the numbers. But we’ve seen a bit of a slowdown on orders as you’d expect given the macroeconomic environment and uncertainty. Europe and mainly in the U.S., Europe has been resilient and while we continue to watch for any softening, we haven’t seen it yet. The slower orders in commercial and refrigeration are in part while we lowered our revenue guidance range for the year.
Josh Pokrzywinski: Got you. And if we could shift over to the furnace expectations, I know the new product line, I guess, the fuller line this year was kind of a source of early optimism heading in the fourth quarter. I would imagine you’ve seen some dealer loading there at this point. Any kind of first update or first view on how that has trended versus early expectations? Or is it just too soon to tell?
Todd Bluedorn: I think that’s what you said. It’s too early to tell. I mean, only in the last week or so, as the weather started to turn cold in many parts of the country, as the weather continues to turn cold, we’ll have a better read of the furnace sell-through, because you’re right, I mean, dealers have bought it and I think our dealers are excited by it. But we’ll have to see how it sells through to really get a read on what it means for Q4.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: Okay. And then, just one final one on R-22. Obviously, one of your competitors, similarly-sized competitors was out of that market this year and was looking to get back in next year. Any way calibrate how far above kind of normal share levels you’ve been on the low end, I guess, the 13 is your product that might be at risk next year should share kind of normalize with another competitor stepping in?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think we would be the ones who would lose share as train gets more aggressive on R-22. My guess is there’s others on the entry level who had more of a share gain at that position than we have. And R-22 play has been more with our Allied brands than with our Lennox brands. And so, I think that’s a segment of the market we’ll continue to compete and then do well.
Josh Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners: All right. Understood. Thanks guys.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks, Josh.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll go to the line of Robert Barry with UBS. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry – UBS: Hey, guys, good morning.
Todd Bludorn: Hey, Robert.
Bob Hau: Good morning, Robert.
Robert Barry – UBS: Did you mention that price was a benefit of 1% in (inaudible)?
Todd Bluedorn: Just check our notes and make sure what we said. Short answer is yes. That’s what we said.
Robert Barry – UBS: (inaudible) first a couple of quarters that had been backing higher than that? So, I was curious what happened there.
Todd Bluedorn: I think it was the timing of the price increases in terms of when we announced and what we’re seeing and how slow for P&L.
Robert Barry – UBS: (inaudible) price increase would be less impactful.
Todd Bluedorn: No. I mean, I don’t think I have any color to show. The pressure on pricing really hasn’t changed quarter-to-quarter and just sort of the timing of when we sell to builders, when we sell to contractors, the size of the dealer that we’re selling to. So, net-net, I think we’re comfortable where pricing was for the quarter.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. On commercial, it was like you had a pretty significant (inaudible). Could you just explain what is (inaudible)?
Todd Bluedorn: You’re breaking up on me, Robert. And so, I’ll attempt to answer the question and maybe get on another phone and call back. And I think the question was, “Why are we seeing such good price and price mix in commercial?” And I think it reflects a couple of things. It reflects the success that we’re seeing in our premium products, Energence and Strategos. It also has to do with the mix of national accounts that we have in any given quarter. And it reflects the pricing actions that we’ve taken earlier in the year. So, where in resi, we have pricing increases at the end of last year and our commercial business, we had some pretty significant price increases partway through first quarter and we at the time said in first quarter and second quarter that we start to see that price flow through second half of the year and we’re in fact seeing that.
Operator: And we’ll go to the line of Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs, please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Hi. Yes, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Adam.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: I wanted to ask on Kysor/Warren. The required revenue is a little bit higher than we had modeled. What was the underlying organic growth in that business in the quarter? I think you’ve seen Hoffman [ph] struggle as they’ve worked through the divestiture there and just wondering kind of how you look at share on the refrigeration side?
Bob Hau: Yes, I don’t have the third quarter numbers for last year. That was back when I managed to walk on to – clearly, we’re seeing some good adjustments from their new product line and we continue to see future potential growth as they expand that into their full product spectrum.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Okay. And then, in the commercial business, I think you talked about slowing it in US orders. I know it’s early for 2012 but you’ve seen some larger customers including Wal-Mart say their US CapEx is going to be down next year. How do you think about the environment for 2012 even at least at the high level?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s what I said earlier. There’s lots of moving pieces both in res and commercial and we’ll give guidance in December of what we’re saying. I think we’re doing the right things in terms of taking cost out for any scenario. We think we have the right product for winning accounts. We think we’re winning in the market place in commercial and refrigeration. As you well know, the Christmas selling season has a huge impact on our retail customers. And so, I think there are still some variables still to be played out for us to really have a clear view on 12 markets.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s fair. And then just finally for me, the cut for CapEx for the year, what was the driver and so far maybe some of the longer-term programs that you’ve been investing in kind of maybe where was that cut coming from?
Todd Bluedorn: I think it’s more just the timing of implementation. It wasn’t an explicit cut to generate cash. It’s just sort of the timing of implementation of projects.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right. Thanks very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: I think we’ll go to line of Rich Kwas with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Rich. How are you?
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Fine. As we think about 2012 just from a mixed standpoint on the resi side, R-22 at 20% this quarter flat with Q2, do you think that’s the high watermark? Given the competitive landscape right now, do you think that mix goes up meaningfully from here?
Todd Bluedorn: I would expect year-over-year comparison on the mix side to be less difficult in 2012 than what we saw in 2011. We’re approaching R-22. That’s going to be here for some time and we’re taking actions to compete there. As you said, it was about 20% of our revenue. Again, it’s early. I think it’s probably going to be greater next year than it was this year, but not to step up that we saw from ’10 to ’11. So I’m not sure where the high watermark, but it’s going to be crusting soon if I have to bet now.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Any sense that the economy getting better that kind of holds that growth? What’s the biggest trigger in terms of the mix on that front that you’re doing?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the biggest trigger, medium-term, it will be as you suggest the economy. It’s hard to imagine that in 2012 there will be a meaningful move in the economy to sort of change the dynamic we’ve seen. But I think it’s the economy changing. I think the closer we get to the efficiency changes in units, which is 2014, that that will help alleviate R-22 also.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then on the commodity front, I think last quarter you talked about some price increases from overseas suppliers affecting your increase in the commodity headwind from last quarter. Where are you with that? Is that fully implemented and do you expect to see any more headwind on that front as you move out over the next few quarters?
Todd Bluedorn: For 2011, we sort of reiterated the guidance we gave in terms of the headwinds of commodities of $60 million to $65 million and then pricing at 50 and the material cost reduction at 25. And then the only guidance we’ve given so far on ’12 is what I said in the script that we’re gaining confidence in the engineering-led cost reduction programs and we’re confident that in 2012 we can get similar order of magnitude material cost reduction savings that we have had over the last few years. But again, I’ll state the obvious, commodity cost, they were out and continue to go down. That gives us obviously leverage over our supply base, and we’ll take advantage of it.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn:
Thanks:
Operator: And we’ll go to the line of Keith Hughes with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you. Give us some sort of feel on the margin difference between the dry shift units and a traditional 13 SEER with 410A versus the higher? Just any kind of number is really helpful.
Todd Bluedorn: The margin percentage isn’t so much different on a 13 SEER R-22 and a 13 SEER 410A. I think the big difference is the dollar value is lower. And then when you sell 410A, you often bring the air coil and the furnace with it. So, I think it’s both an unbundling of the system sell as well as the way the pricing of the R-22 unit has been positioned in the market by the low-end competitors. It’s sold at a dollar discount versus a 410A.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So, are you getting substantial less margin just selling the R-22 universe, the furnace and the other components?
Todd Bluedorn: If I understood the question, we miss out on – we sell our R-22 units. It sells for about...
Bob Hau: About $1,800.
Todd Bluedorn: About $1,500, $1,800. Where if we sell 1410A system, it’s $5,000, $6,000 when we put the whole system in. Condensing unit to condensing unit, R-22 is a lower price than what the 410A is.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Because your revenue numbers in residential are not all that bad, but I would expect that the math you just gave me to be much worse because it is the margin is where you’re getting it. That’s where I’m confused.
Todd Bluedorn: Yes, it’s the margin where we’re getting it.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So, why are you getting hit so much more on the margin? It seems like we would see more hit on the revenue line.
Todd Bluedorn: The reason we’re getting hit on the margin is our furnaces (inaudible). We on a year-over-year basis are down significantly in margin mix because a year ago, it’s not only that we not have R-22 but we also had the $1,500 tax credit. And so, it’s a combination of the two. And so, a year ago, we were able to replace the 410A system, used $1,500 tax credit to sell off to our most premium furnace in an essence, say, you can get a furnace, premium furnace for half price. This year, we’re not getting the tag-along furnace and we’re certainly not getting as many premium furnaces. So, it’s a mix down on our furnace lines as well as a margin down on our R-22 conducting units.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. So, going in to ’12, boring any changes to the economy and things to that nature, the mix as you read off between 14 SEER and above and dry shift, those are bases we’re going to stay about the same and maybe few points need a direction. But there’s nothing else out there that’s going to cause that to move down, correct?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think there are the structural changes that we saw from ’10 to ’11, at least not that we can see now, the $1,500 tax credit R-22. I think the changes will sort of be the incremental changes. There’s a $500 tax credit that goes away next year. We don’t think that will have the same impact as the 1,500 gone from 1,500 to 500. There’s the point that was made earlier that the fact that at least one large competitor who didn’t play this year in R-22, we’ll sort of focus on it. But I don’t think there’s the big structural changes or systematic shocks that we saw this year.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And we’ll go to the line of Steve Tusa with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey, Steve.
Bob Hau: Hi, Steve.
Steve Cuso – JP Morgan: Just to follow on to the question about that competitor. I’m just curious to the mechanics of how one kind of re-enters or gets into the R-22 market. From your perspective, how easy is it to kind of flip the switch? I mean, is it a function of educating and putting right the incentive in place for the dealers? How hard is that to do? Because I presume you guys earlier in the year weren’t planning on being the big player on R-22, but you’ve clearly taken or at least stem some of the share that your light competitor did. So, I’m just curious as to strategically how easy that is.
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t want to play trains hand for them, but I think the way we thought about it what’s better stated. I think that you have to have the right channel to sell it or it helps to have the right channel to sell it. And so, premium dealers, high-end dealers aren’t trained or aren’t sort of skewed that direction you spent years, decades training them system sell, premium sell. That’s how we levered our Allied distribution network to do it. And so, like I said earlier, we’re 20% overall but in Allied it’s a much higher percentage. And so, we levered the distribution channel that’s focused on entry level product. I don’t know how much of that train has and whether they’re going to be able to make the switch. But my guess is they’ll find a way to sell R-22 into the market.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Right. So your Allied brand, how much was Allied up in the quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: Allied was up – what we’ve talked about was up double digits in condensing units and down low single digits overall in furnaces and that was both brands together.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: What does this R-22 result this year kind of tell you guys about the value proposition that the industry continue to try and push towards higher SEER products? I assume you need to have a good feed through service experts, so you must have a good re-entry into the consumer behavior around compressor repairs in R-22. I mean, how worried are you guys about the dynamic that this is just forever kind of a value industry? And there may be some structural headwind even on the pent-up side as you push SEERS and equipment prices higher, system prices higher.
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t think it’s changed forever. I mean forever is a long time. For 30 years, this has been an industry where we’ve had multiple tiers and you’ve been able to differentiate around consumer requirements. Whether it’s historically been efficiency where it’s increasingly becoming controls and the quality of comfort that’s produced, I don’t think that’s changed. There’s lots of businesses where you continue to differentiate. I think what it’s thought us, I think it’s thought a lot of people that when you’re in the third or fourth year of a stark economic turndown and the consumer is as fragile as they are now, they’ll look to avoid spending money. But we’re still able to differentiate on the premium side, we’re still able to get money for premium product, and as the economy starts to heal, I think that we’ll even see more of that happening. So I don’t think the business is broken. I think it’s shifted down given the economic environment. But it’s incumbent upon us to innovate and differentiate so consumers want to spend the incremental money, because it will either save their operating costs or allow them to have a cooling experience that they like, and we think we can get paid for that.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Right. And clearly stuff is still breaking obviously. So it’s not as if there’s not this pool of aging units out there, it seems like, given that R-22 has jumped so much this year.
Todd Bluedorn: Right. Now there’s still pent-up demand being created and there’s still a bio wave coming, and when that bio wave comes, we think we’re going to be in a position, because the climate would have turned that we’re going to mix up like we always have. And it’s not like the industry has.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Right. And then any to calibrate expectations for the fourth quarter? It was a good quarter with the end of tax credit for some and anything you want to just let us know about how you see the fourth quarter right now, incremental weakness anywhere, any (inaudible) around the fourth quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I mean it’s really too early to tell just on the stance. I mean we lowered our revenue guidance for the full year. That reflects, as I said earlier, some of the weak order rates we saw on commercial and refrigeration. On the resi side, we have to have the weather turn cold and see the sell-through. I mean we’ve done a good job sort of positioning independent distributors and then our dealers, and we just have to see how the weather shakes out. But again, as we all know, our resi business is a two-week lead time and up to 40% of the volumes in the month of December. So we still have a lot in front of us.
Steve Tusa – JP Morgan: Sure. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Good. Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. And I’ll turn it back to Todd.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay. Thanks, everyone. I want to leave you with a couple of key points. Our commercial and refrigeration businesses have been sold, with good shipment growth and favorable price and mix. Residential has seen good shipment growth and favorable price, but mix continues to be down compared to a year ago. In response, the company has taken aggressive cost reduction measures and continues to engage in new productivity and growth initiatives for 2011 and 2012. The final point is that we will continue to use our strong balance sheet to grow the business as well as return cash to shareholders through a competitive dividend and share repurchases, including a target of $120 million in 2011. Thank you for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude your conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-26 09:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve L. Harrison – Vice President, Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn – Chief Executive Officer Robert W. Hau – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC Robert Barry – UBS
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Lennox International Q2, 2011 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve L. Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the second quarter of 2011. I’m here today with Todd Bluedorn, CEO, and Bob Hau, CFO. Todd will review the key points on the quarter and Bob will take you through the Company's financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I’d like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties see Lennox International's publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Now, let me turn the call over to CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Good morning and thank you all for joining us. Let me take you through a few key points on the second quarter and our current view on market conditions. And then Bob will discuss the financial results in more detail and the outlook. As you saw in our earnings release this morning, the second quarter was disappointing for our residential equipment and service businesses, while Commercial and Refrigeration had solid quarters. Overall, total company revenue quarter was up 7% from the prior year quarter including The Kysor/Warren acquisition. Excluding the acquisition, in a constant currency, revenue was down 2%. EBIT margin was down 230 basis point for the company overall as reported with Kysor/Warren. Margin was impacted by lower volume and mix, higher raw and component commodity cost and a lower favorable annual warranty adjustment in last year. Positive offsets included price productivity initiatives and lower SG&A. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.84 versus $0.97 in the second quarter a year ago. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is $0.83 versus $0.86 in the prior year quarter. Looking at the quarter for each businesses let me start with residential. Revenue was down 5% at constant currency and segment margin was down 430 basis points to 8.4%; lots of dynamics in this market.
 : In our residential new construction business, the homebuyer tax credit, this is much of 8,000, not being a place this year had a negative impact. Single-family housing starts saw a strong growth in the first half of 2010 driven by the homebuyer tax credit, were down about 15% in the second quarter of this year. New construction now only accounts for about a fifth of our residential business. In our residential replacement business, there were several factors negatively impacting our volume and mix, that’s down from the federal tax credit for high efficiency equipment, no longer being available this year at the $1,500 level as well as a shift to R22 drive charge units. Let me spend a few minutes on these points. In the second quarter this year, we saw far less HVAC system sales especially as the selling season progressed in June. One reason for this to give you a simple example is that last year consumers would buy a 14 share condensing unit and then the qualify for the tax credit by a premium high efficiency furnaces and get the furnace (inaudible) we have price. This year without the $1,500 tax credit incentive, consumers are more often just replacing their cooling or condensing outdoor unit. This is evident in the mid-teen drops in the industry furnace shipments year-over-year in second quarter. Another reason is that there is a shift ongoing to R22 drive charge units. Although some consumers are buying an R22 condensing unit there is an alternative to repairing compressor which is what we had hoped. Often times consumers are going the R22 route instead of buying the new R410A cooling equipment with the outdoor condensing unit, the indoor coil and other parts and supplies necessary for the change over to the new refrigerant equipment. R22 was 17% of our cooling product shipments in the second quarter, up from 1% last year. The last point is that there was a mix down in share due to more R22 shipments. As well as a mix down in share in the R410A equipment shipped. Our Lennox brand of 14 shares higher was 47% of cooling product shipments in the second quarter down eight points from a year ago and back to the same level we saw in the second quarter of 2009.
.: We still expect residential shipments for the industry to be down flat to low single digits for 2011 and price has been as expected, but we now expect mix to be down significantly and have adjusted our outlook accordingly for the year. We have also lost some shares so far this year in our premium Lennox brand business, where our valued allied brands have grown faster and gain share in the market. Allied shipments were up mid-teens in the second quarter and allied has grown to one-third of our residential unit shipment year-to-date although much less that in revenue terms.
.:
 : Commercial segment margin was down 210 basis points primarily on commodity headwinds slightly above price realized so far as well as a lower favorable annual warranty adjustment than in the prior year quarter. Year-to-date, we have signed up nine more new national accounts bringing our total to 84 new national accounts since the start of 2007. And our refrigeration business for the second quarter, revenue was up 56% including the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Organic revenue at constant currency was up 8% after adjusting for the strategic exit of the third party coil business in Australia. And except for Australia where the refrigeration market was soft, revenue was up in all regions led by 30% growth in Europe. North America was up mid single digits. Backlog continues to look strong in refrigeration. We’re seeing momentum for replacement business driven by energy efficiency. Cold storage infrastructure pent up demand is clearly out there and financing is becoming easier for customers. Refrigeration segment margin was up 260 basis points excluding the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Refrigeration price increases covered commodity headwinds in the quarter. Let me shift gears and talk about what we’re seeing on the commodity and component front overall. We now expect raw and component commodity headwinds of $60 million to $65 million in 2011, up from the previous expectations of $45 million to $50 million. When the pressure from raw commodities have these somewhat, commodity related cost increases on a broad basis from our component suppliers hit us in the second quarter and will have an impact on our full year. We have announced and push through price increase this year in the commercial and refrigeration markets and now a second round of price increases in the residential market, while we will continue to capture as much price in the market we are competitively possible. our current expectation is $50 million of price realization for the year. Regarding our global sourcing initiatives to save an incremental $25 million to $30 million this year, our programs are still on track and progressing as planned. Before I turn it over to Bob, I would just wrap up by saying it is clear that several of the headwinds we were looking at in residential for the year have turned out to be significant this selling season. Given this, we are taking further measures to adjust our cost structure as well as engaging a new growth and productivity initiatives. but looking beyond the near-term market distortions from the year-over-year comparisons against federal tax credits and the re-emergence of our 22 equipment. Residential HVAC remains a market with strong fundamentals, real and significant pent-up demand has been created over the last five years. There will continue to be demand for premium, high-efficiency products at lower consumer energy bills each month. There is also a significant demand at the value end of the market where we have seen good traction with our allied brands and increasingly with our entry-level Lennox brands. There are opportunities here for us to focus on and we are doing so. Turning to our Refrigeration and Commercial markets, we still expect refrigeration to be at mid-single digits. we are raising our expectations for the commercial market to be up high single digits based on market performance for the first half of the year and the outlook for the second half. Backlogs continue to look strong in these businesses with broad based strength in North America as well as internationally. Now, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Robert W. Hau: Thank you, Todd. Good morning, everyone. Let me provide some additional commentary in the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating & Cooling. In the second quarter, revenue from Residential Heating & Cooling was $395 million, down 4%. Currency had a 1% positive impact; volume was down 5% and price/mix collectively were flat. Price was two points favorable in the quarter from our price increases earlier this year. Product mix was two points unfavorable and volume was lower against last year for the reasons Todd discussed earlier. Residential segment profit was $33 million compared to $53 million in the prior-year quarter. Segment profit margin was 8.4% compared to 12.7% in the same quarter last year. Results were primarily impacted by lower volume in mix and higher commodity costs. The annual warranty adjustment was favorable, but was $2 million lower in residential than the prior year quarter. Residential benefited from ongoing productivity initiatives, lower SG&A and price realization. Turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business, in the second quarter, commercial revenue was $198 million, up 13%. Volume was up 6% and price/mix were up 3%. Currency had a 4% positive impact to revenue growth. North America commercial HVAC revenue was up low double digits and Europe commercial HVAC revenue was up high teens. Commercial segment profit was $27 million compared to $28 million in the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 13.7% compared to 15.8% in the same quarter last year. Results were primarily impacted by higher volume and favorable price/mix with offsets from higher commodity costs and a $1 million lower favorable annual warranty adjustment than the prior year quarter. Moving to our Service Experts business, in the second quarter, revenue was $145 million down 13%, volume was down 14% and price/mix were flat Currency had a 1% positive impact. Volume was down for the reasons Todd discussed earlier. Segment profit was $3 million compared to $13 million in the prior year quarter, segment profit margin was 2.2% compared to 7.6% in the second quarter a year ago. Segment profit was down on lower volume with some offset from lower SG&A expenses. In our Refrigeration segment, revenue in the second quarter was $218 million up 56% including the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition. Organic revenue was up 13%, volume was up 1%, price/mix were up 3%, and currency had a positive 9% impact. When adjusted for the strategic exit of the third-party coil business in Australia last year, organic refrigeration revenue at constant currency was up 8%. Segment profit was $21 million compared to $15 million in the prior year quarter. Segment profit margin was 9.8% including the effect of Kysor/Warren acquisition versus 10.9% in the second quarter last year. Excluding the acquisition, refrigeration profit margin was up 260 basis points. Overall our refrigeration results were primarily impacted by higher volume and favorable price/mix with offsets from higher commodity costs and selling expenses. Looking at special items in the second quarter, the company had after-tax charges of $1.5 million for the restructuring projects announced in the prior quarters. In total, special items netted to an after-tax charge of $600,000. Corporate expenses were $12 million in the second quarter down 40% from $20 million in the prior year quarter primarily on a reduction in variable incentive compensation and cost controls. We are reducing our corporate expense guidance for the full year from $70 million to $60 million. Overall, SG&A was $175 million in the second quarter, down 3% from the same quarter of last year. For the second quarter, cash from operations was $6 million compared to $14 million in the prior year quarter. Capital spending was $10 million in the second quarter, compared to $9 million in the same quarter of last year. Free cash flow was a negative $5 million in second quarter compared to positive $5 million a year ago. And due to the seasonality of our business, it’s common to use cash in the first half of the year and generate cash in the second half of the year. Excluding the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition, working capital as a percent of trailing 12-month sales of the company was up 18.3%, up from 16.7% in the year-ago period. Also the quarter-end working capital ratio was 20.7%, up from 19% at the end of the second quarter a year ago. Working capital ratios are up on higher inventory levels due primarily to the softer residential market conditions and expected and will be worked on in the second half of the year. Looking at liquidity; cash and cash equivalents were $77 million at the end of the quarter. Our debt-to-EBITDA ratio was 2.3 ending the second quarter, and we expect this to be below two by the end of the year. Our total debt was $578 million at the end of the quarter. And for 2011, we expect interest expense of approximately $18 million. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I’ll briefly talk about our market assumptions for 2011. In residential, we still expect industry shipments to be up low single-digits for the year, but as Todd discussed earlier, the impact of R22 in the lower tax incentive is driving a negative mix, putting pressure on our revenue. We still expect the refrigeration market to be up mid-single digits, and we now expect the North American commercial unitary market to be up high single digits versus mid-single digits previously. Based on these assumptions, we’ve reduced our guidance for organic revenue growth for the company overall to a range of 1% to 4% including two points of positive foreign exchange impact. Including the impact of the Kysor/Warren acquisition, our revenue growth guidance range is 8% to 11% on an as-reported basis. The five-point change in guidance range to organic revenue growth at constant currency equates to approximately $150 million of revenue. Our guidance includes an impact to EBIT at a 50% decremental rate; due to the mix impact within residential were $75 million. As Todd mentioned, our commodity impact to both raw and component material is now $60 million to $65 million, partially offset by $15 million of price. We’re also taking actions to save $25 million from lower SG&A and other productivity initiatives versus our previous EPS guidance range. We are therefore lowering the guidance range for adjusted EPS from continuing operations to a range of $2 to $2.30. Our GAAP EPS guidance moves to a range of $1.93 to $2.23 including the impact of announced restructuring activities. Our weighted average share count for the full year is approximately 54 million shares. We are planning more than $65 million of share repurchases in the second half and for 2011 tax rate we now expect approximately 34%. We now expect capital spending approximately $60 million for 2011. With that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Jeff Hammond, KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff.
Robert W. Hau: Good morning, Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just on the commodity dynamic I mean, what has really changed there, because it doesn’t seem like commodity pressures have gotten incrementally worse and then, can you go through first half versus second half what your, how much of that $60 million to $65 million headwind first half, second half and how does price hit first half, second half?
Robert W. Hau: Yeah, Jeff this is, Bob. Overall commodities in terms of the raw from copper, steel and aluminum haven’t changed significantly. What’s impacting us now in the second quarter and the balance of the year is the second level implication to our component purchases. So the product that we buy from our vendors we are seeing price pressure, cost pressure from them as they deal with those same component or commodity prices that we’re suffering with also. In terms of first half to second half, the $60 million to $65 million is roughly split 50-50, about half of it behind us in the first half, the other half yet to go for the second half of the year.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, and just that the $50 million of price how much have you captured today?
Robert W. Hau: A little less than half of that in the first half and that’s really driven by, we’re seeing an immediate impact from the residential price increases, but in our refrigeration, our commercial business there is a little bit of a lag given contractual agreements we have with some customers as those roll off they get the higher prices. So it’s a little bit back half loaded, but roughly 50-50.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. That seems more balanced than what you guys have previously been talking about where you know price cost would come more in balance than the second half?
Robert W. Hau: I think all along we expected the commodities to be front half loaded when we are looking at an overall raw commodity situation. Now that we’ve got the second tier it’s more 50-50 and price, initially expected that to a bit back half loaded with those commercial phasing businesses both commercially to back-end refrigeration and the timing of those price increases.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. In the $50 million of price does not reflect any capture of these follow-on price increases?
Robert W. Hau: Well, actually it does. So we’ve announced price increases in all of our businesses beginning of the year, first quarter of the year. We didn’t announce the second level increase effective January 1 in our residential business, the $50 million in corporate and all of those.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just, Todd on the 50 basis points of share on a rolling 12 months, what would you attribute that to, I think you had some furnace dynamics and then may be just touch on how R22 would be impacting share?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Again, its unit shipments, 12-month rolling share. We’re winning in allied, so we’re actually gaining some share on the entry level products in allied and where we’ve lost share is in the premium Lennox brands, and it’s as you’re suggesting which is our strength is or we have a strong position in furnaces, we especially have a strong position in premium high-end furnaces and we have found that has been the area that has been most affected by the mix down. We’re also very good at systems selling where we sell the furnace or excuse me, when the condensing unit has to be replaced, we tied into a furnace in the elimination at tax credit has made the system sell hard or sell this year.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks, guys. I’ll get back in queue.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question from the line of Adam Samuelson, Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Yes, good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: I was hoping as to dig into the organic revenue growth guidance a little bit, it looks like it would imply some more about 3% to 9% in the second half and maybe help us by segments, you’ve got a tougher comp on the commercial side, and then a tough 4Q comp in residential given the inventory build, last year maybe is it price that’s getting better or maybe what’s year-on-year getting better in the back half that drives the organic acceleration?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think a couple of things, one is price. So we’ve talked about the price increases that we’ve had. We remain bullish on commercial and refrigeration, even with the tougher comps during the second half of the year as we raised our thinking on the industry for commercial and we’ve talked about backlog and broad strengthen those commercial and refrigeration during the balance of the year. The other piece is last year, we had a partial launch of our new furnace product line, in this year, we’ll have the full product line going into the furnace selling season, which we think will help our residential business.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay, that’s helpful. And then may be taking a step back and thinking a little bit longer term, the company has 2013 margin targets of 10.5% that you outlined in the past, may be talk about how we should be thinking about those relative to the 2011 performance and where we are today?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Right. I mean, since we give that guidance in December there is especially as we road in into the selling season there is some near term market distortions in residential HVAC because of R22 and because of tax credit. But as I mentioned residential HVAC remains a market with strong fundamentals beyond significant pent up demand that continues to be a demand for premium high efficiency product.
 :
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay and may be just one quick follow up. Is there any change on the cash flow expectations for the year? I think in the past you’ve said approximate net income, net income has come down for the years, free cash conversion of above one sell of the expectation.
Robert W. Hau: Yeah what we’ve said is over the long-term cash would approximate net income and clearly with the reduced net income overall cash flow, we’ll see some pressure. But as I explained in the script up front, we typically use cash in the first half and generate the second. So we expect that 2.3 times debt-to-EBITDA to drop below two back into our range of one to two that we’ve given from the guidance standpoint.
Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs: Okay thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And next question from the line of Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Well, hi, everyone. Todd, could you give a little more color on the market share loss there between Allied and Lennox, sounds like Allied you’ve picked up more than 50, and Lennox, the Lennox brand you may be lost more than 50. Could you provide any color there?
Todd M. Bluedorn:
 :
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then, I guess as you think about that the tax credits expiring and as you move into next year, what are your thoughts here with R22, I mean how much of a headwind do you expect as you always expect this to be a headwind the rest of the year. But as you move into 2012, how do you think mix is going to play out, and I know there’s some factors there with the macro that affect that, but I mean what are you thinking right now, I mean do you think it is going to be a slow ramp in terms of mix recovery?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think that as we went into the selling season this year, we were all surprised, I’ll personalize it, we as a company were surprised by the impact on mix from the tax credit, we thought we were positioned to sort of work our way through it, and so, and we didn’t – through May, we were fine on mix, and then in June, we saw a significant deterioration as we started to sell through our dealers. We’re confident that as an industry whether it’s moving from 10th year to 13th year, whether it’s changing refrigerants, whether it’s elimination is tax credit, sort of the history to industries are shocks to the market dynamics that affects a compression of the segmentation of the market. And then as an industry, we work our way back towards three tiers of product and premium product that you’re able to sell to, and you do that with the things that we do, which is focused on premium differentiation, whether that’s in energy efficiency, whether that’s in controls, whether that’s in alternative energy like our SunSource. And so we’re confident that the compression that we’ve seen this year on mix, we’ll be able to move it back out.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then, final one from me on the components, I guess I’m surprised that the components cost was a surprise to you, because I would have thought that you would expect that the component suppliers to be passing this on. And so, that would have been embedded in the cost at win that you had articulated before. So I mean if you could provide any color on that, what really surprised you there?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think what surprised us is we’ve done a good job over the last few years as we’ve aggressively moved components to Asia to offset factors cost pressures that our domestic suppliers had felt given the steep inflation curve that we saw in commodities over the last year in its level to a six months, but over the last year, we were no longer able to hold that off to some of our key suppliers and it sort of worked it’s way through in second quarter.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: So it’s really a lag for some – lag coming from some of the newer suppliers that you brought on?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think that’s fair, I think it was the ability to sort of outrun it by changing suppliers became more challenging over time.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keith Hughes, SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Thank you. I’ve a couple of questions. You’d mentioned on the mix that it really came to hit you in June; to really understand why it would have hit you in June and not in the month leading after that? Can you go over that again please?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yeah, I mean, good question, obviously. What we saw was, dealers thought they were going to be able to do what we thought we were going to be able to do, which is to sell the similar mix and system sales that we’ve done in the past. And so leading up to the summer selling season, dealers are buying, loading their shops, doing some replacements, but sort of the big selling season in June is when you really start to see the sell through the dealers and when the dealers start to reload from us. And what we saw from them was the dynamics that I’m talking about, so in essence they reach back to us and said, you know, we don’t right now need anymore premium furnaces, what we need is more R22 or more 13 SEER entry level condensing units. And so we didn’t really see the sell through effect until June. And I think that’s consistent with what we’ve said Keith, where we said, you know, look, we were surprised by the mix but when we’re asked on the last call about R22 and tax credit, I think, at least I think I always try to characterize the answer was, talk to me in July, I have a better perspective after we see the season starting in the sell through effect. Unfortunately, I have a better perspective and it’s not a good one.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson:
 :
Todd M. Bluedorn: Absolutely.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson:
 :
Todd M. Bluedorn: It’s not so much different, but I think the issue is the ability to system sell, that when you sell the 410A you’re going to sell the coil, you’re going to sell the refrigerant line, you’re going to sort of upgrade the entire system. And then, if you have a tax credit, you’re able to tie in the furnace and have a $5,000 to $10,000 ticket rather than just replacing an R22 condensing unit for a couple of thousand dollars.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: How much are dry ship of your business now?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We said on the script for our air-conditioning business in second quarter, it was about 17% of our revenue.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Okay.
Todd M. Bluedorn: In revenue or shipments?
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Shipments.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Shipments; 17% of our shipments were dry chart.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Okay and then…
Todd M. Bluedorn: And the vast majority of those went out like by the way.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Final question; you’d said, I think I’ve heard of low single digits in residential, is that for the year or the back half or what numbers that represent?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yeah. I think I’ve said some difference in Bob, and price screwed everything up. The guidance that we’re giving for the industry is up low single digits for resi, and that’s for our full year number.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: For the full year, which would imply, that you’re going to, you solidly positive numbers in the second half, if you’re going to get to close to that?
Todd M. Bluedorn: We’re talking in industry number, so the guidance we gave is always industry. So we’re saying the residential HVAC industry will be up low single-digits in units.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: I mean, you’re down 10 in the first, you’re down 5 in the second. And I know you’re sheltering on distribution, so you haven’t had some of the channel disruptions. It seems that you would have to outpace that number in the second half to get close to it. Is that kind of what you’re pushing this towards?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Well, again, just to be clear, one is a revenue number, one is a unit number, and one is ours and one is the industry. So I think the numbers you’ve quoted were our revenues and the numbers I’m quoting are units for the industry. And I’m sort of making the point that we think the industry is mixed down, and so industry unit shipments are down or, excuse me, we think are going be up low single digits. We think unit shipments over the last rolling 12 months, we’ve lost 0.5 point of share.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Okay. Where do you think your dealers stand in inventory versus the rest of the channel?
Todd M. Bluedorn: When you compare to other people’s dealers?
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: Yeah. Compare that to the independents or the independents over inventory in the channel or where is your view there?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Again, I mean I think about independents is distributors, and I think about our dealers is dealers, right. So the independents are selling to the same dealers that we’re selling to. So I think the dealer, our dealers have some inventory, July is helping. It’s still even with all cross forces I talked about when it’s hard, it helps. And so I think our dealers were cautious in June, and you saw that in our results. And we’re hoping to whether clear some of that out of the way.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. Next question, from the line of Josh Pokrzywinski of MKM Partners. Please go ahead.
Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC: Hi, good morning guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Hi, Josh.
Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC: Just want to focus here on furnace, particularly in the fourth quarter coming up, I know that that was kind of a buy ahead or pull forward quarter for you guys last year. And it seems like a lot of these issues around R22 really coming to release in the air side of the business. I mean I guess help us with what kind of order of magnitude we could expect there, any numbers you can put around, what the mix of high efficiency furnace was last year or what kind of mix implications we should expect kind of given this new reality around R22 in lower furnace demand?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think the thing I would talk about is what we’ve consistently said was that we had some pull forward last year of units from first quarter into December as we eliminated tax credit. And the number we referred to was, our unit shipments were up 30% in December of last year, and I think a big piece of that was sort of the pull forward into the month of December. I think sort of the offset we’re going to have around all the pressures that I talked about in the industry is our – having a full furnace product line as we go into the selling season, I think that’s going to be important for us, and we are going to be focused on leveraging the new product that we have in the marketplace.
Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC:
,:
Todd M. Bluedorn: I think it’s what I said earlier, I understand the question, but I think it’s what I said earlier which is, this industry has done a good job where when you have a reset from an external shock that the industry has had thrown on it like this that the industry is able to find a way to continue to differentiate product and tier the product in the marketplace. And so, we are working on making that happen. I mean I also think, and again, I don’t know of what next year will bring, but I think overhanging all this is a macroeconomic situation that is not beneficial either to overall volume or to mix up. So I think as we head into next year, we’ll be in a certainly a better position than we are at this year to continue to tier the brand.
Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC: Okay. And then just one more if I may; on the SG&A reductions, how much of that fell into the second quarter versus into the back half?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I’m turning to Bob. I think the majority of it’s during the second half of the year.
Robert W. Hau: We actually ended up the first half of the year down slightly from prior year. So we’ll expect to actually hold that above consistent across the full year.
Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC: Okay. So I guess on that with the higher inflation expectations and lower SG&A that the net is wash and may be modest positive. So we should look at kind of the underlying results from the second half is being more indicative of leveraging mix than of inflation?
Todd M. Bluedorn: If I understood the question, yes. And so, I think the balance of the year is, if I understood the question right, is more about volume and mix issues that we talked about.
Joshua Pokrzywinski – MKM Partners LLC: Got you. Okay. Thanks guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeff Hammond, KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey guys. Just a couple of follow-ups here. Can you just talk about, I know you had the warranty comp, but why would margins be down in the commercial business if you’re kind of matching price versus cost and mix was favorable?
Robert W. Hau: In the commercial price that didn’t match cost exactly given the ramp up of the price increases I’ve mentioned is slightly more weighted to the second half of the year really into both our commercial and our Refrigeration segment. And so commodities both impact to raws and components was slightly larger than our price benefit, and then the warranty headwind in that, it was less favorable if we take an annual warranty adjustment.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Right.
Robert W. Hau: …in the quarter, and it was less favorable than last year.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And that was about $1.5 million last year, and what would it have been this year?
Robert W. Hau: It was a net decrease of benefit of a million bucks.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay.
Todd M. Bluedorn: For commercial.
Robert W. Hau: For commercial.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And what about volume leverage? That got eaten up by commodities?
Robert W. Hau: Correct.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then refrigeration, certainly some noise there with Kysor/Warren. If we look at the back half, should we kind of build the model with same where you’re getting underlying margin improvement in the base offset by bringing Kysor/Warren in a lower margin?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then how should we think about corporate spends in share count for the year?
Robert W. Hau: For the year, we’ve got corporate expenses now forecasted full year basis of about $60 million, that’s down from the prior guidance of $70 million. And then share count we expect to end the year at 54 million shares.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And why isn’t that moving more based on the share repurchase?
Robert W. Hau: That’s an overall weighted average for the year.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: The 54 million is weighted average not ending.
Robert W. Hau: That’s correct.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then finally, how do the demand dynamics and maybe the mix dynamics impact; one, your distribution rollout and store rollout; and two, how you think about production in Mexico versus other facilities?
Todd M. Bluedorn: On the distribution strategy, we’ve slowed it down. So the number of Parts Plus stores that we’re opening for the balance of the year, we’ve slowed that down. In fact, we aren’t going to be opening any, which right now are sort of froze in the opening of Parts Plus stores, they’re doing well. We’re up year-over-year in the stores, but they are an investment in the business that we’re putting on hold until we get to the other side of this you know the troubled waters that we saw in second quarter. Still like the investment, still think it’s the right strategy, but as we said based on market conditions we would slow it down and we’ve done that. On Mexico, we continue to look to get as much volume into that factory as quick as we can. Again as we grow our Allied business, as we grow our value tier business making sure our cost serves competitive as possible is going to, is critical, will continue to be critical, so we look to get as much volume in the Mexico as we can.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. (Operator Instructions) Next question comes from the line of Robert Barry, UBS. Please go ahead.
Robert Barry – UBS: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Hi, Rob. How are you?
Robert W. Hau: Hi, Robert.
Robert Barry – UBS: Quick follow-up on the commodities. Whenever the business is growing, are you getting a rebate from your suppliers, and is the opposite happening now, is that adding pressure there?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I mean that’s some of it, but we – and again our buckets may be get a little fuzzy but we tie rebates into a different category which is the $25 million to $30 million of material cost reduction. When we’re talking about commodity, 60 to 65 (inaudible) rise or its component pricing is high to either contractual language that we have to raise the supplier raises or prices does because their commodities went up or a price increase that’s tied to their commodity cost going up.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay. And I just wanted to get a better sense of what your outlook is for the second half in residential. If you took a pretty significant hit with the guidance, but I’m trying to get a feel for how conservative you’re being, so to the extent you can share some of the assumptions about what the outlook is in the second half for volume, pricing and mix, a little bit more explicitly, is there any kind of color you can give us to help us get a sense of how conservative you’re being around the revised outlook especially as it relates to resi, that would be very helpful.
Todd M. Bluedorn: No, I’m not going to get into, maybe into the low level details as you would like. I think high level what we did was to say, look, we saw a mix in July and more broadly the first half of the year as it mix down the impact of the tax credit, the impacts of R22, the impact of our ability to system sell, offsetting that is the growth in our allied business, offsetting that is having a stronger furnace product line in the heating season in fourth quarter, sort of rolled all that together into our guidance. It was an attempt to sort of throw down the year. It was just a reflection on what we’ve seen in the market year-to-date, what we’ve seen in the selling season, what our customers are telling us and that sort of what we’ve rolled into our guidance for the balance of the year.
Robert Barry – UBS: I mean, how conservative do you feel you’re being, do you feel like you’re really ahead of this now or?
Todd M. Bluedorn: I mean, I’m going to give you the tax booking.
Robert Barry – UBS: I know that’s a hard question to answer. It would be easier…
Todd M. Bluedorn: Let me give you the text book answer, I’m going to give you the answer to that, that’s actually true, which is I didn’t try and put Kentucky (inaudible) is one way or another, I didn’t try and put the limbo bar, so I could step over it. This is our best guess of where we think it is. Now, the range that we have is wider than you would normally see half way through the year for us, and that reflects some of the uncertainties that we have quite frankly and sort of goes to your question, but I mean, we’re giving your best shot on reality as we see it, not sort of a limbo bar.
Robert Barry – UBS: I think there was a comment about, and I might have missed it, a mixed 50% decremental or $75 million hit on resi, could you kind of revisit what that was?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yeah. What Bob was doing was going through sort of a level wrap to get everybody to the drop in our guidance right. And so what he said was, if he sort of take all the revenue guidance that we give a little bit, it says organic revenue, our cost in currency, full year basis we lowered our guidance by five points.
Robert Barry – UBS: Yep.
Todd M. Bluedorn: If you take that five points that’s equivalent to about $150 million of revenue and then when we say when you’re building your models to sort of understand where we dropped our guidance at that $150 million of revenue is going to drop down at $75 million of EBIT, a 50% decremental, which is significantly higher than you’d normally expect from us, and that’s because of the downward mix that we saw in res moving from premium furnaces to R22 drier charge.
Robert Barry – UBS: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just a last question, I mean you’d mentioned something in the release about planning to buyback a lot more stock in the second half, and I think $65 million is what you said. How do you square that against freezing the investment in the distribution, you know I thought the distribution was a pretty significant initiative kind of positioning for you, positioning you for the long-term, I’m curious how you square those, weighing those?
Todd M. Bluedorn: Well, around the lot more stock I mean we have been consistent from the beginning of the year that we’re going to offset dilution from our incentive programs and we’re going to do a 100 million of share buyback, and so we are consistent with doing a 100 million of share buyback. I think it’s the first point. Second point is, on our Parts Plus store, still strategically important, we have I’m looking around, make sure I got the right number, 75 stores in place from that strategy, you know we have an initiative in place, velocity for victory, and what we’re doing is all the teams will be focused on starting up new stores and launching new stores, leveraging the share gains with the stores that we have in place. On a year-over-year basis, our revenue in our stores are up 10%, and so we like them and we want to focus on the growth of our existing stores. But like any investment, it sort of a multi year payback, and we want to spend our time right now with our team focused on winning with the stores that we have and let’s see where we are at the end of the year and my guess is, we’re going to start back up on it.
Robert Barry – UBS: So with list of that capital allocation choice or operational focus…
Todd M. Bluedorn: Yes. It’s not a capital – fair enough, I should just start up there. It’s not capital allocation of choice, it’s operationally where do we want to spend our time and focus.
Robert Barry – UBS: Yeah, fair enough. Okay thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Okay. Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Rich Kwas, Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Richard Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Hi, just a follow-up on R22, the 17% number, Todd, do you expect that to stay at that level for the rest of the year or is there some expectation that moderates in the back half. And then I guess following up on my other question was, as you move into next year, do you expect that number to come down meaningfully because you know just tougher to access?
Robert W. Hau: You know for the balance of the year I think we broadly what I said on guidance was we sort of to a large degree layered in first half and the second half at least in terms of market dynamics. So I think the short answer is, we don’t think there will be a meaningful change on second half but we could be surprised. In terms of next year, I think your hypothesis is right. I think overtime as we get closer to the obsolescence of R22, the more that’s going to – the less customers are going to go that way and also just the overall economy. You tell me what the economy is going to be like next year, the more that its incrementally better than it is now, then I think its helps us on the system selling 410A. So it’s sort of, right now, it’s fresh, it’s new, there’s still R22 refrigerant and there’s all kinds of macroeconomic headwinds. Next year, I think reasonable bets are multiple pieces of the headwind sort to get knocked to the side.
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: I mean, I guess I’ll see if we’re stuck in this environment of 2% type GDP growth, it sounds like you would expect the R22 mix to come down, I assume, the next year on a year-to-year basis?
Todd M. Bluedorn: (Inaudible)
Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And back to you, Todd.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Great, thanks. I want to leave you with couple key points, and I’ve said these I think during the script and during the Q&A that, while the residential market is clearly been disappointing near-term and faces volume and mix challenges compared to last year when the government incentives were in place, we’ve reset the bar in our outlook, continued to take cost reduction measures and are engaging a new growth in productivity initiatives. Refrigeration is on track with prior expectations, and we’re raising our outlook on the commercial. backlogs continue to look strong in both of these businesses. The final point is that, we’ll continue to use our balance sheet in a disciplined and balanced way to grow the business, pay a competitive dividend and conduct more than 65 million of share repurchase in the second half of this year. I want to thank everyone for joining us. Have a good day. Thanks.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And that concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive TeleConference Service. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives:   Steve Harrison – Vice President of Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn – Chief Executive Officer & Director Robert W. Hau – Chief Financial Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts :  Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Company  
Operator:
Steve Harrison :  Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International’s financial performance for the third quarter of 2009. I’m here today with Todd Bluedorn, CEO and Bob Hau, CFO. Todd will review key points on the quarter and Bob will take you through the earnings financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning we have included the necessary reconciliation to the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today’s conference call on our corporate website at www.LennoxInternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understanding of our operations we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risks and uncertainties see Lennox International’s publically available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  Before I turn the call over to Todd I would like to announce the date of our annual investment community meeting will be held the morning of December 16th in New York. Please mark your calendars. Invitations and more details will follow. The event will also be webcast. Now, let me turn the call over to CEO Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn : Before I begin I’d like to introduce Bob Hau who is our new CFO here at Lennox. Bob joins us this month after 22 years at Allied Signal and Honeywell, most recently as CFO for Honeywell’s $13 billion revenue aerospace group. Bob is off to a great start and we’re very happy to have him here.
Robert W. Hau : I’m glad to be here and I’m looking forward to working with Todd and the rest of the leadership team here at Lennox. I also look forward to working with you in the investment community and I’ll have a chance to meet many of you in person during upcoming road shows and conferences as well as the analyst day in December.
Todd M. Bluedorn : Let’s turn to the third quarter and look at our operational and financial results. End markets remain difficult in the third quarter as expected but strong execution enabled Lennox to generate a record $118 million in free cash flow, up 18% from a year ago. For the first nine months of the year, free cash flow is up more than 75%. Gross margins increased for the second straight quarter up 170 basis points year-over-year in the third quarter to 29.8%. Gross margin improvement was driven by lower component costs from our global sourcing initiative, savings from manufacturing rationalization and lower commodity costs. The cost reduction actions we have taken over the last year are providing clear benefits and additional restructuring activities are underway as end market conditions remain challenging.  Let’s talk about the residential market. Looking at AHRI data for North America residential, unit shipments in the third quarter were down 9% year-over-year compared to a 13% decline in the second quarter. In replacement business we estimate year-over-year decline in the mid single digits for the industry in the third quarter. Cool weather in July was offset by a relatively warm August and September. Consumers remain cautious in this economic environment.  On the new construction side, the year-over-year rate declines have continued to slow. The National Association of Home Builders estimated single family housing starts to be down 20% year-over-year in the third quarter compared to the 37% year-over-year decline in the second quarter. On a seasonally adjusted basis, single family housing starts are up six out of the last seven months. While we are optimistic that residential new construction has bottomed, we remain cautious due to the expiration at the end of November of the government tax credit up to $8,000 for new home buyers. In commercial, AHRI industry data for North America commercial unitary market shows unit shipments down 30% year-over-year in the third quarter. We saw similar dynamics in the European HVAC market. In refrigeration we saw the rate of decline in refrigeration slow driven by recovery in [inaudible] Asia and some stabilization in the North American market. Looking at our financial results in this market environment, overall revenue was $750 million down 20% in constant currency and down 22% in actual currency. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.72 compared to $1.10 in the record third quarter a year ago. On a GAAP basis earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.59 versus $0.96 in the third quarter last year. Cash generation remains strong as we aggressively manage working capital levels. As a result, cash from operations was $131 million in the third quarter up 12% from a year ago. Free cash flow was $118 million up 18% from a year ago. Working capital changes year-over-year contributed $27 million to cash generation. Through this downturn and especially over the last 18 months we have taken significant steps to lower our cost structure and rationalize our business operations around the world. We are tracking with our previously announced 2009 plan to save approximately $25 million incrementally from restructuring, $20 million from lower commodity costs and another $20 million from global sourcing. In addition we announced this year that we would save $55 million in SG&A versus our prior plans driven by a 12% salary headcount reduction in 2009 on top of the 7% reduction last year and further cuts in discretionary spending. This quarter we are announcing two new restructuring initiatives. First in our commercial business, we are cutting more than 50 positions at our manufacturing facility in Mions France and transferring of production of our rooftop products for the European market to Longvic France.  Second, in our residential business we are relocating the headquarters and operations of our Hearth business in California to Tennessee. The relocation will reduce costs and reduce operating efficiencies by positioning product development and R&D personal closer to our existing fireplace manufacturing operations in Union City Tennessee. Upon completion of these two projects in the first half of 2010 we expect annual savings of about $6 million.  Let’s look at some key points from each of our businesses for the quarter. In our residential business, the anniversary or our mid 2008 price increases has come and gone and we continue to hold on to price which was flat in Q3 with the year ago levels. Looking at our residential new construction business, sales of our Lennox brand products were flat in the third quarter versus the year ago. The down performance in the market reflects the strong position we have with national builders. Seven of the top 10 builders do business with Lennox. As the residential new construction market continues to come back, we are very well positioned. Turning to commercial; despite the weakness in the commercial unitary market in North American and Europe, pricing remained firm and mix was up. Lennox continued to win in the market place on the strength of our energy efficient rooftop systems. We signed four new national accounts in the quarter bringing the total since the start of 2007 to 68 new national accounts.  Regarding government stimulus spending K through 12 schools continue to be a bright spot. Also, in the third quarter we started to see an increase in quoting and booking activity with federal, state and local governments and we expect this to increase in 2010. With the most energy efficient rooftop product line in the industry and a focused sales force to capture these opportunities, we are well positioned to benefit from government stimulus spending. In our refrigeration business we continue to pick up significant market share on the strength of our high efficiency products. Our North American supermarket volume is up 20% in the first nine months of the year. We continue to benefit in supermarkets from Carrier selling its refrigeration business to Hill PHOENIX, one of our major customers earlier this year. We are also gaining significant share in supermarkets in Australia where sales were up in constant currency. In China we saw double digit growth in constant currency in the third quarter. Segment margin was up from third quarter a year ago on strong cost reductions and favorable pricing. Finally, in Service Experts we saw the year-over-year rate of decline slow slightly in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. Although commercial services are weak the residential service and replacement side of this business appears to be showing signs of bottoming. With strong cost cutting, higher technician productivity compared to a year ago segment margins were up in this business also.  Now, let me turn it over to Bob to discuss our financial results in a bit more detail.
Robert W. Hau : Let me provide some additional comments on the business segments for the quarter starting with residential heating and cooling. In the third quarter revenue from our residential heating and cooling segment was $347 million, down 16%. Volume was down 13%, price was flat and mix was down 2% on additional residential new construction business. Currency had a 1% negative impact. Segment profit in the third quarter was $39 million compared to a profit of $55 million a year ago. Segment margin was 11.2% compared to 15.4% in the third quarter of the prior year.  Now, turning to our commercial heating and cooling business. In the third quarter revenue for the commercial business was $154 million, down 39%. Volume was down 40%, product mix was up 3% and price was flat. Currency had a -2% impact. Segment profit was $17 million compared to $14 million in the prior year quarter. Segment margin was 11.1% compared to 16% a year ago. Our European commercial HVAC revenue was down in the high 30% range and the business was essentially breakeven for the quarter. Aggressive restructuring activities continue in Europe as Todd mentioned. In North America commercial HVAC revenue was down in the high 30% range due to the overall new construction slowdown and ongoing weakness in retail.  Moving to our Service Experts business, in the third quarter revenue was $137 million, down 11%. Volume was down 10%, price and mix were flat. Currency had a -1% impact. Segment profit was $8 million compared to $5 million in the prior year quarter and segment margin was 5.7% compared to 2.9% a year ago. This is due to higher technician productivity, lower fuel cost, lower SG&A expenses and the timing of cost savings between quarters in the second half. In our refrigeration segment, revenue in the third quarter was $134 million down 18%. Volume was down 16%, product mix was flat and price was up 1% from the third quarter a year ago. Currency had a -3% impact. In constant currency sales were down in the mid teens in North America, up in Australia and China and down significantly in other international markets. Segment profit was $17 million, flat with $17 million a year ago. Segment margin was 12.6% versus 10.3% in the prior year quarter. The 230 basis point improvement was driven by favorable pricing, lower SG&A expenses and savings from manufacturing rationalization initiatives.  Looking at restructuring charges and other items from our continuing operations in the third quarter, Lennox had net after tax charges of $8.2 million from restructuring activities and $0.8 million from unrealized gains on open futures contracts and other items. These net charges impacted our GAAP EPS from continuing operations by $0.13. In discontinued operations, the company announced plans to exit from five additional unprofitable SEI service centers in the quarter which led to a $2.9 million pre-tax charge in the quarter in discontinued operations. $2.1 million of this was from impairment. The after-tax effect was $2.7 million or $0.05 per share.  Corporate expenses were $13 million in the third quarter down 18% from $16 million a year ago due to lower compensation costs and cuts in discretionary spending. Our full year 2009 corporate expense guidance remains approximately $60 million. Overall, SG&A was down 6% in the third quarter versus the prior year driven by headcount reduction and cuts in discretionary spending. Our cash from operations in the third quarter was $131 million, 12% better than third quarter last year. For the first nine months this year, cash from operations was $213 million, up more than 50% in the same period last year. Capital spending in the third quarter was approximately $13 million versus $16 million a year ago. We now expect 2009 capital spending to be about $65 million versus prior guidance of $75 million. Working capital balances improved on a year-over-year basis by $134 million. Our 12 month average working capital as a percent of trailing 12 month sales was 18.9% compared to 18.2% in the prior year quarter. The quarter end working capital balances as a percent of trailing 12 months sales was 17.7% compared to 17.9% in the prior year quarter.  Now, looking at liquidity; cash and short term investments were $102 million at the end of September. Our debt to EBITDA ratio was 0.9 and our total debt on the balance sheet was $201 million at the end of the quarter after paying down $119 million. Looking ahead, our long term debt to EBITDA guidance remains between one and two times and we expect it to be within that range ending 2009. We will continue with a balanced and disciplined approach with the use of our cash including investing in the business, paying competitive dividends, potential share repurchases and potential acquisitions.  Before I turn it over to Q&A I’ll briefly talk about our outlook for the remainder of 2009. Looking at the end market assumptions in residential first, the most recent NAHB estimate has North America single family housing starts down 28% for all of 2009. For the fourth quarter NAHB estimates residential new construction to be up 9% year-over-year. With seasonally adjusted single family housing starts up six of the last seven months we are more optimistic that the bottom of the residential new construction market has been reached.  Our best estimate for the replacement market is down mid single digits for the full year. There continues to be uncertainty around the replacement market and around key drivers like consumer confidence, consumer financing and of course weather is always a variable. For the residential market we expect it to decline in the low teens for all of 2009.  In commercial HVAC we continue to see very soft end markets. We now expect the North American unitary market to be down in the high 20% range for the year versus our prior expectation of down in the mid 20% range. We now expect the markets we serve in Europe to be down in the mid 30% range versus prior expectations to be down in the low 30% range. In refrigeration North America continues to be soft while international markets have weakened further excluding Australia and China. We expect China to be up in 2009.  As Todd previously discussed, we are on track with our restructuring, commodity, global sourcing and SG&A cost savings guidance for 2009. Based on results today and market conditions expected through 2009 we are narrowing our revenue and adjusted EPS guidance. We expect revenue to be down approximately 19% for the full year including two point impact from foreign exchange. We expect adjusted EPS from continuing operations to be $1.65 to $1.70 for all of 2009. Our adjusted EPS from continuing operations for the first nine months of the year is $1.19.  GAAP EPS from continuing operations for 2009 is now expected to be $1.31 to $1.36 on the narrower guidance range and additional restructuring charges. Our fully diluted weighted average share count assumption is 56 to 57 million shares for the full year and our tax rate on income from continuing operations is expected to be 36% to 37% for the year. We now expect capital spending to be $65 million for 2009.  With that, let’s go to Q&A.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Todd, you announced some additional restructuring here and if you could just walk through what you’re calling for, for incremental restructuring savings in 2010 from the actions you’ve already announced?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I think the pieces that we’ve been clear about so far Jeff for 2010 is the global sourcing initiative. We’ve talked about we think that’s a 5% savings and so somewhere between $30 to $40 incremental in material cost reduction in 2010. On the restructuring charges, I’m not sure we’ve added all that up and sort of given clear guidance on what pieces are going to be in 2010. I think the piece we announced today at least right now we’re talking about being $6 million annualized and it will be implemented during the first half of 2010. We’re together in December, we’ll layout a detailed roadmap on how all that breaks out.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Then refrigeration certainly impressive results on the bottom line and certainly a little bit better on the top. It sounds like the color that you gave that the benefits that you got on the bottom line are sustainable but I just want to ask are there any aberrations or onetime benefit that would suggest that that is not a sustainable run rate?
Todd M. Bluedorn : No. I mean, it’s the things that we talked about so there’s no one timers if that’s the question. It’s we’re winning in the market place and outperforming the market. The team has done a very good job on SG&A, we got price in the quarter and then we use words like manufacturing rationalization initiatives to a large decree that’s the closure of Danville and we talked about that being a $7 million annual run rate savings and a vast majority of those savings started to kick in, in 2009. So, it’s restructuring our footprint and taking costs out.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Finally, I appreciate the comments on national accounts and what you guys continue to accomplish there on the commercial side and I think you commented on share gains in res ne construction but can you just reconcile your results res kind of down mid teens versus AHRI down 9% and the AHRI like commercial is kind of running down 30%. You guys seem to run closer to down 40%, can you just kind of talk about share and maybe some of the moving pieces of your results versus some of the market data.
Todd M. Bluedorn : If you look at our residential segment and as you know Jeff that includes our hearth businesses, our fireplace business as well as what we call our ADP coil business and both those businesses are 70% to 80% new construction so those were down more than our core HVAC business. If you just look at our core residential HVAC business we were down 10%ish or so in volume for the quarter so very much in line with the AHRI numbers of 9%.  On the commercial business, our volume was down 40% for the quarter and that’s one the market is down 30%. The other reason we’re down more than the market is just some timing of some major national accounts and sort of in essence last year we shipped them during the second half of the year and this year we shipped a lot of the volume during the first half of the year. I think if you go back the first half of the year we significantly outperformed the market. For a full year we will outperform the market but not quite as much as we did during the first half.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Just on commercial, is there any visibility here as to the pipeline of stuff that’s going on out there?
Todd M. Bluedorn : The short answer is no. Longer answer is when we talk to our major national accounts the further out you get in the planning cycle the more optimistic they are and so you hear some confidence about 2010 when you look at the more in close business either from our national accounts or replacement business, the book and ship that you get, markets continue to be soft.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: When you look at the resi business, a big mix benefit in the second quarter a negative this quarter. Can you maybe talk about the dynamics around mix in resi? 
Todd M. Bluedorn : Really what happened on mix in resi is our new construction business was up, at least on the script we talk about being flat year-over-year so we outperformed the market on residential new construction and we make a little bit less on residential new construction than we do on our replacement business. At the same time the growth of our business towards high efficiency, that continued in third quarter. We were about 35% of our air conditioners that we sold during the quarter were 14 [inaudible] and above. I think it’s more a reflection of our mix skewing a bit towards RNC versus replacement for the quarter.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Carrier talked about a little bit of pull forward from the refrigerant change over, anything you saw there?
Todd M. Bluedorn : No, we really didn’t see that and again I think maybe it reflects how we go to market which is as you know, for the vast majority of residential we own our distribution so sort of a pull ahead, at least as I understood their comments probably meant that they pushed out on a last buy to independent distributors R22 product. We don’t have that phenomena so [inaudible] of our distribution in fourth quarter. 
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Just two more kind of quick ones, when you look at those buckets restructuring, commodity costs $25/$20 this year, what were those numbers in the third quarter and what have they been year-to-date if you can just remind us?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I don’t think I’ve given that color. I think the color that I’ve given has been that restructuring was really spread through the year and that commodities given the timing of the hedges and the like was back end loaded and on the material global sourcing initiatives also back end loaded although more split between third and fourth quarter.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Are you concerned about the recent move up in commodity prices and given that you are holding price but you’re not getting additional price is that a concern for 2010?
Todd M. Bluedorn : Clearly it’s a concern when inflation comes back in the business if the markets don’t recover. So, if we wake up in a scenario where commodity costs are up and the markets are still down, I think that will create a drain on margins. I’m optimistic in a belief that says I think markets will recover if commodities are inflating and then I think maybe we’re in a position to get price in the market place. I also said this before that I think a little bit of commodity inflation is good for the industry. It reminds people that doing what we’re doing which is holding our price in the market place is probably a good response when you’re not sure what your input costs are going to do.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: One last quick one, your total inventories were up in the quarter kind of unusual from seasonal perspective, anything going on there?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I think maybe there were two things going on, one was just with the fx rates of some of our international inventory and more specifically in refrigeration and how it was valued quarter-over-quarter and then the other piece which I think will be taken positively is in our residential business you’re starting to see a reloading of some inventory and I think that foreshadows our expectations of what we think the markets are going to be doing.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: And that’s ahead of 2010, they’re doing that now?
Todd M. Bluedorn : That’s on behalf of fourth quarter and as we go in to 2010.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley: My question is basically on the stimulus that’s going on at the federal level is that driving a new replacement cycle at the educational institutions? In other words, is it more than offsetting potential weakness from budget tightness, is it driving your replacement cycle or is it just offsetting some of the weakness that would have been there?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I understand the question, it’s hard to tell the difference between the two quite frankly. We see that as one of the few markets that continues to hold up in the current environment and we’ve made some changes in our sales force in addition to obviously the product line that we have so we are focused on that market place. It’s hard for me to say if they didn’t have the money what they would do or not do.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley: I guess maybe a different way of asking it and I’m not sure if you’d know this level of detail but when you go out in to the business you’re winning related to stimulus is it units that wouldn’t have normally been replace because they didn’t need to come out anyway?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I’ll talk to sales, I think quite frankly it’s probably a combination of both which is we like when we sell up the higher efficiency product and the government stimulus money does that and then I’m sure there are breakeven economics or close to breakeven economics that sort of kick in to the positive when they know that the federal government is going to be picking up the bill.
Robert Wertheimer – Morgan Stanley: Can you talk a little bit just about the timeline of that end of the business, the bidding and the quoting, whether it’s accelerating still and whether schools and educational institutions have really started to take full advantage of it?
Todd M. Bluedorn : The school market is very seasonal in nature obviously which is the business is done in the summer time so you have lots of dialog and conversations with folks but then you actually do the work during a reasonably narrow period of the year. I think the bidding activity continues to bubble along in that market and more interest activity but I don’t see any spikes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: As you were talking about residential you quoted some NAHB predictions. Do you believe that the fourth quarter will see the industry up year-over-year in residential HVAC?
Todd M. Bluedorn : For the overall residential HVAC?
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yes.
Todd M. Bluedorn : I don’t think so. I think if you take our math of up 9% I think is what we quoted on NAHB and then we said down mid single digits on replacement, I think if you take the weighted average the market is still down.
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Within residential you had talked about the Lennox brand being flat – 
Todd M. Bluedorn : [Inaudible]
Keith Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Second question, if you look within the hearth business and the non Lennox branded, are they performing substantially worse than that?
Todd M. Bluedorn : Yes because the way to think about them at least as a proxy is what housing is doing year-over-year and so even though sequentially we’re seeing good moves, third quarter was still down 20% plus in new housing and first half of the year was down 50%. That’s sort of the way I would think about those businesses.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Company.
Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Company: Given the restructurings and cost initiatives you guys have been making do you guys have any revised figures on some of the margin goals for your various businesses over the longer term or in a more ideal operating environment?
Todd M. Bluedorn : Yes and we’ll clean that up when we’re together in December. The answer is we do and we’re working through it and directionally it is what you are suggesting which is the last time I talked about this last December we said 10% EBIT [inaudible] at a $4 billion revenue level and given all the work we’ve done getting a 10% is going to be at a lower revenue level and we’ll sort of clean all that up and give guidance in December for on a long term basis. 
Glenn Wortman – Sidoti & Company: It did sound like you have some tough comparisons maybe on the replacement side of the business, if I’m mistaken please correct me. Can you just give us what the number was year-over-year?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I think it was less tough comparisons on replacement. I think the tough comparisons was the timing of national account deliveries, that several of our major national accounts just the timing of when they wanted the deliveries, and we knew this coming in to the year, was different this year than last year. Last year was skewed towards the second half of the year, this year was skewed towards the first half of the year so if you look at some of those customers the comps become more difficult and some of them were some of our largest customers. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Just a couple clean up items here, I think you’re affirming your corporate expense spend of $60 million which would imply $18 million in the fourth quarter. Is there something sizeable that comes in the fourth quarter or is there some downside risk to there? And then, the same on cap ex I think $65 million cap ex would imply a $30 million cap ex quarter in 4Q.
Robert W. Hau : First on the cap ex, if you recall on the second quarter call we had back in July we talked about $75 million because we had released quite a few projects and the timing of getting those projects done in house has slid a little bit in to the fourth quarter and actually a little bit in to next year so we took our guidance down about $10 million but we do believe the $65 million given what we have in the pipeline right now. And, the first part of your question?
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Corporate expense?
Todd M. Bluedorn : The answer on corporate expense Jeff is in the fourth quarter there is that sort of catch all for accruals and sort of true ups for the end of the year. That’s our best guess of where we think the numbers are going to be. If your question is do we think there’s downside risk there, I don’t think so. I think we’re going to be reasonably close to that number.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: It looks like in Service Experts you closed some additional branches, underperforming branches, is that process still ongoing or are you kind of getting through that analysis of those sites that maybe don’t make sense in the portfolio?
Todd M. Bluedorn : I think we’re closer to the end than the beginning. I think the other thing obviously that’s going to help us is the markets appear to have bottomed or are close to the bottom and will recover in 2010 and so I think that helps. But, I wouldn’t expect a whole lot more of that, if any.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Then just finally, if we take commodity costs as they stand today copper, steel, aluminum, do you think commodities are kind of neutral next year, a headwind, tailwind? 
Todd M. Bluedorn : You’re going to try and get guidance out of me for 2010. I think the thing that you can start to model a little bit on your own is we talk about how we’re hedged 50% on copper 12 months out and I think the actual number is we’re close to 40% hedged copper right now. I think the actual number 38% for 2010. So, you can start to figure what that means and when the hedges went in and make your own assumptions, the spot price on copper today is $2.85 or whatever it is today.  I think the way to think about steel is we buy it at a discount to what the CRU pricing is which is an industry standard and we buy it pricing a quarter in arrears if you will so whatever the CRU was during the prior quarter then we get a discount that we’ve negotiated off that depending on our different grades of steel. I think you can start to lay out what’s happening with steel, what has happened with steel, what you think will happen with steel, how you lay copper in and draw some conclusions. I spent a lot of words and didn’t answer your questions.
Jeffrey Hammond – KeyBanc Capital Markets: I guess final question, you mentioned I think being below your net debt to EBITDA target of one to two but you thought by year end you’d kind of be back within that band so maybe just walk me through priorities on cash flow? I’m assuming you’ll generate a nice chunk in the fourth quarter?
Todd M. Bluedorn : Well, I think it continues to be the things that we’ve talked about which is investing in the business and we talked a little bit about how we saw from second to third quarter residential inventory go up which is unusual for the business which indicates the business is starting to grow or we think it is going to grow and so inventories are starting to be reinflated. I think we’ll see some of that. Then, as always the focus on investment in the business on the cap ex side and then finally giving money back to the shareholders. As you know, we have an open authorization on the share buyback and Bob used his word and parsed the phrase correctly which is we’ll opportunistically do share buy backs as it makes sense.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Just a follow up on the resi side, at what point do you think we will start to see the distributors behavior next year or the end market channel begin to fill up a little bit more to get an idea of how consumers are feeling on HVAC versus next year? I mean do you think we’ll have to wait until May like we did this year or do you think people are going to look out and project a little bit better demand and start to stock a little bit earlier? What are your guys in the channel telling you?
Todd M. Bluedorn : Again Steve we’re a little bit different than the others which is we own our distributors. So, I think the numbers I gave you on inventory indicate where we’re placing our bets a little bit on what we think the resi markets are going to do. But, at the end of the day though we don’t realize a sale until we sell it to a dealer and a dealer doesn’t buy it until, in most cases, until he sells it to a end use customer or consumer. So, I think you really don’t know what the residential market is going to do until you get to the May/June time period.
Stephen Tusa – JP Morgan: Then Robert maybe you can just talk about your initial impressions and what you’re most excited about there, what your plans are to improve things at Lennox?
Robert W. Hau : I’m in the middle of week three here and impressions are good. Lots of due diligence coming in and I though highly of what I was walking in to when I did walk in the door and those assumptions have been proven out. It’s a great company, terrific cost control over the last 12 to 18 months in very difficult markets and I’m looking forward to those markets starting to come back.
Operator:  There are no further questions, if you have any closing comments?
Todd M. Bluedorn : End markets remain difficult in the third quarter but cash generation remains strong. While the commercial market continues to look soft, the rate of decline in the residential and refrigeration markets has been slowing. While we continue to realize the benefits from our previously announced cost savings initiatives, additional restructuring initiatives are underway for further savings. We continue to focus on strong execution through this downturn and continue to position the company for strong earnings leverage as end markets recover. I want to thank everyone for their interest in joining us on the call. Thanks.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today. Thank you very much for your participation and for using the AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-05 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Q4 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Steve Harrison: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year 2008. I am here today with Todd Bluedorn, our CEO, and Sue Carter, our CFO. Todd will review highlights for the quarter and year and Sue will take you through the company's financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. For information concerning these risk and uncertainties see Lennox Internationals publicly available filings with the SEC. Lennox disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Now let me turn the call over to CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn: Thanks Steve. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. 2008 was year of strong operational execution by Lennox in a market environment of unprecedented challenges. On the market side, it was the third straight year of double-digit declines in residential as new construction dropped due to historic lows and replacement market softened. We also start a commercial and refrigeration market soften significantly during second half of the year. Against this back drop Lennox executed on significant manufacturing rationalization, and cost reduction initiatives throughout 2008. Looking first at our manufacturing; we opened and ramped up our new low cost factory in Mexico. We concluded a consolidation on our hearth business with the closure of Lynwood, California facility and a transfer of manufacturing to our Union City, Tennessee facility. We executed on the consolidation of our Danville, Illinois refrigeration manufacturing into our Tifton, Georgia operations. We are consolidating manufacturing and other operations for both HVAC and refrigeration in Europe. And we continue with the move of our Australian refrigeration production to China. In December we also announced plans to exit seven unprofitable service centers in our Service Experts business. Looking at expense reductions, we reduced salaried headcount by 7%, SG&A was down 7% at constant currency and corporate expenses where lower by 37%. Reflected in our 2008 financial results is the market weakness with offsets from our manufacturing consolidations and cost reduction initiatives. Lennox was also able to improve product mix and pricing overall for 2008. For the full year, total company revenue was $35 billion; down 7%. At constant currency revenue was down 8%. Adjusted EBIT was $265 million was down 5%, adjusted EBIT margin was up 10 basis point to 7.6%. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $2.71 for the full year, up 8% from year ago. Cash generation for the year was strong. Cash from operations was a 183 million, capital spending was 62 million; free cash flow was a 121 million for the year which at 99% of net income was inline with our business model goal for free cash flow to be the same levels net income. The company returned 344 million to shareholders in 2008; to share repurchases of $331 million and dividend payments of approximately $33 million. Lennox has $285 million remaining on an existing $300 million share repurchase program. The program has no set end date and is available to be used on an opportunistic basis. Our balance sheet remained strong with debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.3, well within our target range of 1 to 2. We are well positioned with our balance sheet to sustain and enhance our premium position. Now turning to the fourth quarter results. Revenues for Lennox were 746 million down 15% or down 10% at constant currency. Adjusted EBIT margin was up 20 basis points to 6.7%. Adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.52, down from $0.55 in the year ago quarter. On a GAAP basis earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.21, down from $0.59 in the year ago quarter, on an impairment of equity investment and the warranty program gain in the fourth quarter last year. Despite a difficult environment in 2008, and our strong focus on cost reduction rationalizing operations, Lennox continue to make transformational investments and innovate. In residential Lennox continue to enhance its premium position in the market. Our mix of Lennox High Efficiency products of 14 SEER and above grew more than 10 points from the fourth quarter a year ago. Also in 2008 we announced an innovative product called SunSource, the industry's first integrated solar assisted residential heating and cooling system. SunSource begins production this month and is on track for shipments to distributors in the first quarter of 2009. In our refrigeration business we introduced a new line of refrigeration condensing units incorporating all-aluminum microchannel heat exchanger technology. This technology enables us to reduce refrigerant quantity by 70% compared to conventional heat exchangers in the industry. The heat exchanger also uses 40% less material and weighs 40% less, with this and other key Lennox Technologies we're able to reduce overall system energy consumption by 30 to 35%. In North America commercial, we're put in place 11 regional distribution centers over the last few years. This is paying off for Lennox; as even in a very difficult commercial market our replacement sales grew in 2008 over the prior year. Our Strategos product line continues to win in the market place as the most energy efficient rooftop in the industry. With energy efficiency ratings up to 60% higher than BOE minimum efficiency standards. Strategos has been the driving force in Lennox winning 26 new national accounts last year, and 54 national accounts over the last two years. Major customers like Wal-Mart appreciate the high energy efficiency and the low total cost of ownership. In fact we were selected to participate with Wal-Mart on a congressional briefing panel on Green Jobs a few days ago. Lennox presented real world information on how green products like Strategos, can provide both sustainability and business solutions by saving energy and lowering operating costs. Speaking of the government 11 months from now there are two key environmental mandates to take effect. First there's a national energy efficiency standard for commercial units that on average is 10% higher than what exists today. With more then 60% of our commercial business already high efficiency products, Lennox is well positioned for this transition. Second is the mandatory conversion from R22 to R410A refrigerant. We sell more R410A rooftops than anyone in the market place and are well prepared for this transition also. Like in the 13 SEER conversion of residential couple of years ago, there will be winners and winners, winners and losers. Lennox was a winner then and I like our position now. One last point, there is lots of talking in Washington regarding government incentives for the conversion of certain buildings like schools and hospitals to high energy efficient HVAC systems. Lennox commercial is well positioned with its high energy efficient product line and a sales force focused on capturing such incremental opportunities in the market. Looking ahead to 2009, on the operations front, we're moving fore with our multi-year transformation of our North America residential distribution network, that we expect we will reduce logistics cost by 200 basis points when fully in place. We will also improve our sales capability in replacement market with same day-next day service level up from 35% to 85%. On the manufacturing front, we just announced yesterday that we will begin the transfer of production from our Blackville, South Carolina facility to our Orangeburg, South Carolina and Mexico facilities. The transition will take place in phases, starting this year and is expected to be completed within two years. We expect annual savings of $5 million beginning in 2011. As you would expect we continue to review and accelerate plans to rationalize operations across the company and we will update you as we go along. Looking at our financial guidance for 2009 that we provided on our Analyst Day in mid-December our revenue range remains down 8 to 12%, which includes five points of negative foreign exchange impact. We reaffirm our adjusted EPS from continuing operations up $2.10 to $2.50. GAAP EPS from continuing operations is now expected to be $1.91 to $2.31; which includes an expected $12 million additional restructuring chargers for the Blackville facility closure. We expect end markets to remain challenging in 2009. We expect the North America residential and commercial markets we serve to be down in the high single digits to low double digits. We expect both HVAC and refrigeration in Europe to be down in low double digits. We're facing a specially difficult first half comparison this year due to the softness in end markets. Also as I talked about in December for all 2009, we expect 20 million in savings from lower commodity prices and 20 million in savings from our global sourcing initiatives. That being said the commodity savings will be weighted more to the second half of the year as new agreements fully flow through and higher priced hedges roll off. Likewise the timing of the savings from our global sourcing initiatives will be weighted more to the second half of the year, as we continue the implementation of cost reduction plans. Lennox will continue to focus on operational excellence during these challenging market conditions. We will continue to reduce cost, enhance our competitive position and execute on our strategic initiatives. Looking out when market conditions do start to recover, the company will be lean and well positioned with significant upside leverage in the model. Now I'll turn it over to Sue.
Susan K. Carter: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I'll provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with residential heating and cooling. In the fourth quarter revenue from our residential heating and cooling business was $299 million down 15%. While volume was down 22%, price was up 3% and mix improved 5%. Currency had a 2% negative impact. The volume decline compared to a year ago was driven by a significant drop in new construction and software replacement business, as consumers remained cautious in the economic environment. Segment profit was $27 million, down 12% with a margin of 9.1% up 30 basis points from the fourth quarter a year ago. For the full year sales on the residential segment were $1.5 billion, down 11% with and without currency impact. Volume was down 16%, mix was up 4% and price with up 2%. Segment profit was $146 million down 16%, with a margin of 9.8% down 60 basis points. As Todd mentioned the business continues to improve factory efficiencies and further reduces cost structure as 2009 looks to be the four straight year of a down market in residential. Turning to our commercial heating and cooling business; in the fourth quarter revenue for the commercial business was $189 million down 16%, volume was down 17%, product mix was up 2% and price with up 3%. Currency had a negative 5% impact. Segment profit was $20 million down 17% with a margin of 10.6%, down 30 basis points from the fourth quarter a year ago. Our U.S. commercial HVAC revenue was down mid-single digits at constant currency and the business was in a slight loss position for the quarter. Aggressive restructuring activities continue in Europe. In North America commercial HVAC volume was down due to the overall construction slowdown and general market softness. For the full year sales in the commercial segment were $835 million, down 5%. Volume was down 9%, mix was down 1% and price was up 3%. Currency had a 2% favorable impact. Segment profit was $93 million, down 8% with a margin of 11.2% down 30 basis points. Moving to our Service and Experts business; in the fourth quarter revenue was $145 million down 13%, volume was down 8% and price and mix were flat. Currency had a 5% negative impact. The volume decline compared to a year ago was driven by a decline in new construction and softer replacement business. Segment profit was $8 million, up 11% with a margin of 5.3%. Margin was up 110 basis points versus the fourth quarter a year ago, primarily on a full year true (ph) up actually of actuarial estimates for workers compensation expense, reflecting year-over-year improvement in safety performance and a 10% reduction in overall headcount. An improved service mix and lower fuel cost further contributed to margin improvement in quarter. Our company also announced plans that exit from seven unprofitable service centers in the quarter, now discontinued operations. For the full year revenue in Service Experts was $627 million, down 6% with and without currency effects. Volume was down 6% and price and mix were flat. Segment profit was $20 million, down 23% with a margin of 3.2% down 70 basis points. In our refrigeration segment revenue in the fourth quarter was $131 million, down 17%; volume was down 7%, product mix was flat and price was up 3%. Currency had a negative 13% impact. Sales were down single digits in North America and South-East Asia including China and down double digit in other international markets. Segment profit was $11 million down 24% with a margin of 8.6% down 90 basis points from the fourth quarter a year ago. As Todd mentioned, manufacturing rationalization is currently underway with the moves from Australia to China and consolidation in Europe. For the full year sales in the refrigeration segment were $618 million, up 2%. Volume was down 3%, mix was flat and price was up 2%. Currency has a 3% favorable impact. Segment profit was $60 million down 2%, with a margin of 9.7% down 40 basis points. Looking at restructuring charges and other items from our continuing operations in the fourth quarter; Lennox had a net after-tax charges of $17.4 million from restructuring activities, impairment of an equity method investment and unrealized losses on open futures contracts. These charges impacted our GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations by $0.31. As we've been rationalizing our manufacturing operations and headcount over the last year and a half, we've also been benchmarking our benefit plans. Following this review the company revised its vacation policy so that employees earn vacation over the course of each year, instead of a total year grant at year-end for the up coming year. This change resulted in a $9.1 million after-tax benefit to adjusted and GAAP earnings from continuing operations. The adjustment was allocated across the business segments incorporate based on applicable headcount. For the full year Lennox had net after-tax charges of $33.2 million from restructuring activities, impairment and unrealized loses on open futures contracts, that impacted our GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations by $0.56. This is $0.04 higher than our guidance in December, due to additional restructuring. Corporate expenses were $54 million for 2008, down 37% driven by headcount reductions, reduced spending and tight budgetary controls, reductions in performance-based annual and long term incentive plan and increased corporate forfeiture rate associated with our long term programs. For 2009, our corporate expense guidance is $60 million. SG&A was down 6% for the year overall at constant currency, SG&A was down 7%. Our cash provided from operations for the full year was $183 million compared $240 million for 2007, down on lower net income. Capital spending was $62 million in 2008, compared to 70 million in 2007. Free cash flow was $121 million for the full year versus 170 million for the prior year. In the fourth quarter, cash provided by operations was $43 million down from $128 million in the fourth quarter a year ago. Capital spending was $24 million consistent with the year ago quarter. Free cash flow in the quarter was $20 million compared to $104 million in the year ago quarter. Cash generation was down in the quarter due to lower net income on lower sales volumes, reduced working capital improvements on a year-over-year basis, collateral posted for copper hedges and discretionary pension contributions with an offset from the sale of receivables through our asset securitization program. The previously discussed margin color on copper hedges was $38 million based on lower copper prices at the end of the year, this cash effect is a timing difference that reimburses in 2009. Working capital improvements made a year ago in the fourth quarter of 2007 of $105 million were very strong, making our more normalized improvement of $69 million in the fourth quarter of 2008, a tough year-over-year comparison. As we discussed in mid-December we planned additional funding for our defined benefit pension plan of $40 million to $60 million over 2008 and 2009. We funded 20 million of this in 2008 and plan to fund the remaining 20 to 40 million in 2009. Working capital as a percent of trailing 12 month sales for the company was 18.2% compared to 18.3% in the prior period. The quarter end working capital ratio was 16.0% compared to 16.5% at the end of last year. Let's look at liquidity; cash and short term investments were $156 million at the end of December and the current ratio exceeded 1.6; debt to EBITDA was 1.3 at the end of the year. Our total debt on the balance sheet was $420 million at the end of the year. We have a $650 million revolving credit facility in place through the year 2012. We have a $125 million asset securitization facility in place, and utilized $30 million in the fourth quarter at excellent rates as commercial paper moved lower. We also have $32 million of subsidiary a credit facilities in place. In summary Lennox has a strong balance sheet and is well positioned from a liquidity perspective. Before I turn it over to Q&A; I'll briefly talk about our outlook for 2009. As Todd mentioned, we obviously remain cautious on the end markets. We expect the North America residential and commercial markets we serve to be down in the high single digit to low double digit. We expect both HVAC and refrigeration in Europe to be down in the low double digit. Based on these assumptions our revenue guidance for 2009 is to be down 8 to 12% and this assumes five point of negative foreign exchange impact. Our 2009 guidance for adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations remains at $2.10 to $2.50. Our share count assumption is 55 to 56 million shares and our tax rate is expected to be 36 to 37%. Our new GAAP earnings per share range of $1.91 to $2.31 reflects the full year impact of additional restructuring charges announced for the first quarter. For capital spending, we expect that our $80 million in 2009 focused on new product introductions and continuing transformational investment in the business. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And first on the line is Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Hi. Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Jeff. How are you?
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Doing great. Just wanted to dig in on the guidance, great news on change from the December meeting. Obviously there are lot of challenges out in the market place. Can you give us a sense of any bias within the range based on what you are seeing near term either all in or within any of the specific businesses where you might see some upside or down side within some of the specifics?
Todd Bluedorn: I'll give a little bit a color. The markets are tough right now. When our daily sales in December and January at constant currency were down mid-teens, and as you suggested there's lots of moving pieces right now in the economy and in the end markets. Looking at full year we -- as I said during the script, we expect North America residential and commercial markets be down the high single digits to low double-digits. We expect both HVAC and refrigeration Europe, to be down in the low double digits. Now at the same time we continue to realize on a year-over-year basis price and mix and we continue to win in the market place and our commercial business and our refrigeration businesses, with share gains with new products. On the cost side you can see with the Blackville closure, as another example that we're continuing to aggressively take out factory costs, overhead and SG&A in response to the softening markets.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay and then I know 1Q is -- and I think you pointed to a tougher first half but I know 1Q is particularly light from a seasonality standpoint, do you expect to be profitable in the first quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: We don't give quarterly guidance, but I think you've got the gist to what I said during the script, which is both the combination of the markets being extremely difficult, the year-over-year comp on the markets will get easier as the year goes along. Given that the 20 million of material cost reduction and the 20 million of commodities as I suggested are backend loaded, and given the thinness on a normal year of what our profitability is in the first quarter; first quarters is going to be challenging.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. Did you quantify what your commercial replacement business was up in the year? I think you just -- you had stated that it was up for '08?
Todd Bluedorn: We didn't put a percentage on it, we just said on an absolute basis it was up year-over-year and as you know in a unitary (ph) commercial market that was down 10, 11%, all replacement sales were actually up.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then down -- I guess within the context of your commercial guidance, I mean how are you thinking about commercial replacements specifically?
Todd Bluedorn: There is a lot of uncertainty on the commercial market out there as you well know. When we think about our national account business where we have greater visibility, there are winners and losers and luckily for us one of our largest individual customer's is a winner and so we're optimistic about business with him for 2009. On the broader not in national account, not in retail segment it's a challenging marketplace right now. I think our advantage is that, we have traditionally had a lower replacement share than others. That we have been focused on it both with product that we have launched with distribution that we've built and focus on our sales force. So I think there's an opportunity for us in '09 to continue to gain share and replacement as we did in '08. So, even though the market continues to be challenging, we continue to be focused on replacement business.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Let me just ask in another way; have you seen any kind of paradigm shift on the commercial replacement side near term or people are deferring or is that kind of normal course of business?
Todd Bluedorn: Paradigm shift is maybe too dramatic. What we have seen may be is what would expect, which is those retailers who are under the most financial pressure are making short term trade off's. And so we've had some of our national account customers either extend or defer scheduled replacements and so you are clearly seeing some of that in the marketplace, which is what you'd expect to see. At the same time you see other players who are winning in the marketplace and understand the benefits of the P&L savings to them of upgrading to energy efficiency units and hopefully with incentives from the government, we see some of our customers accelerating some of the replacement programs. So it's a mixed bag, but there's clearly pressure -- downward pressure on some of our national account customers who aren't doing well in the market place.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay thanks I'll get back in queue.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks Jeff.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And we'll go to the line of Glenn Worthman (ph) Sidoti, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah, good morning everyone.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Glenn, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Doing pretty good. Can you just talk a little bit more about the potential benefits on the pending infrastructure or stimulus package?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah you know, there's lots of moving pieces in the economy there might even be more moving pieces in any legislation coming out of DC. We think with our product line and or focus on the high end and energy efficiency we're well positioned for legislation that in sense incentivises end use markets like schools, like hospitals that's our product lines. So, we think we're well positioned to take some incremental opportunity if the things are passed.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just on the residential side, do you see a -- just a move down to some of your less expensive perhaps lower margin product as a risk given the tight credit markets and perhaps the cash poor stage of many households?
Todd Bluedorn: The phenomenon that we have been seeing and we've been seeing it for a year and half -- two years in our residential business; other -- as you all know unlike other industries we've been in, this is going to be our fourth year of our market being down double-digits in residential, so we have been here for a while. I mean what we are seeing is several effects, we have seen a move towards repair rather than replacement, as people make cash flow decisions, rather than economic decisions as they horde money and I think that continues. We also have seen a bifurcation of our business which is, we have certainly seen a move from the middle down as customers are cost conscious. At the same time we have seen a move up in our product line and you hear us talk about statistics of percentage of sales that are above 13 SEER, as we see customers who understand the energy efficiency story and wanted to upgrade to those product lines. So we've seen both effects going on in the marketplace right now.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay alright, thank you for your time.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks
Operator: And with, we have do, we've a follow up from Jeff Hammond. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Hi. Just a couple of things that I caught on the call, but I wanted some clarification, Sue could you run through the vacation accrual dynamic again and how that impacted earnings?
Susan Carter: Sure. Sure, what we did is as we went through and rationalized our benefit policies the previous policy on vacation was that as of 12/31 our employees earn their vacation for the upcoming year. So what we've done is we've made a change to that which allows the employees to earn their vacation throughout the year in which we are in. So, the impact of that was a $9.1 million after-tax benefit to the company which was then allocated to all of the business based on the headcount of those businesses. So its in their segment result.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: And that hit all in the fourth quarter?
Susan Carter: It did hit all in the fourth quarter.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And it would be ratably by...?
Susan Carter: Okay so.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: But on the percentage of sales roughly?
Susan Carter: I would say if you looked at the business, the two biggest businesses in terms of headcount for employees are going to be the residential and commercial business and then smaller amounts going to Service Expert and refrigeration. This is U.S. based employees where its applicable and then about 10% of its in corporate.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then as we look to '09 you capture those -- is it just -- you get cost savings from this change or is and its rolled out ratably or what's the impact as we look at '09 from this change?
Susan Carter: I think the impact is that as you look at '09 your employees earn the vacation, so its sort of a pace you go. They earn it as they go through each month. And so really from a cost perspective the only time you are truly going to have in your savings on a go forward basis is if someone leaves the company and you are not having that vacation expense. So it was more of a one time impact because of the 12/31 date and accruing for the full year.
Jeffrey Hammond - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And we have question from line of Judy Marek (ph) with SunTrust, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks this is Judy for KTS (ph) SunTrust.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Judy, how are you?
Unidentified Analyst: Good, thanks. You've done a great job on controlling cost with corporate expense being down over the years. It seems like, the result came in 2008 below your guidance about $60 million and that's your guidance for 2009. Is that kind of the a run rate we should look at or it there a chance for more benefit like we saw this year or it'll be a little below that or flat year-over-year like this year-- like your 2008 result?
Susan Carter: That, I would think about it is thank god (ph), we put the $60 million of guidance out there for 2009 because that's our best estimate of what that cost is going to be. When you look at 2008 and the results, there was obviously the budgetary controls that I talked about, the decreased spending, but there was also the piece that was compensation related with the annual and the long term incentives. As you go into an upcoming year you are going to reload some of those incentives particularly that one time on an annual basis. And that gives you the -- really the increase from the $54 million to the $60 million and so as, we think about it the $60 million is still 30% below what 2007 was, but having said all of that we're obviously always looking at our costs and for opportunities to reduce those costs.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great thank you.
Operator: And we've question from line of Michael Coleman with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Michael.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: The Blackville facility closure, does that change, alter; accelerate your thinking in terms of the savings for the Mexico facility?
Todd Bluedorn: I think what it does Michael, is the savings that I talked about back in December of -- for our Mexico facility are as they are and these are incremental savings in addition to that.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: Yeah. I guess, what I am looking at is would the savings for the Mexico facility though be even greater because of the Blackville savings. That is greater volume leverage that you are going to get from Mexico, relative to what previously might have been expected, with the inclusion of the Blackville volume?
Todd Bluedorn: Right. I understand the question. And again I'll answer it two ways; one is just mathematically for modeling you combine the two that's your savings. Now artificially we have to divide in terms of how we talk about it so yes, part of the 5 million annualized savings that we get from the Blackville closure is driven by the fact that's its going to be produced in Mexico. Yes that is true. But that savings was not in what we gave for guidance for the Mexico factory back in December.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: Okay.
Todd Bluedorn: Let me give you non-financial answer. I think our announcement of Blackville and the movement of the production down to Mexico, underlies an operational truth, which is we have been extremely success in our ramp up and production in our Mexico facility. We started production on our product for sales in third quarter, we are now finishing up our fourth product line move into that facility from our previously announced movement to Mexico. Blackville will continue to put more volume in. As we have talked about the Mexico facility from the beginning, we've always talked about it as, we are doing this not for one or two product lines, this is to build our low cost assembly facility for the North America market and the Blackville announcement I think is just a validation that we're doing extremely well operationally in Mexico.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: Okay, good. So following or post Blackville, how many facilities will you have producing residential equipment?
Todd Bluedorn: Our residential factories in North America at that point of time for the HVAC market will be three; so we'll be going from four facilities to three. We will continue to have Marshalltown, we'll obviously have our Mexican facility and we have a facility in Orangeburg, South Carolina that produces product for our allied businesses.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: And that's a new facility?
Todd Bluedorn: No. That's an existing facility, it was acquired years ago through acquisitions. And as we announced in our Blackville announcement; some other product in Blackville move into at Orangeburg facility and the balance of the product is moving to the Mexico facility.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: Okay. Good. The some source announcement on the product and so forth, I was wondering if you could kind of run through just some basics on that in terms of what the actual cost is to the consumer on a product like that. What the availability in terms of tax credits or rebates, in terms of incentives to the consumer, whether or not that accounts for utilities in there in renewable portfolio standards. Do you have any kind of overview for that?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah, I one is in terms of the tax rebates state-by-state municipality-by-municipality different. And -- point one. Point two is sort of broadly speaking on the economics. About $2000 more on an average system for having the SunSource solar panels, and we think depending on the region it is economically a viable option and so what we found as you would expect, in places like California where the rebates are the greatest, we found we've heard lots of interest in this product. At the same time, SunSource using on the materially changed our resolve. I think SunSource reflects our focus as an industry innovator, our focus on having products that allows us to get the best dealers in the industry who want to be partnered with Lennox, and I think that's really the focus of SunSource.
Michael Coleman - Sterne Agee: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: And with I'll turn the conference over to Todd Bluedorn, please go ahead.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks John. let me sum up Lennox had strong operational execution in 2008 and delivered solid results in the face of challenging and uncertain markets. 2009 end markets will be challenging. But we are focused on continuing to win in the marketplace. Our cost reduction and operational efficiency programs are on track, and we are accelerating activities where possible. All of us at Lennox remain focused on execution in 2009. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your conference for today, thank you for your participation you may now disconnect

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-22 06:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer Susan Carter - Chief Financial Officer Steve Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Jeff Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Curt Woodworth - JP Morgan Keith Hughes - Suntrust Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Q3 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Steve Harrison, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Steve Harrison - Vice President of Investor Relations:  Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International's financial performance for the third quarter of 2008. I am here today with Todd Bluedorn, our CEO, and Sue Carter, our CFO. Todd will review highlights for the quarter and Sue will take you through the company's financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliation of the financial metrics that will be discussed to GAAP measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I'd like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. A list of these risks and uncertainties is included in our recent 10-K filing with the SEC, and includes the impact of higher raw material prices, our ability to implement price increases for our products and services, the impact of unfavorable weather and the possibility that a decline in new construction activity will depress the demand for our products and services. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we express to you today. Before I turn the call over to Todd, I would also like to announce the date of our Annual Investment Community Meeting for analyst and institutional investors. It will be held the morning of December 17 in New York. Invitations in more details will follow. The event will also be webcast. Now let me turn the call over to CEO, Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Steve. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Strong operational execution by Lennox offset market headwinds in the third quarter. The company had strong cash generation and solid earnings performance, including record EPS on both an adjusted and GAAP basis. Total company revenue for the quarter was 974 million, 5% below the prior year. EBIT loss was 10.5%, up 30 basis points. EPS on an adjusted basis was $1.10, up 17%. On a GAAP basis, EPS was $0.96, up 9%. Revenue was impacted by 9% decline in volume. Although volume was down across all our segments in the third quarter, we began to see the benefit of our mid year price increases across every segment. Lennox continues to win in the marketplace with its innovative and high energy efficiency products. Let me give you a few examples. In residential, our Lennox high efficiency products of 14C and above were up about 10 percentage points from year ago to approximately 30% of shipments. We have also announced an innovative product called SunSource, which is the industry’s first integrated solar assisted residential heating and cooling system. This product will be available to the public in the first quarter of 2009. In our commercial business, I am pleased to say that we continue to win major new national accounts. In the first nine months of this year, we have signed up 23 new national accounts. This is on top of the 29 we signed up last year for a total of 52 in less than two years. The energy efficiency gain from our new unitary roof top systems such a Strategos is a major reason for this success that presents a compelling opportunity for these new customers. Like our commercial business, our refrigeration business continues to gain additional shares in the market as well. So far in 2008, we have won significant new business with such customers as Albertsons’s, Harris Teeter, Publix and Tesco Fresh And Easy. Let me now turn to our cost reduction and operational efficiency initiatives. They are all on track. Salary headcount is down 6% from year ago. Corporate expenses are down more than 40% year to date. Overall, SG&A adjusted for FX is down 5% year to date. In the September quarter, we began producing for sale out of our Mexico facility. The ramp up has gone exceedingly well and we are on schedule. We have now completed the transfer of two refrigeration manufacturing lines from our Australian facility to our China facility and our plans are proceeding on schedule there. Regarding our move of refrigeration product lines from Danville to Tipton, we approximately halfway through the move and are on cost and schedule. Among our new rationalization initiatives, we are in the process of closing refrigeration manufacturing facility near Madrid by the end of 2008 and will service the Spanish market from our one remaining facility near Barcelona. In commercial HVAC, we are in a process of optimizing our Northern European structure to reduce costs and increase the focus on our customers. Back office operations are being centralized into one location in the Netherlands while sales and service operations remain close to the customer in each of the respective countries. Total annualized savings from these two new activities is expected to be more than $4 million starting at 2009. Our strategic initiatives to rationalize our operations and manufacturing footprint around the world continues, where possible we are pulling in future activities. Cash generation in the quarter was strong. Cash from operations was 160 million, consistent with the year ago. Free cash flow for the first nine months in the year was $102 million, up $36 million compared to the same period a year ago. Our balance sheet remains strong. Cash and short term investments were $141 million at the end of September. Net debt was $261 million, an $80 million improvement from June. Our debt to EBITDA ratio is 1.2. In today's environment, we like our strong balance sheet and the continued cash generation power of our business. Before I turn it over to Sue, I would like to wrap it up with our thoughts on the remainder of the year. It has been unprecedented times globally. There has been a great deal of uncertainty in the markets. Lennox has executed well within market softening further on a global basis. We are reducing our revenue in EPS guidance for 2008. We are revising our full year revenue growth assumptions from flat to down 2% to a range of down 3 to 5%. We are revising our 2008 full year adjusted earnings per share guidance from $2.85 to $3 to a range of 265 to 275. GAAP EPS is now expected to be 229 to $2.39 versus previous guidance of $2.61 to $2.76. The changing GAAP guidance reflects the full year impacted restructuring charges announced in third quarter. Lennox will continue to focus on operational excellence from these difficult market conditions. Leasing cost, enhancing our competitive position and executing on our strategic initiatives. Now I will turn it over to Sue.
Susan Carter - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Todd. Good morning everyone. I will provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating and Cooling. Revenue from our Residential Heating and Cooling business decreased 9% to $414 million. While our volume was down 16%, price was up 4% and mix improved 3%. The volume declined compared to a year ago was driven by a significant drop in new construction as well as softer replacement business due in part to cooling whether in August and September. Overall for the third quarter cooling degree days were down 11% from last year. Segment profit was $55 million, down $9 million with a margin of 13.4%. This compares to segment profit of $64 million and a margin of 14.0% in the third quarter a year ago. The business continues to improve factory efficiencies and aggressively reduce its cost structure. Turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business; revenue for the commercial business was $251 million, down 1%. Excluding favorable foreign currency revenue would have declined 4%. We realized favorable pricing of 4%, volume was down almost 1% and mix was down 7% on a difficult comparison to the prior year quarter. Segment profit was up 7% to a record $40 million. Segment profit margin was 16.0% versus 14.8% a year ago. Our European business realized very strong sales and profit growth driven primarily by demand in Eastern Europe. Improved pricing and reduced cost benefited the results. In North America volume was down primarily due to continuing new construction push outs into 2009 of national retail accounts. Mix was down as there was a difficult comparison to the third quarter of 2007 when our Strategos systems first began shipping in volume to a major national account. As Todd mentioned, we continued to be successful signing up new national accounts with 52 new customers in 2007 and 2008 so far. Outside of our national accounts business, we achieved good revenue growth over the prior year quarter. Moving to our Service Experts business; sales in the third quarter were $168 million, down 9% with and without the impact of foreign exchange. Segment profit was $5 million or a margin of 2.7% versus $9 million or a margin of 5.0% in the year ago quarter. Volume was down 9% on significantly lower residential business. Further cost reductions and operational efficiency initiatives are ongoing including centralized cost centers and handheld protect machines as well as reduced headcount. In our Refrigeration segment, third quarter sales grew 3% to $163 million. Sales were down 1% when adjusted for favorable foreign currency. Volume was down 4%, mix was flat and price improved 3%. Sales were up in North America and Asia and down in other international markets. Segment profit for the quarter was $17 million down six percent from a year ago. Segment profit margin was 10.3% in the quarter compared to 11.3% a year ago. As Todd mentioned manufacturing rationalization is currently underway with the moves from Australia to China and consolidation in Europe. Restructuring charges in the third quarter were $6.2 million aftertax, and included projects across all business segments. Restructuring charges impacted our GAAP earnings by $0.11. Corporate expenses improved 30% from the year ago quarter, driven primarily by lower compensation expense and overall tight budgetary controls. For 2008, we now expect corporate expenses to be approximately $60 million at the low end of our prior range of 60 to $65 million. Overall SG&A when adjusted for $3 million of unfavorable foreign currency was down 8% over the prior year quarter. Cash provided from operations for the first nine months of 2008 was $139 million, up from $110 million in the same period a year ago. This improvement is primarily due to a reduction in working capital level and the timing of tax payments. Free cash flow was $102 million for the first nine months of 2008 versus 66 million for the same period a year ago. Capital spending was $37 million year to date, including 16 million in the third quarter. Cash provided by operations in the third quarter was $160 million, consistent with $160 million from the third quarter a year ago. Our working capital as a percent of trailing 12 months sales for the company was 18.1%, the same percentage as year ago. However, our quarter-end working capital ratio at 17.9% improved 170 basis points from the third quarter of 2007. Let's talk about liquidity. In addition to the company’s strong cash generation, Lennox has a strong balance sheet. Cash and short term investments were $141 million at the end of September. The current ratio exceeded 1.5 times. Debt to EBITDA was 1.2 times at the end of September. We have $650 million revolving credit facility in place through the year of 2012. In addition, we have $37 million of subsidiary credit facilities and $125 million asset securization line. In summary, Lennox is well positioned and we have not seen any financing effects on the corporation at this time from the global credit crises. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll briefly talk about our outlook for the remainder of 2008. On the residential side, we continue to face a very difficult market environment. NAHB currently estimates North America total housing starts to be down 30% for 2008. Our best estimate for the replacement market is down mid single digits. Assuming the residential market is 70% replacement and 30% residential new constructions, you go to a decline of low double digits for the total residential market. Turning to commercial side, our retail national account business has softened further and we are seeing more push outs. Our non retail business has been solid but we remain cautious for the balance of the year. Overall we see the North America commercial unitary market down in the high single digits for 2008. In refrigeration, we have seen a slowdown in our European business, most notably in Spain and UK and to a lesser extent in France and Germany. As Todd mentioned earlier, given these latest assumptions, we are revising our full year revenue guidance from the range of flat to down 2% to a range of down 3 to 5%. We are also revising our 2008 adjusted earnings per share guidance. We now expect a range of $2.65 to $2.75 versus our prior guidance of $2.85 to $3. This change include the diluted share count assumption for the year of about 59 million shares. We expect a 37% tax rate for the year. Our new GAAP earnings per share range of $2.29 to $2.39 reflect the full year impact of additional restructuring charges announced in the third quarter. Regarding capital spending, we are lowering our guidance from 2008 to approximately $70 million versus our prior guidance of $75 million. And with that, let's go to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question is from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hi good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi, Jeff.
Jeff Hammond: I just wanted to understand I guess the provision, it seems pretty heavy at least in my model, pretty heavily weighted to the fourth quarter. So I am just wondering if anything has changed dramatically you know, from a trend standpoint within any businesses that get you to a much more difficult 4Q or perhaps, you guys had higher expectations for 3Q then maybe the Street?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the way I think about it Jeff is, we said something similar last year I tend to view the second half of the year, third and fourth quarter together given the seasonality of the business. And so, I would look at how we adjusted to second half of the year, unless about what the drop was in fourth quarter.
Jeff Hammond: I mean the third quarter come in below your expectations?
Todd Bluedorn: I am not going to answer that directly. I will answer it maybe briefly, which is to make the point is, we gave revenue guidance of then the second quarter, we said zero to minus two, given that we were down first half of the year, I believe 4% that sort of implied flattish during the second half of the year and our revenues were down 5% at third quarter. We talked about cool whether in third and fourth quarter with cooling days being down 11% from prior year. So I think its pretty clear that the market was little softer in third quarter than what our guidance would have led you to believe, we thought.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then you know, commercial I guess, you continue to talk about push outs and things getting more challenging, but the volumes this quarter were pretty resilient, just trying to understand that a little bit better, any kind of pull forward? And then also within the -- can you explain, how you got the -- I mean was it really all Europe improvement, how you get the margin expansion despite pretty big mixed win?
Todd Bluedorn: We had a very strong quarter in Europe, both on the top line and on the bottom line. And so there is really a couple of forces that work on a commercial -- at least on a revenue line, which is a strong third quarter in Europe. Our non-retail and non-national account business continues to be up year-over-year and we continue to see push outs of some of our major national accounts. And I guess the force through that is, we continue to win in the market place to gain new national accounts. So third quarter revenue line and volume line was solid, but as we look in the fourth quarter and beyond we continue to see some of these push outs and reflected that in our guidance.
Jeff Hammond: And the mix would have a negative contribution on the overall margin?
Todd Bluedorn: Correct.
Jeff Hammond: Made up by the Europe?
Todd Bluedorn: Say the last question again.
Jeff Hammond: I guess to kind of the margin expansion question, it was at all Europe more than made up for the negative mix?
Todd Bluedorn: Europe and pricing more than made up for the negative mix.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just I guess, we continue to hear I guess more negative things about Europe, some surprised and to strengthen that business, anything unique or one time in nature or is that a function of starting to get that business in order, I guess just why the conflict versus what we will be sharing from a macro level?
Todd Bluedorn: I think I would answer it maybe with two points, one is, we continue to get our operations in Europe in order, the restructuring that we announced this quarter will put additional cost reduction tier one in our bags as we go into '09. Point two would be, we talked about on refrigeration business we are seeing a same dynamics in Europe that others are seeing, which is a slowdown in refrigeration and we talked about that. Third on our commercial HVAC business, we don’t have the European footprint at some of our international competitors do and so on any given quarter, given some customer drivers specific customer drivers unique to us, we can have good quarters, we can have bad quarters on the revenue side. So I'm not sure I would read that our strong third quarter is counter to what you're hearing more broadly in Europe. I think the diagnosis of Europe of slowing down and what we said about refrigeration is how we see end use demand in Europe.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then just one final question moving over to commodities, can you just -- I mean it looked like your gross margins continue to expand despite a challenging demand environment. It looks like the price cost dynamic is at least near term, somewhat favorable, and just with copper falling off a Cliff, down around two buck, and steel I guess coming well off its peak, how should we start thinking about price cost gap moving into 2009?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the way you should think about price/cost is the way we have talked about it, which is we look to get price at a minimum to offset commodity shocks to the business. When you talk a little bit about commodities, a lot of this I know you know but with other folks on the line, to be clear, we're all on the same page, which is we hedge copper and have fixed forwards on aluminum to mitigate the volatility. So an implication of that is when prices are going up, you protect yourself on the volatility, and when prices go down, you shed yourself from the volatility. For 2008 overall, we are 78% hedged on copper, and have fixed forwards on 69% of our aluminum. Steel, as we've talked about earlier, we had significant increases mid year, as our suppliers re-wrote with surcharges added our long-term agreements. And while spot pricing has moved recently, the pricing that we're paying to the mills and the surcharges that were put on top of us, that hasn't changed overall commodity costs are significantly higher in 2008 versus the prior year. And as I have said we have driven market pricing to offset that. Now, as we think of going into 2009, we also expect commodity costs, even with some of the movements you've seen on some of the index, given our hedging positions, given our steel pricing, and given the year over year costs, we expect commodity costs to be higher in 2009 and expect to drive price in the marketplace to cover that.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Are you starting to get, hear of, or get any relief on these surcharges on a near-term basis on steel or when would you expect that to happen?
Todd Bluedorn: No, and we're working hard to make it as soon as possible.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then on copper, I guess with copper coming down to two bucks, just taking into account your hedges, when would you at least start to feel some partial benefit from lower copper?
Todd Bluedorn: Not in 2008. When we are in December, we will paint a more precise picture about 2009.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And our next question from the line of Curt Woodworth with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Curt Woodworth: Hi, good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hi Curt. How are you?
Curt Woodworth: You talked about the incremental cost savings of $4 million, in the commercial segment. With all the other restructuring that you've done this year, what is your expectation for total operational cost takeout for the business in 2009?
Susan Carter: Curt, it’s Sue. Let me try this one. What we've talked about for 2009, when you add in the new projects is that we would be north of $30 million in savings. Some of that coming from the Bellevue foundry that we closed a couple of years ago, the prior projects, and then adding on the new projects adds about $4 million as we said in the script.
Curt Woodworth: So 30 million of total cost savings or would that be more than annualized number you would get to by year-end?
Susan Carter: I think we would say that they would probably be one and the same for 2009. They would be roughly close.
Todd Bluedorn: And so let's rattle off the restructuring to make sure we all have the same list, which is the Bellevue closure, which was embarked upon, and we've seen much of that benefit this year. Our Lynnwood closure, our Danville closure, our New Zealand closure, and then our most recent announcements in Spain and European restructuring.
Curt Woodworth: Let me ask it another way, because you have achieved some, you have realized some of these benefits already this year. So what would be the incremental cost savings to the company next year? Because I would think that 30 million would be inclusive of some of the benefit this year.
Todd Bluedorn: Order of magnitude, we have talked about the Bellevue closure having 10 million of savings. Order of magnitude, you could take that out, and so we have about a $20 million year-over-year annualized savings.
Susan Carter: That's fair, yes.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then so I add four to that, or would that be inclusive of…?
Todd Bluedorn: The four is in the 20.
Curt Woodworth: Okay, great. And then in terms of your share buyback program, can you comment on how you are looking at that now relative to old stock prices, how many shares did you buyback this quarter and what is left on your authorization?
Todd Bluedorn: We didn’t purchase any shares this quarter, although on a year-to-date basis on a prior authorization we have bought $297 million of shares this year. When we announced $300 million stock repurchase plan, we talked about it as being a more opportunistic plan than the 500 million where we had a clear sunset on when it was going to be complete. We're balancing, buying the share buyback versus the financial parameters, what's going on in the marketplace, and business opportunities. Our cash flow deployment strategy that we've talked about often is use words like balance and discipline and look to give money back to our owners while at the same time driving growth organically and through acquisitions where they make sense, and dividends and share repurchase are a way to do that. So that is a long-winded answer. We're going to opportunistically look to buy back shares.
Curt Woodworth: Yeah, okay. And then in terms of your compressor and motor sourcing initiatives for next year, how much of those input costs have you already locked in for the year?
Todd Bluedorn: We're still in negotiations with our supply base for 2009. And when we're together in December, we will give a little bit more visibility and color to the focus and progress that we've made. I have talked about, we have talked about, over the last 18 months, the opportunities that are in front of us to be more international in our supply base strategy. We've built the teams, have made significant progress on that and when we're together we will talk more about it. But the short answer is we're not locked in on our component pricing yet.
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then on commercial, sort of getting back to Jeff's question, I mean if you look at this quarter the $1.10, you're up something like 20%, EPS growth, 18%, EPS growth year on year, at the low end of your guidance for the fourth quarter, means you would be down roughly 22% year on year. So the potential trend line run rate entering ’09 does seem like there has been seem somewhat of a step function change in potentially the outlook, given the guidance reduction. So can you just maybe walk us through -- it seems like commercial and refrigeration are the most difficult segments to forecast. Just thinking about ’09 if the new construction market is going to be doing 15, 20% maybe that’s too pessimistic. What is your strategy to either take further costs out, go after the replacement market, new product development, how do you think the business would hold up?
Todd Bluedorn: I understand the question and you can imagine in the summer I'm going to go through that chapter and verse both about what we think is happening in end markets and what we can do to offset it. Let me get it to maybe earlier in your question first which is I would advise not to read a step function change in the trajectory of the line. I would tend to view it as looking at the first half of the year and the second half of the year, that there is chunkiness in our business that I think can skew quarters. I think we saw a similar dynamic last year in the third and fourth quarter as we're seeing this year. So I would tend to view it as look at the line first half, look at the line second half. And I think the lines are pretty similar in terms of both revenue and loss performance first half of the year, the second half of the year. In terms of what we are going to do, I think the play book is pretty clear what we are going to do which is what we have done, which is aggressive movements on our factory restructuring, have said continue to use words in all of my comments of more to come, and that means just that, we're internally working on things we haven't publicly talking about, so more to come that we will continue to focus on discretionary spending and on SG&A. Although we start to get to the point of it's more challenging a third year, into a market downturn but we continue to hammer on that and obviously the long-term play there as the markets return that we keep it down. I just hinted earlier that we're doing things on the supply chain that we haven't done before, and I think there is -- in fact, I know there's opportunities there as we roll into '09, in a way that we haven't seen before in this business. And so we will talk more about that. So I think we continue to attack on the cost leverage. At the same time, transformational initiatives, whether it’s on our products, whether it’s on our distribution channel, we continue to make those, also.
Curt Woodworth: Okay, great. And then just one last question, in terms of pricing, are you seeing any changes in price competition, do you feel like typically in market weakness, the value brand, the fighting brands can get competitive on price, are you seeing that? And just in general what’s your view of inventory levels for the residential side in the business?
Todd Bluedorn: Yeah. On the pricing side, the price across our businesses, the pricing that we have announced has stuck, and we think it has stuck with our competitors also. I think your point about at the low end of the market, you are starting to see nibbling around price, and some more aggressive pricing on the low end of the market. And we resisted that and so where we have been winning has been, and we talked about that on the residential side, we think we're doing very, very well on the premium end of the business and that continues to grow even in these difficult environments and we do what we need to do on the low end, but we resisted not protecting our price. In terms of inventory, what we see, and again, we see it a little different than our competitors, given that the majority of our residential business is one step, so (inaudible) with us. But what we see is conservatism and so the inventory levels we think are seasonably low as people wait to see what’s going to happen in the market.
Curt Woodworth: Great. Thank very much.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. We go next to the line of Keith Hughes with Suntrust. Please go ahead.
Keith Hughes:  Thank you. I had a question on corporate expense. You gave us some guidance of 60 million for the year. That's been very choppy and the numbers have been kinds of all over the place in 2008. My question is, one, why is that then? And number two, in 2009, will we see a more consistent spend?
Susan Carter: Well, Keith, this is Sue. Let me give that one a shot. You're right, from quarter to quarter, there is some chunkiness in the corporate numbers. But I think it’s fairly easy to explain. In the first nine months, we eliminated nearly all of our discretionary spending, we adjusted our compensation program, we adjusted our forfeitures for long term compensation program, and then in the second quarter we had a one time favorable foreign exchange impact on inter-company loans that was 4 to $5 million. So you see some things happening there for the full year and obviously going forward we will continue to closely monitor our corporate spending, and we think approximately 60 million is the right number for 2008.
Keith Hughes: And if I take that as a percentage of whatever your sales are, would I see a similar spend in 2009?
Susan Carter: Yeah, I think as you look forward, I think there is a couple of things. You know, one, as I said, we will continue to tightly manage corporate expenses on an absolutely basis and as a percentage of sales. We obviously expect to leverage the hard work that was done in 2008 as the markets recover. But with all of that, I would also say that as the markets come back, we will expect to see some increases, for instance, in our variable compensation programs that we took out this year but again, I think the cost reductions that we've done and the work that we've done with the budgetary constraints is going to continue.
Keith Hughes: Okay. Second question, could you just remind us again, how much cost -- how much raw materials are as a percentage of cost of goods sold, and then break them down, the biggest to smallest, among the materials?
Susan Carter: Out of the direct material buy, the commodity, so steel, copper and aluminum are about 35% of the direct buy; copper and steel are about equal size with aluminum being the smallest.
Keith Hughes: Okay. And what is that as a percentage of cost of goods sold? 35, is that right?
Susan Carter: That’s 35% of the direct material buy.
Todd Bluedorn:  And direct materials about 80% of COGS.
Keith Hughes: Okay, I got it. Thank you very much.
Susan Carter: Thanks.
Operator:  We have question from the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeff Hammond: Hi, guys. Just a follow-up here on Service Experts. It just seems like, you know, we've had a number -- you know, a healthy eight quarters of really rough demand on the residential heating and cooling business. And really, it is seemingly until this quarter, Service Expert had kind of been bucking that trend and holding up a little bit better, and it seemed to have capitulated, and I just want to understand if you've seen any major change in customer behavior, or what was driving that, or any particular nuances in the third quarter with respect to Service Experts?
Todd Bluedorn: No. I understand the question. As we talked in the numbers; the revenue was down 8%, which I think is a bit more than what we saw earlier in the year. I think they were affected by the weather and by the shift from replacement to repair that we've seen. And Scott, at the same time that he continues to execute on the transformational initiatives, whether it’s the centralized call centers or the hand-held devices and the centralized operating systems, in the near term, is aggressively right-sizing the business for the market softness that he saw in the third quarter. So we are aggressively taking heads out of the business.
Jeff Hammond: But imagine if you get repair versus replacement that that business hangs in a little bit better than say the equipment side?
Todd Bluedorn: I think the difference is we being service experts, make more money on a replace than we do on a repair.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And are you still able to -- have you still been putting through fuel surcharges? Is that effort still working?
Todd Bluedorn: Well, as you know, fuel is sort of bouncing around and had a good bounce here the last 45 days or so. We continue to market by market, either put it in our standard hours that we charge out to the customer, use surcharge, so we use different vehicles to do it, but we've been aggressive on passing on our additional costs whether it is on equipment side or whether on the fuel side to the end customer.
Jeff Hammond: Okay. And then finally, are you seeing any major change in trends on service contracts, either fewer people signing up, or fewer people renewing?
Todd Bluedorn:  Not that I am aware of, no.
Jeff Hammond:  Okay. Thanks a lot.
Todd Bluedorn: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Coleman with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Michael Coleman: Good morning.
Todd Bluedorn: Hey Mike.
Michael Coleman: The startup of your facility in Mexico, in the quarter, were you running redundant lines? Was there additional costs on the startup that you won't incur in next year's third quarter?
Todd Bluedorn: I don't know, if I would think about it that way. I don't have the numbers on my fingertips, but the way we have moved a line, and these were lines that we moved out of Marshalltown, is we build inventory, shut down the lines, a big pieces of the equipment, or some of the equipment that we use, equipment that we moved out of Marshalltown down to Mexico, plus adding new line equipment, and then we ramped up in Mexico, and then picked up the production for our merit product line. So I guess, I wouldn't necessarily view -- I might view it as lower inventory once we're all done with this. And as we take fixed costs out of our Marshalltown facility to offset the volume that we've taken out, we will see some fixed costs go away. But all of that is baked into the guidance that we've given in terms of the savings that we're going to see on our Mexico facility.
Michael Coleman: The second question, on Mexico, is if the -- I think the capacity of that facility is significantly higher than what Marshalltown and maybe you can correct me on that, but do you have -- you run the risk of under absorption in that facility is a residential markets, you know, take longer to recover?
Todd Bluedorn: On the first question, I don't think we've ever talked about that in terms of the capacity of the facility versus Marshalltown. As you well know, it is quite literally, it is about how many lines you put in, and the Fab capacity that you have, but I don't think we've talked about the size. The answer to your question is we continue to look at what we need to do to take fixed costs out of our manufacturing base, both in residential in the US and around the globe. And so we're cognizant of what is happening with the markets and what we have to do to take fixed costs out.
Michael Coleman: Thanks.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Curt Woodworth with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Curt Woodworth: Yes, hi, just a quick follow-up on the commercial segment. Given the commercial and construction market definitely deteriorated pretty rapidly, can you just update us on what percent of the volume is after market, what percent of the volume in your commercial segment is new construction? And then within the new construction segment, can you go through kind of the key verticals, I know retail, I think, is the main one. But I'm not sure what the weighting is. And then lastly on the new national account, the 23 wins, can you give us some sense of the size of that sales opportunity? You know, roughly what that would mean to you in terms of incremental sales in 2009?
Todd Bluedorn: Let me sort of march through some numbers for you. When you look at our US commercial HVAC business, 60% to 65%, more like 60% this year, is new construction, 40% is replacement, and you know that inverse from what the industry is. We've made lots of focus on growing our replacement business. And have good results this year. When you think about the other cut that we talk about, the business, is about half of our business is a vertical being retail. And a majority of that is new construction but we also have replacement with some of our retail customers. Other major verticals that we have are healthcare, small to medium-sized offices, schools, are other important verticals. And so when you think about those verticals you think about segments that are less impacted by things at least in the near term, things that have happened here over the last year or so, and that's why when we talk about our commercial business in North America, we talk about the national accounts or the retail segment being down, but the other part of the business, the non-retail segment of our business actually being up year to year.
Curt Woodworth: And where is the replacement market been up year to date?
Todd Bluedorn: I don’t have that number on my finger tips, Curt.
Curt Woodworth: And Europe is about 25% of the segment.
Todd Bluedorn: 30%.
Curt Woodworth: 30% today. Thank you.
Todd Bluedorn: Thank you.
Operator: And I will now turn it back to Todd Bluedorn.
Todd Bluedorn: Great. Thanks, everyone. Lennox had strong operational execution in the third quarter that offset market head winds and led to strong cash generation and solid earnings, including record earnings per share. However, with global market conditions continuing to soften, we are reducing our sales and profit guidance for the remainder of the year. Our previously-announced cost reductions and operational efficiency initiatives are on track, and we are accelerating additional programs. All of us at Lennox remain focused on execution and operational excellence. Thank you all for joining us this morning. Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-23 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Fugate - VP Todd M. Bluedorn - CEO Susan K. Carter - CFO
Analysts: Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach
Operator: Ladies and gentleman thank you for standing by and welcome to the Lennox International Q1 2008 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of the host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would like to turn the conference over to Karen Fugate, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Fugate - Vice President: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for a review of Lennox International's financial performance for the first quarter of 2008. I am here today with Todd Bluedorn, our CEO, and Sue Carter, our CFO. Todd will review highlights for the quarter and Sue will take you through the company's financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliations, the financial metrics that will be discussed to generally accepted accounting principle measures. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com, will archive to website on the site and make it available for replay. I'd also like to remind everyone that in the course of this call to give you a better understanding of our operations. We will be making certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. A list of this risks and uncertainties is included in our recent 10-K filing with the SEC, includes the impact of higher raw material prices, our ability to implement price increases for our products and services. The impact of unfavorable weather and a possibility that a decline in new construction activity will depress the demand for our products and services. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we express to you today. I will now turn the call over to Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Karen. Good morning and thank you for joining us. As we expected, difficult residential new construction in replacement markets challenged our first quarter results. However, disciplined cost reductions, combined with strong performance on our North America Commercial and Refrigeration businesses, helped offset the headwinds. Total company revenue for the quarter was $767 million, 3% below prior year. EBIT loss was 2%, down 40 basis points. And our earnings per share on an adjusted and GAAP basis were $0.10. Our focus on cost containment across enterprise remains a priority and is reflected in a 40% reduction in our corporate expenses. We made progress in our restructuring initiatives launched last year. The refrigeration facility in Danville made significant progress to date. And our refrigeration facility in New Zealand and the heart facility in Linwood were substantially completed in the first quarter. Annual pretax costs savings associated with these closures are expected to yield $10 million annually beginning in 2009.We are not done on right sizing our factory footprint. And you can expect to hear more from us in this area in the future. Cashes and operations of $33 million is a significant improvement over prior year usage of $75 million. If you recall, due to the seasonal nature of our business, we consumed cash in the first half of the year and generate cash in the back half. We continue to buyback shares to our 500 million share repurchase program and during the quarter spend $173 million for a program to-date completion of 75%. We now anticipate we will complete the program in the second quarter of 2008, a full quarter ahead of schedule. Our balance sheet remains strong, with debt of $402 million for debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1.2. We continue to have significant capacity to utilize our balance sheet strength of expense to sustain our premium position. Before I turn it over to Sue, I'd like to wrap with our thoughts on the remainder of the year. Given the continued softness in the residential market, we are revising our full year revenue growth assumptions from 2% to 5% to flat to 2%. By accelerating plans to increase operational efficiencies and reduce cost, we believe these volume challenges can be addressed. We expect to meet our full year earnings expectations and reaffirm our guidance of $2.85 to $3 on an adjusted basis and $2.73 to $2.88 on a GAAP basis. Now I will turn it over to Sue.
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Todd. Good morning everyone. I will provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter, starting with Residential Heating and Cooling. Revenue in our Residential Heating and Cooling business decreased 9% to $329 million. While our volume was down 15%, price was flat and mix improved by 4%. Sales mix to our higher efficiency premium product grew 6% or 6 points sequentially, offsetting some of the volume pressure. Segment profit was $13 million, down $7 million with a margin of 4%. Contributing to lower segment profit we wrote off customer accounts receivable of $3 million more in the first quarter of 2008 as compared to 2007 due to weakness in the sector and overall U.S. economy. Although the residential new construction and replacement markets continue to soften, the business is aggressively reducing its cost structure. Now turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business. Our commercial segment results were mixed. Revenue for the total business reached $165 million, growth of 2%. Excluding favorable foreign currency, revenue would have declined 3%. Segment profit was down 27% to $6 million. For the total segment, we realized mix and price of 2% and 3% respectively with volume down 9%. Our European business plays a significant drag on overall segment results. Soft markets in Southern Europe and planned infrastructure investments to support our cost reduction efforts drove the segment profit down year-over-year. Recent data point suggests orders are stabilizing in Europe, however, our primary focus is in right sizing the business. In North America, the business had strong segment profit growth of approximately 30%. Much like the residential business, our mix of sales to the higher efficiency product improved sequentially. Orders from our retail national accounts were soft in the first quarter, however, orders from our non national account as well as the 20 plus national accounts we signed last year helped offset the weakness. We now expect similar dynamics for the balance of the year. Moving to our Service Experts business. Sales in the first quarter were $140 million, down 3% or down 6% when adjusted for favorable foreign exchange. Segment losses in the quarter were $8 million versus $4 million in the year ago quarter. Service Experts performance was impacted by lower volume from the weak residential market and a higher fuel cost. Most recently, our orders have stabilized and measures to address higher fuel and other cost have been implemented. In our Refrigeration segment, first quarter sales grew 10% to $155 million or flat when adjusted for foreign currency. Volume was down 1% and offset price increase of 1%. Segment profit for the quarter was $15 million, a year-over-year improvement of 18%. Excluding the benefit from foreign currency, profit growth would have been 13%. Segment profit margin was 10%, a 70 basis point improvement over last year. This profit improvement resulted from favorable international market conditions and cost reduction initiatives. Corporate expenses improved by 40% year-over-year driven by expense reduction in compliance activity, compensation, professional fees and overall tight budgetary controls. On an overall basis, SG&A, when adjusted for $7 million of foreign currency, was down to 3% over prior year. Our cash usage in operations was $33 million, over $40 million better than Q1 of 2007. This improvement is primarily due to a reduction in working capital level and the timing of tax payments. Free cash outflow was $42 million versus $85 million a year ago. Total CapEx for Q1 was $9 million. Our working capital as a percent of trailing 12 month sales for the company was 18.4%, slightly higher than the 17.4% a year ago. However, our quarter ending working capital ratio at 17% improved 50 basis points over 2007, reflecting the progress the company has made in managing our working capital. Inventory decreased 5% due our adjustment to the pre season cooling equipment build to reflect the continued decline in the residential market. Accounts receivable and accounts payable decreased 2% and 3% respectively. Before I turn it over to Q&A, I'll briefly talk about our 2008 outlook. On the residential side, we've adjusted our internal estimates down a bit further based on the latest market data. NAHB now has North America residential new construction market down 26% for 2008. Our best estimate for the replacement market is down mid single digits. Assuming the residential market is 70% replacement and 30% RNC, you get to a decline of high single digits for the total residential markets. Turning to commercial side, retail national account orders in the first quarter were soft and we now expect the retail national account segment to be soft for the balance of the year. Although, we can offset much of this through other account sales efforts, we believe volume would be flat to slightly down versus our last assumption of flat to up a few points. Given these latest assumptions we are revising our full year revenue guidance from 2% to 5 % to flat to 2%. Our 2008 earnings estimate has not changed and to reiterate what Todd said earlier, we believe by accelerating plans to increase operational efficiencies and reducing costs, we can address the volume challenges. And with that let's go to Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Okay our first question is from the line of Jeff Hammond, KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Hi Jeff.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hey. Just really want to drill into this European issue, I remember I think it was last year or the year before you there were European issues, the market started to get better, you started to fix some of the change some of the issues. So, this comes as a bit of surprise. I just want to understand, what's going on there, how quick of a fix is it? What really needs to be done from your perspective?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Let me sort of give you a little bit more color Jeff. If you look on a year-over-year basis where are decrease in profitability was in Europe, about half of it on a year-over-year basis I would say has to do with our revenue being down almost 10% year-over-year and I think a large part that was the market softened on us in first quarter, really the backlog going in the first quarter, the orders that we took at the end of the year were soft, driven in large part to one of our largest market, which is Spain, was down significantly. We also had a little bit of bad debt, that I put underneath that category of half of being I would attribute it to softer markets. About a quarter of the miss on the year-over-year basis I will put on under the category of one timers, things that won't repeat, some accounting sort of correction sort of tight things that you see in the numbers. Then about a quarter of it which we refer to a little bit more than a quarter of it, we refer to on our script and in the earnings release, has to do with what we called infrastructure investments and the enterprise undertook an SAP implementation in Europe a few years ago. We are now seeing the depreciation cost associated with that. In many ways our business in Europe was an accumulation of acquisition that hadn't been integrated. To really shrink the footprint in Europe, we needed to have an infrastructure put in place that allowed us to that and I think SAP was a precondition to do that. High level message on Europe in terms of what's in front of us, I like you share the disappointment on our first quarter performance there, what I would say is we're early in the second quarter but the order rates in Europe appear to have stabilized and so we don't see the bad news that we saw earlier but of course markets come and go. More importantly, we are committed to accelerating what we have said. We have already started in Europe, but now need to accelerate which is taking our cost in right sizing the business.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: This other half of one time expenses and infrastructure investment, is that carryover into the remainder of the year or --?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: The infrastructure investments will, because again its depreciation off IT systems, SAP. The one timers, we don't expect to repeat.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just a little bit you mentioned the Spanish exposure. What are your bigger exposures in Europe?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Our biggest end markets in Europe are France, which is number one, Germany and Spain. I believe are our top three business markets and we have factories in our commercial HVAC business, both in Spain and France, and in Eastern Europe.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then so moving over to guidance, you're cutting it looks like your cutting at the mid-point your revenue assumptions by about $60 million. Where are you making that up, or have you found new cost savings, is it just you had some contingency and now some of that's come up, maybe just a little color on how to make up that this the lower sales?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. We obviously knew when we entered the year that we're facing uncertain markets and really a challenging time for this industry. So we entered the year with some contingency, and so we're recognizing that contingency. We also have realized over the last few months that markets were softening on us and so we've aggressively accelerated our pace of cost reduction on discretionary spending, and I think you see some of that in corporate expenses and you'll see that during the balance of the year.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Great. And then just you gave some good color on commercial orders. Can you just is there a way to quantify your commercial order? You write in the first quarter and you made and maybe within there the differentiation between the national accounts and the other?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. On this one I won't put exact numbers around it but I will give you some color which is, if at the highest level of logic you fragment our business into national accounts, which as you know are large degree retail, and then the balance of our order book, which are more general contractor type business. What we saw was the national account, the retail business down, which I don't think surprised anybody given what we hear what everyone sees is going on in the retail business. Down, quiet frankly, a little bit more, or down more than what we thought in December, when we first gave guidance when we talked to you. The good news is the other part of the business, which is the contractor business, we continue to see strength in that segment of the business. In fact it was up year-over-year, and so what we see there is backlogs or contractor customers, at least as far as we can see continue to remain solid. And the other point I'd make is, while some of our major customers people who you all know, who are in the paper everyday talking about pushing out their stores, we've been able to offset that to some degree by winning in the market place which is the new national accounts that we signed last year, and 10 new national accounts that we signed already in first quarter of '08.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Good color, thanks.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Our next question is from the line of Chris Summers [ph] Green light Capital. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: My question is answered, thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. thanks Chris. Hopefully it was answered well.
Operator: One moment please for the next question. Our next question is from the line of David Rumhouse [ph], Wachovia Capital [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. A couple of questions for you. Can you you talked a little bit about obviously what you have seen in housing, but can you give us a sense of what you are sort of baking in in terms of housing starts for this year and your guidance?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Let me just sort of restate a couple of things. We talked about residential new construction being out 26% that tied to the NAHB guidance that's out and what they are forecasting on their most recent forecast, I don't have the exact numbers in front of me, but they have their housing starts under $1 million for a full year. I think its 980,000 bottoming out in second or third quarter on annualized run rates of 950,000. Now that includes multi-family housing starts. And then what we've baked into our guidance on the residential side that sort of reiterate some of things you talked about is, we're saying that we now reflect that on the RNC market which is being down 26%. And if you recall, back in December when we first gave guidance we thought it'd be mid-teens and February we thought it'd be 20%, now we think 26%, now done under 950,000 annualized start second or third quarter which our lowest numbers as you all know that we've seen since the early 70's. On the replacement market for residential, we've seen a softening in that market and when we were together, many of us back in December New York, we talked about a flattish market to slightly down. In Sue's guidance, she talked about it now being down mid-single digits year-over-year. And as you know, in a market where 70% is replacement, that's actually the variable that's most important as you should think about the risks on the business. And so we now see a residential market that's down high single digits, ten-ish type number for 2008 and that's what reflected in our guidance.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And then a second question. Just steel prices obviously running rampant, how you are dealing with that? How easily it is to get past through on that and what you're sort of thinking about that for the rest of year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, and maybe I will even broaden it to copper and aluminum
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: The whole commodity thing. We're fairly well hedged on copper and aluminum. In fact, for full year 2008 we're hedged at 65% for copper, and 60% for aluminum. So we have a pretty good hedge position there. On steel, as we all know, which you can't hedge, we have LTAs, long term agreement, with our suppliers through the balance of 2008. But having said that, commodity prices, specifically steel, we're seeing the kind of spikes that we saw four or five years ago, we've been very disciplined as a company that when our cost increase go up on commodities we pass that on in the market place. Right now we are again we have long term agreements on steel, we expect our supplier to honor them.
Unidentified Analyst: And so when you say long term agreements you mean fixed price contracts?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And so you are basically locked on that through 2008?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: We're locked on at 2008, but again I'll put color around that, as you can imagine, which is, in the past that hasn't always stop the steel integrated mills from passing our price increases.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: And again and I would restate, we've been disciplined as a company, as our cost have gone up on commodities and passing it on our own price and we'll continue to do that.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And is that generally true that most of your competitor's that they would have longer term contract as well?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I don't want to speak for everyone.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, all right. That's helpful, thanks for the time.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Coleman with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Hi, good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Hi Michael.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: The reduction in the corporate overhead in the quarter, looks like it was what you were previously planning for the full year. How do we think about the on going year-over-year declines in the corporate overhead for the balance of the year?
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Michael, its Sue. Let me take this one on. As I look at the first quarter and the $8 million expense reduction from the first quarter of 2007, I would characterize that as a combination of timing items and just overall cutting. In February, when we talk to you, we said that we knew that the first half of the year was going to be difficult and so as we planned for our expenses, particularly those that we could control, we push them out to later in the year. To give you some parameters around that and what to do with that, when we talk to you in December and in February, we talked about corporate expenses being about $75 million for the year. We now think that corporate expenses will be just south of $70 million for the year and so that of kind gives you a baseline for the timing versus the actual expense reductions.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. And the $3 million increase in the SG&A, is that to be viewed as one time or do you think you will see more that in the balance of the year?
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: No, I think we'll discontinue to monitor that.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: And then I think the additional color I would give, Michael, as what Sue said earlier, you adjust for FX increasing, on a cost and FX basis SG&A was actually down year-over-year, by about 3%.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Great thank you.
Operator: Our next question is actually a follow up question from the line Jeff Hammond, KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi guys. So, just to follow up on the raw material. Have you seen any of your steel providers come back with surcharges to this point?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: We have not accept and I'm parsing my words. We have not accepted any surcharges from our suppliers.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then have you announced any price increases in any of your businesses near terms, or may be just run through?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: The last price increase that we announced publicly was in our commercial business back in December. And I will look around there and I'm going to have someone correct me if I misstate this, 5% to 8% price increase on our commercial business.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, so giving your earlier comment and the run in commodities, how should we be thinking about price increase is going forward?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Again I am going to just be very precise on my words, as our commodity cost increase, we will be disciplined as we have in the past on passing on price to our customers.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay. Sue, can you just update us on the tax rate for the year, did it come in a little bit higher for 1Q?
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: Our tax guidance will remain the same at 36% to 37% for the year.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay and then final follow up. What do you as you get through this share repurchase at the end of this quar... end of 2Q on a accelerated basis. How should we think of capital allocation on a go forward basis?
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: I think the way that I would think about it is, we'll finish the share repurchase in the second quarter, we'll stop and we'll assess what's next and in our second quarter earnings call, we'll come back to you with some outlook for what's next.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: And I think the color that I would add to that, Jeff, is, it is our stated intent and that's just been Lennox's stated intent for many for several years has been, is to continue to return cash to our shareholders in the absence of beneficial acquisition or expansion opportunities.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee & Leach: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We have a question from line of Dev Naigison [ph], [indiscernible]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: : Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Hi.
Unidentified Analyst: With regards to the projections that you guys have made to achieve your revenue guidance of flat to up 2%.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: What kind of haircut is implicit in the backlog number that you're receiving through your national accounts?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I am not sure I understand the question; I think maybe I would answer it this way. Our current guidance reflects both our backlog and our order rate history and our projected expectations from our national accounts. So our guidance reflects what our current understanding is of our national account business.
Unidentified Analyst: : Yes, I guess that's what I mean. I mean your national accounts give you a certain number of they've budgeted for the year. Do you haircut that in order to come up with your guidance?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: If your point is, do we take what our customers give us at face value, we make adjustments and sort of put our own wisdom on top of numbers that we give and we have operational numbers that we've prepare to build to and then we have financial forecast that we've submit and on both those, we obviously put common sense and our own understanding of market dynamic.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes and I am trying to get a sense for the magnitude of that number?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I am not going to give that to you.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. The EPS guidance for the year, what's the share count that's implicit in that?
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: In December, we turn to about having between 60 million and 61 million shares, with completing the program in the second quarter, I would take that to 58 million to 59 million shares.
Unidentified Analyst: : Okay. Thanks very much, good luck for the rest of the year.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And with no further question in queue, I would now turn the call back over to Mr. Bluedorn for closing remarks.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks operator. As we expected difficult residential new construction and replacement markets challenged our first quarter results. We helped offset these headwinds with disciplined cost reductions and strong performance in our North America Commercial and Refrigeration businesses. And though the markets remain tough, 2008 is about execution; we have accelerated cost reduction actions and reaffirm our 2008 earnings outlook. Thank you all for joining us.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude the conference. We do thank you for joining while using AT&T Executive Teleconference. You may now disconnect, have a good day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-06 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Karen Fugate - VP, IR Todd M. Bluedorn - CEO Susan K. Carter - CFO
Analysts: Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Lennox International Q4 and Full Year 2007 Earnings Conference Call. At the request of your host, all lines are in a listen-only mode. There will be a question-and-answer session at the end of the presentation. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Karen Fugate, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Karen Fugate - Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for this review of Lennox International financial performance for the fourth quarter and full year. I am here today with Todd Bluedorn, our CEO; and Sue Carter, our CFO. Todd will review highlights for the quarter, and Sue will take you through the company's financial performance. In the earnings release we issued this morning, we have included the necessary reconciliations and the financial metric that will be discussed to generally, accepted accounting principles. You can find a direct link to the webcast of today's conference call on our corporate website at www.lennoxinternational.com. We will archive the webcast on that site and make it available for replay. I would also like to remind everyone that in the course of this call, to give you a better understand of our operations, we will be making certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. A list of these risks and uncertainties is included in our recent 10-K filing with the SEC, and includes the impact of higher raw material prices, our ability to implement price increases for our products and services, the impact of unfavorable weather and a possibility that a decline in new construction activity will depress demand for products and services. These risks and uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from those we expressed to you today. I will now turn the call over to Todd Bluedorn.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone. I will start today's call with an overview of our full-year results. Lennox International finished 2007 with strong financial performance. In fact, three of our businesses, Commercial, Service Experts, and Refrigeration had outstanding results with EBIT growth in double digits, and margin expansion. In the face of tough markets, our residential business took aggressive cost actions and ended the year with solid results. Total company revenue was $3.7 billion, a growth of 1% over last year. EBIT rose to 7.4% was up 50 basis points. Earnings per share on an adjusted basis were $2.50, a growth of 15%. GAAP earnings per share were $2.43, a growth of 8%. Our focus on cost containment across the enterprise gained traction and approve point as the year-over-year improvement in corporate expenses up $13 million. But, this is just the beginning of our cost reduction efforts. We still have significant opportunities in front of us to drive margin expansion and to support growth into other segments of business. We generated cash flow from operations of $238 million and invested $68 million in capital assets. Our free cash flow for the year was very strong in $170 million, a market improvement over last year's $126 million. We returned $282 million to our shareholders to stock buyback, up $247 million and a $35 million in the form of dividends. Our Board of Directors has increased the dividend in each of the last four years, resulting in a compound annual growth rate of over 10%. We continue to buyback shares to our $500 million share repurchase program, and by year end over 40% of the program was complete, and we remain on track for third quarter's year 08 completion. Our balance sheet remains strong with the year end debt of $208 million for a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.6. We continue to have significant capacity to utilize our balance sheet strength to expand and sustain our premium position. Now, turning to the fourth quarter results. Revenues for total LII were $887 million, up 1%. Earnings per share on an adjusted basis were $0.55 for year-over-year growth of 20%. On a GAAP basis, earnings per share were $0.59, growth of 2%. 2007 was the year of unprecedented challenges in the North America residential market, but a year of solid execution for LII. We said in motion, many strategic priorities that will benefit the enterprise over the long-term. Firstly, broke down our low-cost assembly factory in Saltillo, Mexico. This factory plays a critical role on our low-cost sourcing and manufacturing efforts, reducing our cost by over $20 million on an annual run rate basis by 2010. Manufacturing and sourcing excellence is a priority for LII and we have more opportunities in the pipeline. Second, we made progress on our the factory rationalization efforts. We announced three factory closures in 2007. Although restructuring charges are incurred in the near term, we expect close to $10 million in annual savings on a run rate basis in 2010. We are looking across our businesses to evaluate further consolidation of our manufacturing footprint and reduction of manufacturing overhead. Third, product innovation was at the forefront of 2007. Our new premium commercial rooftop unit Strategos is a first of its kind in the industry. Innovative products like our Healthy Climate air cleaner and ozone-free indoor air quality products are the best on the residential market. And on the refrigeration side, we introduced our inter-link EC motors, most energy efficient motor technology available for commercial refrigeration of operators. It's cutting edge projects...products like these that differentiate LII from the competition. And lastly, expense reductions are an area of continued focus for us. Over the last several quarters, we have taken a bite out of corporate expenses and lowered SG&A as a percentage of sales. But, we have a long way to go before we are done. Before I turn it over to Sue, I would like to briefly wrap up with our thoughts on 2008. First and foremost, we reaffirm our 2008 outlook provided at the December Analyst Meeting. That is adjusted earnings per share in the range of $2.85 to $3, and GAAP earnings per share in the range of $2.73 to $2.88. We expect financial performance during the first half of the year to be softer in second half, primarily due to the current market conditions in residential and new store retails openings being pushed out in commercial retail market. We will continue our focus on the cost side of equation and execute on our strategic priorities. Now, I will turn it over to Sue.
Susan K. Carter - Chief Financial Officer: Thank You Todd. Good morning everyone. As you've heard from Todd this morning, LII finished the year with strong financial results. I'll provide some additional commentary on the business segments for the quarter and full year, starting with the residential heating and cooling. For the fourth quarter, sales in the Residential business were $354 million, down 11% from prior year, primarily driven by lower sales volume of 16%, offset by favorable price and mix of 3% and 1% respectively. Currency was favorable by 1%. Segment profit in the quarter was $31 million, a margin of 9%, compared to $43 million and a margin of 11% in the year-ago quarter. Full year sales in the residential segment reached $1.7 billion, a year-over-year decline of 10%. Sales volume was down 16%, while product mix and price improved 1% and 5% respectively. Segment profit for the year was $174 million, a margin of 10%, compared to profit of $212 million and a margin of 11% in 2006. As you may recall, our residential segment includes our hearth business and our ADP coil business, which are disproportionately down a year-over-year due to their exposure to the RNC segment. The residential equipment business was able to maintain relatively flat segment margins for the year due to cost reductions and pricing actions. Before I move on, let me just count non-recurring warranty gain in the fourth quarter. We made a change to the way we fulfill our warranty obligation on a Pulse furnace, which is product that was produced from 1982 to 1999. We worked with our dealer partners to focus on the customers to make an equitable change to our warranty process. This change resulted...this change in our warranty policy resulted in a one-time $17 million pre-tax reduction in the warranty reserve, which we excluded from our adjusted results. Now, turning to our Commercial Heating and Cooling business. Our Commercial segment had an excellent quarter and a record breaking year. Sales in the fourth quarter reached $224 million, growth of 14% or 8% growth when adjusted for foreign exchange. Growth was the result of favorable product mix and pricing. Commercial segment profit in the fourth quarter grew 26% to $24 million, a margin of 11% and 100 basis points improvement over the last year. Earnings improvement is attributed to favorable product mix and cost containment. Commercial sales for the full year were $875 million, year-over-year improvements of 16%. Favorable foreign exchange contributed 3% to that growth, and we realized price of 5% and favorable product mix and volume of 4% each. Total segment profit for the year increased 39% to reach $101 million. Margin improved by approximately 200 basis points to 12%. Favorable product mix shifts to our high-efficiency rooftop unit, profitability in Europe and cost reductions drove profitability improvements. Moving to our Service Experts business. Sales in the fourth quarter were $169 million, 5% growth or 2% growth when adjusted for favorable foreign exchange. Segment profit in the quarter was $7 million, a margin of 4% versus $8 million, a margin of 5% in the year ago quarter. 2006 fourth quarter results include an incremental $2 million favorable adjustment to our causality insurance accrual. For the full year, sales and service experts reached $681 million, year-over-year growth of 4% or 3% when adjusted for foreign exchange. Segment profit for the year was $25 million, a 4% margin. The strong performance was driven by a favorable mix shift to higher margin service and replacement business, geographic mix and cost reduction efforts. In our Refrigeration segments, fourth quarter sales grew 17% to $158 million, or 6% when adjusted for foreign currency. Segment profit for the quarter was $15 million, a year-over-year improvements of 27%. Profit margin was 9% and 80 basis point improvement over the last year. Sales from our Refrigeration segment for the full year topped $608 million, up 15%. This 15% increase consisted of 4% volume, 4% price, and a 7% benefit from foreign exchange. Segment profit was $62 million for the year, and 18% improvement over last year. Profit margin was 10%, a 30 basis point improvement. LII had very strong cash results for the year. Our cash from operations at $238 million and free cash flow at $170 million were significant improvement over last year's results. Our free cash flow being equal to total company net income for the year is consistent with our long-term cash conversion goals. Our $282 million return to shareholders in the form of dividends or stock buybacks was facilitated by this excellent free cash flow and balance sheet leverage. Our working capital ratio for the trailing 12 month average in 2007 of 18.3% and increased from our results in 2006, reflects the impact of caring higher inventory levels than anticipated through much of the year. However, our year end working capital ratio at 16.4%, which is roughly equal to the 2006 year end position, reflects the significant progress for the company in managing these issues through the latter part of the year. Our total capital expenditures in 2007 were $68 million. We project our capital expenditures in 2008 will be approximately $90 million. These funds will be used to invest in new products, capacity and process improvement initiatives. Before we go to Q&A, I'll briefly talk about our 2008 outlook. We don't provide outlook by business segment, but I will update the market assumptions, since we last spoke in December. On the residential side, the North America RNC market is expected to be down a bit further than the mid teens we talked about in December. The NAHB data now shows RNC down 20% for 2008, estimates for replacement remained same, down just slightly flat. Assuming the residential market is 70% replacement and 30% RNC, you get into a decline of mid-single digits for the total residential market. Turning to the commercial side; as you know, a large portion of our commercial business comes from retailers, some of who have probably pushed out new stores. Therefore the backlog for our commercial business remain solid and we believe that 2008 looks a lot like 2007 with markets flat to up a few points. So with that, let's turn the total company guidance. Our total company, we expect revenue of $3.8 billion to $3.9 billion, growth of 2% to 5%; core earnings per share of $2.85 to $3 per share, growth of 14% to 20%; GAAP earnings per share of $2.73 to $2.88, growth of 12% to 19%. Capital expenditures of approximately $90 million and a tax rate of 36% to 37%. And with that, let's go to Q&A. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to the line of Curt Woodworth with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Yeah. Hi, good morning
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Curt. How are you?
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Good. How are you?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Good.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: In terms of thinking about sort of the distribution of growth and earnings for 2008, you made a comments similar to what you talked in the Analyst Day that the first half is going to be probably a little weaker than the second half. And I wonder if you can kind of just walk me through that a little bit more in terms how different do you think the growth rates could look first half to second half? Given some of the economic data that points a potential recession, what's the level of confidence that the market did accelerate in the back half of the year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Well, Curt as you know, we don't provide quarterly guidance. But let me offer you a little bit of thinking on it and a lot of this you know which is, our businesses is clearly seasonal with Q1 being our lowest revenue and profit quarter followed by Q4, with Q2 and Q3 our largest quarters. And as I mentioned and as you just reiterated, we expect the first half to be a little slower than the second half, driven in part by the new construction and residential. Couple of numbers to give you, the North America home builders' data shows that the first...we're still predicting the first half of the year will be down about 30%, and the second half of the year will be down 15%, and part of that quite frankly is just comps get easier as we get to the second half of the year after what's happened in 07. The second issue that I have talked about and Sue had mentioned during the first half of the year is some of our retail customers have pushed out some of their orders to second half of the year, the largest being Wal-Mart. But the balance of our commercial business, which is about 60%, our contractor customers remain optimistic for all of 2008. Their backlogs look strong and they are signaling that to us. And given the growth that we've had international accounts business, the 29 new accounts that we captured in 2007 in part with our Strategos unit, we feel confident on the balance of our commercial business. So really to me that the big risk or the big softness during the first half of the year has to do with the residential market. And I think our confirmation of guidance for full year sort of reflects that.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Okay. Great, thank you. And then in terms of the gross margin for the company. A lot of significant improvement on SG&A and gross margin this year into the fourth quarter results despite very weak residential volumes was really impressive. So I am just wondering in terms of thinking about 08 in terms of getting kind of this annualized benefit of all the cost actions you took in 2007. It seems like it would be pretty fair to assume that gross margin on the flattish volume scenario should be up year-over-year in 2008?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Short answer is yes. But longer answer would be to talk about the guidance that I gave in December, and I talked about how we have an end the year at 7.4 EBIT rise, which we did and I talked about a 2010 target of 10%. We obviously need to be on that line in 2008. And so we are clearly focused on margin expansion on 2008.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: On both the growth and on the SG&A benefit line?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Correct, yes.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Last question in terms of leverage. Even with the buyback they're going to be only about one turn debt-to-EBITDA. How high would you be willing to go and you have seen acquisition opportunities that would even foster that?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Let me answer the first question and then I will get to the second question. As we talked about in December, as you suggest we are going to end up about one debt-to-EBITDA as we go into 2008. When we look at where we think make sense for a company of our size and debt rating and competitive field. We think 2ish is sort of a reasonable place for us to be. And then...so if we are going to end at 1ish and 2ish is the place to be, then we look at where else can we go. As you suggest that it's either investments organically into business, it's acquisitions that can make sense in lieu of that to give the money back to the shareholders. In terms of acquisition, I don't... none of us talk about individual candidates, but this is clearly an industry that lends itself to consolidation. I think we were in a strong position to do that, given our market leading position and our strong balance sheet. The businesses that make sense to us are the businesses that we have strength in which is our north America residential business, our north Americana commercial business, our refrigeration businesses can make sense and as I talked about in December we like commercial service quite a bit and so growing that business to acquisition could also make sense.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Great. And would you characterize the pipeline in terms of opportunity. Is this better than it was last year or the kind of given the market conditions, the buybacks, the priority near term in picking that?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: As you know, acquisitions are often a long dance and so I think at any given time the pipeline or at least the conversations around the pipeline need to fallen, that's where we are focused on.
Curtis Woodworth - JP Morgan: Great, thanks a lot.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Great. Thanks, Curt.
Operator: : All right, thank you. Next we'll go to the line of Jeff Hammond with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Hi Good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Jeff. How are you?
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Good.Todd, just want to go...it seems like you lowered your new construction assumption, seems like you lowered your commercial at least slightly from a market perspective. In the revenue guidance is unchanged. So does that mean that you picked that up with share or your bias is maybe more towards the lower end or maybe just a little more color there?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I think you probably fair on the back end of your statement, which is probably biased towards the lower end right now. And then also I mean my inclination is to on the revenues guidance, let's get a quarter under our belt. As you know, first quarter is our lowest quarters; second and third quarters the really big drivers. So I think that's the short answer.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay, and then looks like you drew down inventories substantially in the quarter. Can you just speak to the impact that had on absorption and just maybe characterize how you feel about your inventories and the inventories in the channel.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: On the inventories on the channel as you know given that the majority...vast majority of our business is one step. We are typically not concerned about that in the same way that our competitors are, who have predominantly two steps. So we are as end use demand goes up our sales will fluctuate very quickly with that. In terms of the inventory drive down in the fourth quarter, yes, and that was good news as we helped generate cash with that. And we had absorption impacts, but overall we were able to a large degree off set those with cost reductions in the factory that helped protect our margins. So long answer...or short answer is we had inventory go down, we have some absorption we offset it to a large degree with cost reduction.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay, great. And then just...you talked a little bit about restructuring benefits in the 2009-2010. Taken all the actions together to-date, do you give any material benefit in 08. And is that incorporated in the guidance?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: No material benefit in 08. Really 09 is when we start to kick it in. In fact I don't have the exact math in front of me, I think it's neutral to a slight headwind on some of the period expenses that we are going be having in our face at the end of 2008. So, it's really an 09, 10 benefit on the factory reconsolidation. Some of the restructuring that we have done on our head count that you see in the corporate expanse line obviously we will see those benefits in 2008.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. And then just final question back to the acquisition discussions, maybe just to ask it a little bit different way; as you came in April, it seems like you are very focused internally on cost improvements and restructuring actions. I just want to get better sense of how the balance is shifting or not shifting internally versus externally. Are you more focused externally now than you were six to nine months ago?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I guess the way I think about it, is given the market conditions that we face there is no way me or anyone else in this organization has taken our eye off the internal focus restructuring margin expansion and cost reduction, we can't afford to. So we have not in anyway lessened the focus that we had on that when I first walked in the door, where zeroed in on that. It's taking time, we understand as I talked about in December that the future of this company is about growth. And so we are focused on...at the same time our new product development and then the third piece is industry consolidation, and so we are starting and have started trying to fill the pipeline with candidates that can make sense, but I don't want to convey that in some way we've taken our eye off the cost book, because we haven't.
Jeffrey Hammond - KeyBanc Capital Market: Okay. Great, thanks.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: All right, thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we'll go now to the line of Michael Coleman with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee: Hi, good morning.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Hi, Michel, how are you?
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee: Doing well. You picked up three points of price on your residential business in the fourth quarter. And if I go back, I think you picked up maybe highest single digits in the fourth quarter of 06, which was on top of price gains in the fourth quarter of 05. If you look out given the volume issues in the new residential construction and so forth. Do you see at some point, where you are not going to get price at least in the coming year?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I think the way I would answer it is, we have been very disciplined on offsetting the commodity increases in our business with price increases. And the volatility of the commodities will really drive what we think we can get on price in the marketplace. And so in the current market, as commodities go up, I think we will be capture more price and will drive to do that.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee: Okay. And you seem to at least this year capture more price on the commercial side of the business than residential. Are you finding it not necessarily easier, but are you finding the commercial end market more receptive to price increases?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: I think short supply and demand indicates that the market in commercial is strong. Third and fourth years of a strong, certain supports price as we announced a 5%...excuse me 8% to 5% increase in prices on our commercial product line December 1st of 2007. So we recently announced the price increase on commercial continue to push pricing the marketplace.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee: Okay. And if you take an action on residential?
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: We have not announced recent price increase in residential, but as you know that's the deal-to-deal business, where we sort of push pricing as we go. So in any given market, we are fighting everyday for price, but haven't had a recent price announcement.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee: Okay. In terms of the commercial the descriptions of commercial potential push outs in the first half. Relative to your comments in December, have you seen in acceleration in the kind of the push outs or the commercial deterioration in the last mid-December.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: No, that's a good question, and the answer is no. In terms of the guidance that I gave in December, it's really consistent with my view there on the commercial market, which is the things I knew about the retail pushing out we knew in December, talked about it in the same comments that I gave on the broader 60% of our business, which is non retail the contractors remain optimistic and talk optimistic about the back log.
Michael Coleman - Sterne, Agee: Okay, great. Thank you.
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions].
Todd M. Bluedorn - Chief Executive Officer: Okay, I would like to wrap up then. Couple of comments in closing. LII has strong results despite a very tough market, but with outstanding performance in the three of the four businesses strategic initiatives set in motion ensure LII is well positioned to expand its premium position and reduce costs across the enterprise. 2008 is about execution. And though the markets remain tough, we re-affirm the financial outlook we laid out in December and remain optimistic about this market and our position in it. Thank you all for your time. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation and for using AT&T Executive Teleconference service. You may now disconnect.
